‘9

eee BIN Gt i) BOO Kk. OF

 
 

PENGUIN BOOKS
THE PENGUIN BOOK OF HISTORIC SPEECHES

Brian MacArthur is associate editor of The Times. He was founder editor of
Today and The Times Higher Fiducation Supplement, editor of the Western
- Morning News and former deputy editor of the Sunday Times. He has written
Eddy Shah, Today and the Fleet Street Revolution and Deadline Sunday, and edited —
Gulf War Despatches. He has been interested in the power of oratory since
first hearing Aneurin Bevan on the hustings in 1956 and has edited a com-
panion anthology, The Penguin Book of Twentieth-Century Speeches. —

Brian MacArthur lives in London and has two daughters.

 
CONTENTS

Introduction xv
Acknowledgements xxii

ANCIENT TIMES 1

Moses ‘Thou shalt not...’ (c. 1250 Bc ) 3
Pericles “A thens crowns her sons’ (431 Bc) 5

Socrates ‘No evil can happen to a good man’ (399 Bc) 8

Demosthenes ‘I have always made common cause with the people’ (330 Bc) 11
Marcus Tullius Cicero “A mong us you can dwell no longer’ (63 Bc) 15
Jesus of Nazareth ‘Blessed are the poor in spirit’ (¢. 33) 23 3
Muhammad ‘Turn thy face towards the Sacred Mosque’ (7th century) 29

- OF COMMONERS AND KINGS 33

Ethelbert ‘We do not wish to molest you’ (597) 35—
William the Conqueror ‘Be ye the avengers of noble blood : (1 066) 35,
John Ball ‘Cast off the yoke of bondage’ (1381) 37. =
Thomas Cranmer ‘I shall declare unto you my very faith’ (1556) 38
Queen Elizabeth I ‘I have the heart and stomach of a king’ (1588) 40
Queen Elizabeth I ‘To be a Ring’ (1601) 41
King James I ‘Kengs are justly called Gods’ (1609) 44
Sit John Eliot ‘The exchequer... is empty... the jewels pawned’ (1628) 45
Thomas Wentworth, Earl of Strafford ‘You, your estates, your posterity, lie at the
stake!’ (1641) 47
~ John Pym ‘He should perish by the Justice of that ee which he would have subverted’
 -{1641}-49 | |
, ne Pym ‘The cry of all ‘England’ es: 642) G2:
Thomas Rainborowe ‘The poorest he’ (1647) 54
ot King Charles I ‘I go from a corruptible to an incorruptible crown’ (1 649) 55
Oliver Cromwell ‘In the name of God, go!’ (1653) 58
Oliver Cromwell ‘Let God be judge between me and you’ (1658) 59

 

tas
sate. Caen

 
viii Contents

See

THE BIRTH OF THE UNITED STATES 63

John Winthrop ‘We shall be as a city upon a hill’ (1630) 65

Andrew Hamilton “The cause of liberty’ (1735) 67

James Otis “A man’s house is bis castle’ (1761) 69

William Pitt, Ist Earl of Chatham ‘I rejoice that A merica has resisted’ (1766) 71
John Hancock ‘The tremendous bar of God!’ (1774) 75

William Pitt, 1st Earl of Chatham ‘The &ingdom is undone’ (1775) 77

Edmund Burke ‘This spirit of A merican liberty’ (1775) 82

Patrick Henry “Give me liberty, or give me death!’ (1775) 88

Samuel Adams ‘Be yourselves, O_A mericans’ (1776) 91

William Pitt, ist Earl of Chatham ‘You cannot conquer A merica’ A777)_-93
William Pitt, 1st Earl of Chatham ‘If we must fall, let us fall like men!’ (1778) 99

Benjamin Franklin ‘I agree to this Constitution with all its faults’ (1787) 100
Alexander Hamilton ‘The thing is a — (1788) 102

“CLASHES AMONG ae GLADIATORS 107 ©

Sit Robert Walpole ‘I am conscious of no crime’ (1 741) 109 :
~ William Pitt, 1st Earl of Chatham “Where law ends, there tyranny begins’ (1770) 112
Edmund Burke “He i is not a member of Bristol, but te is a member of Parliament’
a 774) 114 aS | |
= Wilkes ‘The ak given to the Constitution... are still bleeding’ (1775) 116
= Gharles James Fox ‘The most odious species of rama (1783) 119
Edmund Burke ‘He is doing indeed a great good’ (1783) 122
arles James Fox What i is the di afference between an absolute and a limited monarchy?” :
z (1783) 5 : |
pe ommne Burke ‘I inipaarl Warren Hastings’ ( 788) 126 ©
_ Richard Brinsley Sheridan ‘Justice . . . august and pure’ (1788) =
William Wilberforce ‘Let us make reparation to A frica’ (1789) 134
William Pitt the Younger “4 barbarous traffic in slaves’ (1 792) 138
Charles Jaates Fox The a eS eM: eS ier :

   
  
  

-FHE RIGHTS OF MAN 151 =

" Mirabeat ‘Woe to the privileged orders! : (1 789) 1 tha
_ Mirabeau ‘Hideous bankruptcy is here... And. yet you deliberate!’ 7 (1789) 154
Richard Price ‘Tremble all ye aires of the world!’ (1789) 156
- Pierre Vergniaud ‘Your blood shall redden the earth’ (1792) a
Georges Jacques Danton ‘To dare, to dare again, ever to dare!’ (1792) 162
Maximilien Robespierre ‘Louis must perish because our country must live!’ (1792) 163
Thomas Erskine ‘The rights af man’ (1792) 165
= % seeneges Jacques Danton ‘The people have nothing but blood’ (1793) 169°

 
Contents | 1X

 

Pierre Vergniaud ‘The Revolution, like Saturn, devouring successively all her children’
(1793) 171

Pierre Vergniaud “Our moderation has saved the country’ (1793) 175

Camille Desmoulins ‘I? 1s a crime to be a king’ (1793) 177

Maximilien Robespierre “Terror is nothing else than justice’ (1794) 182

Maximilien Robespierre ‘The Supreme Being’ (1794) 184

Maximilien Robespierre ‘Death is the beginning of immortality’ (1794) 187

William Pitt the Younger ‘Danger with indelible shame and disgrace’ (1797) 189

William Pitt the Younger ‘Ax implacable spirit of destruction’ (1800) 193

Charles James Fox ‘Must the bowels of Great Britain be torn out?’ (1800) 195

William Pitt the Younger ‘Europe is not to be saved by any single man’ (1805) 202

TOWARDS CIVIL WAR 203

George Washington ‘I retire from the great theatre of action’ (1783) 205 wae
George Washington ‘Observe good faith and justice towards all nations’ (1796) 206
Gouverneur Morris ‘I am an A merican’ (1800) 213 ee
Thomas Jefferson ‘Equal and exact justice to all men’ (1801) 216

Red Jacket ‘We also have a religion’ (1805) 219

Tecumseh ‘Once a happy race. Since made miserable’ (1810) 222

Simon Bolivar ‘The triple yoke of ignorance, tyranny and corruption’ (1819) 223
Daniel Webster ‘The first scene of our history’ (1820) 225

Daniel Webster ‘Liberty and union, now and forever’ (1830) 228
_ Seth Luther ‘We have borne these evils by far too long’ (c. 1832) 237
John C. Calhoun ‘The controversy is... between power and liberty’ (1833) 241

_ Wendell Phillips “The priceless value of the freedom of the press’ (1837) 246
Henry Clay ‘The dove of peace’ (1850) 250

John C. Calhoun ‘This ery of union’ (1850) 253
Daniel Webster ‘Liberty and union’ (1850) 255

Frederick Douglass ‘I hear the mournful wail of millions’ (1852) 260

 

THE AGE OF IMPROVEMENT 265

_ Henry Brougham ‘I stand up ... against the friends and followers of Mr Pitt’
7 AN DIG Bi ee |
George Canning ‘The interest of England’ (1823) 269
Robert Peel “A moral necessity’ (1 G29) 272
Thomas Macaulay ‘Renew the Jouth of the state’ (1831) 277
Robert Peel ‘The dangers which menace states’ (1831) 279
Henry Brougham ‘Reject not this bill!’ (1831) 281

Thomas Macaulay “A matter of shame and remorse’ (1833) 282 7 : af : r

Richard Cobden ‘You are the gentry of Fingland’ (1845) 286
Benjamin Disrael |

1 "The cause of the people, the cause of England’ (1846) 288 a

 
x Contents |
eee
Sir Robert Peel “I cannot charge myself with having taken any course inconsistent with
Conservative principles’ (1846) 291

Benjamin Disraeli ‘I suffer, and I see no hope’ (1849) 294
Henry Palmerston ‘The strong arm of England’ (1850) 295
Benjamin Disraeli ‘England does not love coalitions’ (1852) 297
William Gladstone ‘A Budget... which may peril our safety’ (1852) 299
John Bright ‘I am told indeed that the war is popular’ (1854) 302
John Bright ‘The Angel of Death has been abroad throughout the land’ (1855) 304
John Bright ‘If all other tongues are silent, mine shall speak’ (1861) 307
John Bright ‘A mighty fabric of human bondage’ (1862) 308
William Gladstone ‘You cannot fight against the future’ (1866) 311
Benjamin Disraeli ‘Sanitas sanitatum, omnia sanitas’ (1872) 313

_ Benjamin Disraeli ‘The issue is not a mean one’ (1872) 317

_ William Gladstone ‘God speed the right’ (1879) 323 S

William Gladstone ‘Remember the rights of the savage’ (1879) 325

William Gladstone ‘Liberty for ourselves, Enrpire over the rest of mankind’ (1879) 326

; William Gladstone ‘ The blessed ends of pe and justice, liberty and peace’
a 879) 52 |

es = William sees ‘The most inespresible calamity’ ( 1 883) 330

= THE AGE OF LINCOLN 335

   
    
    
 

Chief Seattle “On the Red Man’ 5 ae ad 855) 337

William Lloyd Garrison ‘Man above all institutions!’ (1 854) 341
Abraham Lincoln ‘The monstrous injustice of slavery’ (1854) 344 |
am Lincoln ‘A house divided against itself cannot stand’ (1858) 347
- Abraham Lincoln ‘I have labored for and not against the Union’ (1858) 352
_ John Brown ‘The blood of millions’ (1859) 354

Abraham Lincoln ‘Let us have faith that right makes ag a 860) 356
Jefferson Davis ‘A final adien’ (1861) 358

Abraham Lincoln ‘My feeling of sadness at this parting: (1861) 363
Abraham Lincoln ‘We are not enemies, but friends’ (1861) 364
Edward Everett ‘A new bond of union’ (1863) 366 } wae
_ Abraham Lincoln ‘Government of the peaple, by the people, He the people’ a 863) 367, 7
Abraham Lincoln ‘With malice toward none * (1865) 369
Chief Joseph ‘I will fight no more’ (1877) 371 |
Henry W. Grady ‘Fields that ran red with human blood i: in April were geen vith
harvest in June’ (1886) 371
_ Booker T. Washington “A new heaven and a new ‘earth’ (1 893) 375
_ Booker T. Washington ‘The sacrifice was not in vain’ (1896) 378
William Jennings Bryan ‘You shall not crucify mankind upon a cross
(1896) 379

 
    
  
   
 
   
THE CRY OF IRELAND 385

Henry Grattan ‘The breath of liberty’ (1780) 387

Henry Grattan “A free people’ (1782) 391

John Philpot Curran ‘Universal emancipation’ (1794) 392

Wolfe Tone ‘Whatever be the sentence of the court, I am prepared for it’ (1798) 395
Henry Grattan ‘Thou art not conquered’ (1800) 397

Robert Emmet ‘I am going to my cold and silent grave’ (1803) 399

Daniel O’Connell ‘The eternal right to freedom of conscience’ (1814) 404
Richard Lalor Sheil ‘Men with starvation in their faces’ (1828) 409
Daniel O’Connell ‘We are eight millions, and you treat us thus’ (1833) 412
Daniel O’Connell ‘Ireland shall be free’ (1843) 413

Patrick Pearse ‘Ireland unfree shall never be at peace’ (1915) 416

Roger Casement ‘In Ireland alone, in this twentieth century, is loyalty held to be a crime’
(1916) 418

WOMEN’S LIBERATION 425 |

Frances Wright ‘Let us rejoice as human beings’ (1828) 427
Elizabeth Cady Stanton ‘We now demand our right to vote’ (1848) 429 —
Sojourner Truth ‘4’n’t I a woman?’ (1851) 433 7 Ste
Lucy Stone ‘Disappointment is the lot of women’ (1855) 434 1
Sojourner Truth ‘T have a right to have just as much as a man’ (1867) 436 3
Elizabeth Cady Stanton ‘The male element is a destructive force’ (1868) 438
Susan B. Anthony ‘Are women persons?’ cre i2) 440
Elizabeth Cady Stanton ‘The true woman’ (1888) 442
Emmeline Pankhurst ‘The laws that men have made’ (1908) 445
Emma Goldman ‘The political criminal of today must needs be the saint of the new age’
(1917) 448
Dolores Ibarruri Gomez (‘La Pasionatia’) ‘Fascism shall not pass’ (A 936) 453
_ Betty Friedan “4 woman's civil right’ (1969) 455

A CENTURY OF WAR AND REVOLUTION 459

_ David Lloyd George ‘The great pinnacle of sacrifice’ (1914) 461
V.1. Lenin ‘Long live the world socialist revolution’ (1917) 465 —
Woodrow Wilson ‘Man will see the truth’ (1919) 468
Mahatma Gandhi ‘Non-violence is the first article of my faith’ (1 922) 470
Franklin Delano Roosevelt ‘The only thing we have to fear is fear itself’ (1933) 473 —
Adolf Hitler ‘My patience is now at an end’ (1938) 477 ie
Winston Churchill ‘I have nothing to offer but blood, toil, tears and sweat’ (1940) 481 i
Winston Churchill ‘This was their finest hour’ C1990) 482 Fs
J ohn Fr SENORT ‘A new generation of Americans’ (1961) 483 |

 
 

 

xit | Contents

 

Martin Luther King ‘I have a dream’ (1963) 487

Nelson Mandela ‘Ax ideal for which I am prepared to die’ (1964) 491
Vaclav Havel ‘A contaminated moral environment’ (1990) 495
Nelson Mandela ‘Let freedom reign’ (1994) 498

Select Bibliography 501

 
There are two atts which raise men to the highest places of preferment:
one is that of the great soldier, the other that of the accomplished orator;

for by the former the glories of peace are preserved, by the latter the
perils of war are driven away.

Cicero

The business of the orator is not to convince, but persuade; not to
inform, but to rouse the mind; to build upon the habitual prejudices of

mankind (for reason of itself will do nothing) and to add feeling to
prejudice, and action to feeling,

William Hazlitt on William Pitt the Elder

A speech is a soliloquy, one man on a bare stage with a big spotlight. He
will tell us who he is and what he wants and how he will get it and what
it means that he wants it and what it will mean when he does or does not

get it .. . He looks up at us on the balconies and clears his throat. ‘Ladies
and Gentlemen...’ We lean forward hungry to hear. Now it will be said,
now we will hear the thing we long for. A speech is part theatre and part
political declaration; it is personal communication between a leader and
his people; it is art, and all art is paradox, being at once a thing of great
power and great delicacy. A speech is poetry: cadence, rhythm, imagery,
sweep! A speech reminds us that words, like children, have the power to
make dance the dullest beanbag of a heart ... Speeches are important
because they are one of the great constants of our political history. They
have been not only the way we measure public men, they have been how
we tell each other who we ate ... They count. They more than count,
they shape what happens. | 7

Peggy Noonan
 

INTRODUCTION

The speeches of Moses, Jesus of Nazareth and Muhammad to their
followers are still inspiring men and women to lead lives based on a
moral code and still, today, changing the course of history. Two
thousand years on it is all too easy to wonder whether the
speeches of any of our contemporary leaders — Clinton, Major, Kohl or
Mitterrand, Pope John Paul, Archbishop George Carey or the mullahs
of Iran — will still be read in the year 4,000, let alone with any
inspirational effect. Even as global television magnifies the power of

E - otatory and propels contemporary speakers to audiences undreamt of in
_ the days of Chatham and Fox, Webster and Lincoln, Disraeli and

Gladstone — audiences counted in hundreds of millions — contemporary
wisdom mourns the decline of oratory. Yet, as this anthology
_ demonstrates, the twentieth century has produced speakers — Gandhi,
Roosevelt, Hitler, Churchill — who stand comparison with the greatest

E orators of the past; and even in the 1990s the speeches of Vaclav Havel

_ and Nelson Mandela transcend national boundaries and inspire mankind.
The aim of this anthology is to collect together some of the greatest

“speeches made during our (mainly Western) history and to show their
power to move hearts or inspire great deeds, to uplift spirits or cast
down enemies. Studying oratory, moreover, offers powerful insights
into the motives and ideals of the men and women who made history.
‘There is a bias towards speeches that still read well, which were spoken
nobly and with eloquence, and which contained phrases — or soundbites
— that were immortal. Most of the speeches changed votes or changed

minds and swayed the course of history whether within their nations or

across the world. Many have the poetry and the beauty of great
literature. Above all, they were genuinely historic.

When Demosthenes spoke, he roused the Athenians to maach on
Philip of Macedonia. When Cicero spoke, even Caesar trembled —

_ and only when Demosthenes and Cicero were silenced did despotism _
_ trtlumph in Greece and Rome. When Queen Elizabeth I spoke, men _
bowed at her knees. Yet when John Pym raised the ‘cry of England’, a

< king lost his head. When James Otis and Andrew Hamilton and John — :

 
xv Introduction
ee ee ee ee ee eS eee ee ee ee eee

Hancock defied the British colonialists they raised the flag of American
independence.

‘Who can doubt,’ said the great American orator Daniel Webstey
‘that in our struggle for independence, the majestic eloquence of
Chatham, the profound reasoning of Burke ... had influence on our
fortunes in America? They tended to diminish the confidence of the
British ministry in their hopes to subject us. There was not a reading
man who did not struggle more boldly for his rights when those
exhilarating sounds, uttered in the two Houses of Parliament, reached
him across the seas.’ Mirabeau, by the power of his oratory, directed
the storm of the French Revolution. When he told the King’s emis-
saty: “Slave, go tell your master that we are led by the will of the
‘people and will depart only at the point of the bayonet,’ his words
sounded the trumpet throughout Europe and sealed the fate of Louis
XVI.

_ When the nullifiers of South Carolina threatened the federal Constitu-
tion, it was Webster himself who raised the banner. ‘As the champion of ©
New England closed the memorable peroration of his reply to Hayne,’
according to one contemporary account, ‘the silence of death rested —
upon the crowded Senate chamber ... The sharp rap of the President’s

hammer could hardly awaken the adicaze from the trance into which
the orator had thrown them.’ |

The speeches of Lord Chatham (William Pitt the Elder) feature
strongly in any discussion of oratory. Their power, the power detected
actoss the sea by Webster and the power which throbs throughout this —
Se was nevet better captured than by William Hazlitt: ‘His —
genius . . . burnt brightest at the last. The spark of liberty which had lain
ee copeetind- and dormant, buried under the dirt and rubbish of state —
intrigue and vulgar faction, now met with congenial matter and kindled —

up “a flame of sacred vehemence” in his breast. It burst forth with a _
, fury and a splendour that might have awed the world and made kings: a
tremble. He spoke as a man should speak, because he felt as a man :
should feel in such circumstances. He came forward as the advocate of ©
liberty, as the defender of the rights of his fellow citizens, as the enemy — |

of tyranny, as the friend of his country and of mankind .. . He did not
_ try to prove those truths which did not require any proof but to make
others feel them with the same force that he did and to tear off the

flimsy disguises with which the sycophants of power attempted to co ;
: eee. The Bushes: of the orator is not to convince, roe Lae nae os

 

 

 

 
Introduction XVM

 

mankind (for reason of itself will do nothing) and to add feeling to
prejudice, and action to feeling.’

It is that power which this anthology celebrates, but oratorical power
does not arise only from passionate declamation. Abraham Lincoln, the
greatest American orator, demonstrated the equal power of passionate
conviction allied to simple but eloquent words, quietly spoken, unheard,
indeed, by many who thronged the cemetery when the Gettysburg
address was delivered. The main address at Gettysburg that day was
delivered by Edward Everett, president of Harvard and considered then
the best American orator of his day. Everett spoke in his ornate, florid
and mannered style for two hours and nobody now remembers a word
of what he said. When Lincoln delivered a few dedicatory ‘temarks’, he
spoke 270 words. Yet in those ten sentences he delivered the best short

_ speech since the Sermon on the Mount.

_ Apart from the Sermon on the Mount, no speech has been so heavily

analysed by scholars. A study of the Gettysburg address nevertheless

teases out several of the issues that so preoccupy scholars and critics of
modern oratory and its alleged decline. Lincoln himself considered his

speech a failure. Yet as Garry Wills, the latest scholar, argues, Lincoln
__used words as weapons of peace which called up a new nation out of the

blood and trauma of war. So the Civil War is to most Americans what

Lincoln wanted it to mean, a war against slavery for the equality of

man. According to Wills, all modern political prose descends from the

= _ Gettysburg address. Those 272 words rendered obsolete the style of

Everett and forged a new, lean language to redeem the first modern war.

As has happened with each generational change in the style of
oratory, it was that ‘new’ language, used as Lincoln adapted to the
development of telegraphy, that undoubtedly baffled his contemporary

Cfitics, just as the generation that followed the era of Chatham and

Burke and Fox was critical of the pedestrian speech of the age of Peel.

Chatham and Fox addressed an aristocratic society in an aristocratic age.

The great speakers were drawn from a few families, often connected by

intermarriage, educated at the same few schools and the ancient universi- _
ties of Oxford and Cambridge, where they were schooled in public _

speech. When William Pitt the Younger went up to Cambridge, ee
_ father insisted that he made a special study of Thucydides. Pitt responded

gladly and read and translated the celebrated orators of the ancient : :
world. He was as familiar with Virgil, Horace, Cicero and Juvenal ; as

ee Shakespeare.

When Pitt and his ‘contemporaries went to the House of Commons, i

 

 
XVUL Introduction

they quoted their favourite authors, surpassed each other’s efforts,
understood their rivals’ quotations — and dissected, criticized and

ap-
plauded each other’s speeches. They addressed a small, self-admiring
social caste. After the Reform Bill of 1832, Parliament changed — and so

did the style of speaking, as Members of Parliament adapted to a
concern with legislation rather than administration and with a House
that was often empty. With the rise in power of the whips and the rival
party machines, moreover, there were fewer independently minded MPs
and speeches became more standardized. Yet this era of ‘decline’ was the

age of Peel, Brougham, Disraeli, Bright and Gladstone.
_ As Lloyd George, Churchill and Roosevelt adapted subsequently to
the age of the wireless, critics again mourned the state of oratory, as
they do today in the age of global television, even though it is this age
that has brought us John F. Kennedy, Martin Luther King and Nelson
_ Mandela and given more powerful worldwide power and effect to their
_ speeches than Chatham or Webster or Lincoln could have dreamed of.
_ Oratory, therefore, is always in decline, yet somehow is always surviving
as the supreme art of politicians, the principal criterion by which they

are judged and by which they seize and maintain pores and address
a their parties and followers. —

_ What has changed — which is wher the Gettysburg address crops up
: (oie: albeit incidentally — is that most great speeches are now prepared
_ by a team of speechwriters instead of by the orators themselves, a
tradition that survived into the early twentieth century. President Roose-
-velt, for instance, wrote the first draft of his 1933 inaugural in four

hours and only then submitted it to scrutiny, and Churchill wrote and
rehearsed his own speeches.

It was President Kennedy in 1961 who made liberal | use of speech-
writers, notably Theodore Sorensen, and who offers us the most detailed
insight into the making of a modern speech. Sorensen’s first instruction
from the incoming president was to study the Gettysburg address. His
conclusion, which applied to the drafting of Kennedy’s inaugural (see the
use of biblical quotation and the use of ‘Let’ to start eight sentences),
was that Lincoln never used a two- or three-syllable word where a one- |
syllable word would do and never used two or three words where one
would do. Kennedy also instructed Sorensen that he wanted the shortest _
inaugural of the century, focusing on foreign policy, neither partisan,

   
  

 

pessimistic nor critical of his predecessor. Above all it should set the y
tone for the Kennedy era that was about to begin. a
_ Serious drafting began a week before the address was due. Page

 
Introduction XIX

 

paragraphs and complete drafts had poured in, solicited from J.K.
Galbraith, Arthur Schlesinger, Adlai Stevenson and others, unsolicited
from newsmen and strangers. Biblical quotations were obtained from
Billy Graham and Isaac Franck, director of Washington’s Jewish Commu-
nity Council. Sorensen describes Kennedy’s dissatisfaction with each
attempt to outline domestic goals, ending with a decision to drop the
‘domestic stuff’ and eliminate all ‘I’s from the address. Sorensen also

shows the evolution of a great speech. When he accepted nomination,
Kennedy said:

Man ... has taken into his mortal hands the power to exterminate
the entire species some seven times over.

By the inaugural, that sentence had been polished by the speechwriters
into something simpler and more eloquent:

For man holds in his mortal hands the power to abolish all forms
of human poverty and all forms of human life.

The opening sentence had three drafts:

We celebrate today not a victory of party but the sacrament of
democracy,

ee

We celebrate today not a victory of party but a convention of
freedom, 7

and finally...

We observe today not a victory of party but a celebration of
freedom,

Meanwhile the phrase that is most often quoted was transformed
between September campaigning and the January inaugural from:

We do not campaign stressing what our country is going to do for
_ us as people. We stress what we can do for our country, all of us,

to a sentence that is still quoted mote than thirty years later:

And so, my fellow Americans, ask not what your country can do
_ for you; ask what you can do for your country. |

The question that lingers after this exegesis of the 1961 inaugural — as it a

also does of the speeches crafted for Ronald Reagan by his speechwriter
‘i Peggy Noonan — is whether the address was by Kennedy or by Sorenses.

    
 

 
NX Introduction

The answer has to be that it was Kennedy’s speech. It was he who knew
what he wanted, he who insisted on draft after draft until he got what he
wanted, and he who both delivered the address and accepted the
responsibility for the ideals he set forth. So, too, it was Reagan’s sincere

and schmaltzy delivery of Noonan’s words that worked the alchemy on
her speeches and made people weep.

One criticism that may be made of this anthology, certainly in the
1990s, is that it features so few women. There are three reasons. One is
that until the emancipation of Western women in the mid twentieth
centuty few featured on the great stages of world politics. Another,
given by some feminists, is that women have wanted no part in the
macho game of domination by speech. The third is physical - women’s
voices are not made by nature for oratory. They are not deep enough (as
Margaret Thatcher discovered until she trained herself to acquire more
depth to her voice and was no longer described as shrill).

Voice, moreover, is the most important asset of the orator. According
_.to Lloyd George, speeches succeeded by a combination of word, voice
and gesture in moving their audiences to the action the orator desired.
As we read the speeches in this anthology, we go back to the days when
orators addressed their audiences directly, without the restraining inter-
_ vention of radio and television, and attracted thousands to walk miles to
_ hear them — and when word, voice and gesture were crucial, whether in
attracting the crowds or dominating Parliament or Senate.
Chatham, with his flashing eye and forbidding manner, owed his
supremacy as much to his voice as to his other gifts. He could roar so
loud in the Lords that he could almost be heard in the Commons, yet s

whisper so as to be heard on the furthest bench. At the age of twenty- —
one, William Pitt the Younger ruled Britain by the sonorous depths of ©
his voice, a voice that filled the House of Commons with its sound.
Although he had a shrill, penetrating voice, Charles James Fox learned
=> t0-Qse-it well, at times pitching his tone low to good effect, and his rapid | ;
rate of speaking had a compelling quality that swept his listeners along
- with him. Webster’s voice, described as deep, tich, musical and of .
= prodigious volume and force, was compared to an organ, as were the ~
- voices of Daniel O’Connell and William Gladstone. Robert Peel had a
_ strong flexible voice that could range effortlessly from soft persuasi
- mess to sonorous defiance, from sly banter to a grave —s that
, hushed the Commons to silence.
_ Although it is not always obvious from the page, there is still a
_ to be gained from setting the speakers who feature in this antholog

 

=
—

    
  
 
 
 
   
 
   
 

 

Introduction ML

to the stages from which they spoke and to try to sense the excitement

_ they generated. How, for instance, did the vast multitudes that Daniel

O’Connell drew to Mullaghmast manage to hear his speech when there
wete no microphones? ‘It was this way, said one of the old men, who
was there. “Ihe people said there was half a million of men, not

counting women. It was a mighty gathering. Everybody heard Dan. For
Dan raised his hand and told all about the platform to repeat his words.

He said “Silence”, and silence came to us as the wind upon the barley.

__ Then each man oe after Dan, and every other man said the words,

and out to us all on the edge of the crowd came the speech of Dan

O'Connell.”

With his melodious VOICE, ‘Gidenre could es attract. the crowds.
“The outstanding feature of Gladstone’s oratory,’ says his biographer |

Philip Magnus, ‘was the way in which it was adapted to its audience. He
_ combined in an unusual degree the arts of exposition and debate. He had

an unerring instinct for any weak points in an opponent’s argument and

he would swoop on them like a hawk . . . Beneath that smooth expression

an unseen volcano blazed. It erupted at intervals and shot forth pillars of
flame and clouds of smoke. The controls were colossal but Gladstone’s
mind was seismic ... He used the masses to provide himself with the
tesponse which his nature craved but which he had ceased to find in the
social world in which he moved. He rewarded the masses ... by

_ appealing not to their self-interest but to their self-respect. He invested

them with the quality of a supreme tribunal before which the greatest
causes could be tried. And by that means he completed, in the political
field, the work of spiritual emancipation which Wesley had begun .. .
The mood which Gladstone kindled was one which priests, orators,

: _ poets and artists have sought to kindle throughout the ages. It is the

= in which mortal men are made to » feel that they are somehow —
“greater than they know”’.’ |
Orators, in that tribute to Gladstone, are placed alongside artists,
poets and priests. It is the aim of this anthology to show that that is
where they belong — that the great historic speeches of the past and the

_ Pfesent can still be read with the pleasure that comes with reading the

Sfeatest poetry and literature and the profit that comes from understand- — :
ing the historical forces that have shaped our world. 3 ee

 
 

 

 

 

we ee “ e a oe bs iM, al co
- A s : i as £ so
> ‘
* uit i om %
E -
wi *
e
x. :
a 2 *.
‘

&
, > : :

 
MOSES
c¢. 1250 Be

“Thou shalt not .

As a child in Egypt, Moses was saved from the slaughter of all male Jewish
children by being hidden in bulrushes in the Nile. He was found and brought up by
one of Pharaoh's daughters in the Egyptian court. He became a prophet and
lawgiver and led the people of Israel out of Egypt. After forty years’ wandering in
the desert wilderness, they drew within sight of the promised land of Canaan.
Moses called his people together on Mount Sinai, where he delivered the Ten
Commandments, one of the two most influential speeches in Western cwilization.

Hear, O Israel, the statutes and judgements which I speak in your ears
this day, that ye may learn them, and keep and do them.
The Lord our God made a covenant with us in Horeb.
The Lord made not this covenant with our fathers, but with us, even
us, who are all of us here alive this day. eer
The Lord talked with you face to face in the mount out of the midst
of the fire (I stood between the Lord and you at that time, to shew you
the word of the Lord: for ye were afraid by reason of the fire, and went
not up into the mount), saying, |
I am the Lord thy God, which pieen thee out eA the laa of Eeypt, .
from the house of bondage.
Thou shalt have none other gods before me. 2
Thou shalt not make thee any graven image, or any likeness of —
anything that is in heaven above, or that is in the earth beneath, or that —
is in the waters beneath the earth: 3
Thou shalt not bow down thyself unto them, nor serve them: Fes I
__ the Lord thy God am a jealous God, visiting the iniquity of the fathers
~ upon the children unto the third and fourth BeeiGe of them that hate
me, pc
And shewing mercy unto thousands of them that love me and keep *
my commandments. = 3 oe
Thou shalt not take the name of the Lord thy God in vain: for the
Lord will not hold him guiltless that taketh his name in vain. —
Keep the sabbath day to —: it, as the Lord = God th
commanded thee. fe 4 <a me

 

 
4 Moses: ‘Thou shalt not...’

 

Six days thou shalt labour, and do all thy work:

But the seventh day is the sabbath of the Lord thy God: in it thou
shalt not do any work thou, nor thy son, nor thy daughter, nor thy

‘manservant, nor thy maidservant, nor thine ox, nor thine ass, nor any of
thy cattle, nor thy stranger that is within thy gates; that thy manservant
and thy maidservant may rest as well as thou.

And remember that thou wast a servant in the land of Egypt, and that
the Lord thy God brought thee out thence through a mighty hand and
by a stretched out arm: therefore the Lord thy God commanded thee to
keep the sabbath day. |

Honour thy father and thy mother, as the Lord thy God hath
commanded thee: that thy days may be prolonged, and that it may go
well with thee, in the land which the Lord thy God giveth thee.

Thou shalt not kill.

Neither shalt thou commit adultery.

Neither shalt thou steal.

Neither shalt thou bear false witness against thy neighbour. :

_ Neither shalt thou desire thy neighbour’s wife, neither shalt thou
‘covet thy neighbour’s house, his field, or his manservant, or his maidserv-
" ant, his ox, or his ass, or anything that is thy neighbour’s.

These words the Lord spake unto all your assembly in the mount out
of the midst of the fire, of the cloud, and of the thick darkness, with a
great voice: and he added no more. And he wrote them in two tables of —
stone, and delivered them unto me. 3 a

And it came to pass, when ye heard the voice out of the midst of the ~

_ darkness (for the mountain did burn with fire), that ye came near unto — >
= _ me, even all the heads of your scribes, and your elders; _ : 3 =
oe Kind ye said, Behold, the Lord our God hath shewed us his glory a a
“his gteatness, and we have heard his voice out of the midst of the fire:

_ we nave seen this day that God doth talk with man, and a liveth, |

   
 

     
     
   

ae: if we or the voice of the aa out God ns mote, ‘then we ‘sha
os ee die. :
— For who is there of all flesh, that hath heard Hes voice of the liv
a a out of the midst of the fire, as we hare, and ‘Teed s

 
 
RwVLILILS, LAEISOHESD CFTUM HS IEF SUS A
A eee am ceateetasis-neneedinrsirsneantiteiym esas ystessalnsustenoensetisnenehsensstsieipetetnetenatiiendiaseisssinsiiasasentis

people, which they have spoken unto thee: they have well said all that
they have spoken.
O that there were such an heart in them, that they would fear me, and

keep all my commandments always, that it might be well with them, and
with their children for ever!

Go say to them, Get you into your tents again.

But as for thee, stand thou here by me, and I will speak unto thee all
the commandments, and the statutes, and the judgements, which thou
shalt teach them, that they may do them in the land which I give them
to possess it.

Ye shall observe to do therefore as the Lord your God hath com-

manded you: ye shall not turn aside to the right hand or to the left.

Ye shall walk in all the ways which the Lord your God hath
commanded you, that ye may live, and that it may be well with you, and
that ye may prolong | your days in the land which ak a possess. |

7 Deuteronomy 5.
Authorized Version -

 

PERICLES
eS BC

A thens crowns her sons’

The funeral oration which Thucydides puts in the mouth of Pericles, the Athenian
statesman, is one of the great statements of human achievement, an apologia for the
democratic principles and system of government of Athens. It was delivered during
the winter = 431-430 Bc at the ee we the dead in battle of the ——
— War. Ee ;
Modern translations of the speeches of Pericles, Dindshent and § ocrates can
leave the reader with only a tantalizing insight into their greatness. This extract is
from a translation by Benjamin Jowett, i= = of Greek at Oxford
baer rom 1855 to Lig Se =

In the hour of trial Athens alone among her contemporaries is superior —

_ to the report of her. No enemy who comes against her is indignant at

_ the reverses which he sustains at the hands of such a city; no subject
complains that his 1 masters are unworthy of him. And we shall assuredly

ee

 
6 Pericles: “A thens crowns her sons’

not be without witnesses, there are mighty monuments of our powe;
which will make us the wonder of this and of succeeding ages; we ghajj
not need the praises of Homer or of any other panegyrist whose poetry
may please for the moment, although his representation of the facts wij]
not bear the light of day. For we have compelled every land and every
sea to open a path for our valour, and have everywhere planted eterna]
memorials of our friendship and of our enmity: Such is the city for
whose sake these men nobly fought and died; they could not bear the
thought that she might be taken from them; and every one of us who
sutvive should gladly toil on her behalf.

I have dwelt upon the greatness of Athens because I want to show
you that we are contending for a higher prize than those who enjoy
none of these privileges, and to establish by manifest proof the merit of
these men whom I am now commemorating. Their loftiest praise has
been already spoken. For in magnifying the city I have magnified them,

-and men like them whose virtues made her glorious. And of how few
Hellenes can it be said as of them, that their deeds when weighed in the
balance have been found equal to their fame! Methinks that a death such
as theirs has been gives the true measure of a man’s worth; it may be the
first revelation of his virtues, but is at any rate their final seal. For even
those who come short in other ways may justly plead the valour with
which they have fought for their country; they have blotted out the evil
with the good, and have benefited the state more by their public services
_ than they have injured her by their private actions. None of these men
were enervated by wealth or hesitated to resign the pleasures of life;
none of them put off the evil day in the hope, natural to poverty, that a
man, though poor, may one day become rich. But, deeming that the
punishment of their enemies was sweeter than any of these things, and
__ that they could fall in no nobler cause, they determined at the hazard of
their lives to be honourably avenged, and to leave the test. They tre-
es signed to hope their unknown chance of happiness; but in the face of death
~~ they resolved to rely upon themselves alone. And when the moment _
came they were minded to resist and suffer, rather than to fly and save - é
__ their lives; they ran away from the word of dishonour, but on the battle-
ea field their feet stood fast, and in an instant, at the height of their fortune,

- _ they passed away from the scene, not of their fear, but of their glory.” ms
we Such was the end of these men; they were worthy of Athens, and the

_ living need not desire to have a mote heroic spirit, although they may

 

 
 

F
oe
re.

eo
acd

7 pt
Be
te
Bi

va
he

3

ve

a

A

i

:

their own lost ones, but the city will be doubly a gainer. She will not be —

Pericles: “Athens crowns her sons’ Ve

 

advantages of a brave defence. But instead of listening to him I would

have you day by day fix your eyes upon the greatness of Athens, until
you become filled with the love of her; and when you are impressed by

the spectacle of her glory, reflect that this empire has been acquired by
men who knew their duty and had the courage to do it, who in the hour
of conflict had the fear of dishonour always present to them, and who, if
ever they failed in an enterprise, would not allow their virtues to be lost
to their country, but freely gave their lives to her as the fairest offering
which they could present at her feast. The sacrifice which they collec-
tively made was individually repaid to them; for they received again each
one for himself a praise which grows not old, and the noblest of all
sepulchres — I speak not of that in which their remains are laid, but of
that in which their glory survives, and is proclaimed always and on
every fitting occasion both in word and deed. For the whole earth is the
sepulchre of famous men; not only are they commemorated by columns
and inscriptions in their own country, but in foreign lands there dwells
also an unwritten memorial of them, graven not on stone but in the
hearts of men. Make them your examples, and, esteeming courage to be
freedom and freedom to be happiness, do not weigh too nicely the perils —
of war. The unfortunate who has no hope of a change for the better has
less reason to throw away his life than the prosperous who, if he
survive, is always liable to a change for the worse, and to whom any
accidental fall makes the most serious difference. To a man of spirit,
cowardice and disaster coming together are far more bitter than death
striking him unperceived at a time when he is full of courage and
animated by the general hope.

Wherefore I do not now commiserate the parents of the dead who
stand here; I would rather comfort them. You know that your life has

been passed amid manifold vicissitudes; and that they may be deemed

_ fortunate who have gained most honour, whether an honourable death

like theirs, or an honourable sorrow like yours, and whose days have
been so ordered that the term of their happiness is likewise the term of
their life. I know how hard it is to make you feel this, when the good
fortune of others will too often remind you of the gladness which once

lightened your hearts. And sorrow is felt at the want of those blessings,

not which a man never knew, but which were a part of his life before :
they were taken from him. Some of you are of an age at which they may —

hope to have other children, and they ought to bear their sorrow better;

hot only will the children who may hereafter be born make them forget —

 
8 Socrates: ‘No evil can happen to a good man’
re ee ee

left desolate, and she will be safer. For a man’s counsel cannot have
equal weight or worth, when he alone has no children to risk in the
general danger. To those of you who have passed their prime, I say;
‘Congratulate yourselves that you have been happy during the greater
part of your days; remember that your life of sorrow will not last long,
and be comforted by the glory of those who are gone. For the love of
honour alone is ever young, and not riches, as some say, but honour is
the delight of men when they are old and useless.’

To you who are the sons and brothers of the departed, I see that the

thought, I do not say to equal, but even to approach them. The living
have their rivals and detractors, but when a man is out of the way, the
honour and goodwill which he receives is unalloyed. And, if I am to
Speak of womanly virtues to those of you who will henceforth be
== widows, let me sum them up in one short admonition: To a woman not
; to show more weakness than is natural to her sex is a great glory, and
not to be talked about for good or forevilamong men. __
I have paid the required tribute, in obedience to the law, making use
_ of such fitting words as I had. The tribute of deeds has been paid in
part; for the dead have been honourably interred, and it remains only
that their children should be maintained at the public charge until they _
_ are grown up: this is the solid prize with which, as with a garland,
Athens crowns her sons living and dead, after a struggle like theirs. For
where the rewards of virtue are greatest, there the noblest citizens ate

enlisted in the service of the state. And now, when you have duly
lamented, every one his own dead, you may depart. an

 
  

SOCRATES
399 BC

“No evil can happen to a good man’ ine : Sea

 
 
  
 
 
 

The Greek philosopher Socrates (469-399 BC) was born in A thens, where ee
Spent his life and died. With Plato and Aristotle, he is one of the a
figures in ancient philosophy. The ‘Socratic method’ was to ask for definitions of
«concepts like justice and courage, to elicit by cross-examination contradiction

the responses of his interlocutors, and by demonstrating their inconsisten

 
Socrates: ‘No evil can happen to a good man’ 9
be ae ee eee ee

prompt them to profounder thought. It was this unpopular activity which contrib-
yted to demands for his conviction for impiety and ‘corrupting youth’. At the age
of seventy he was tried, found guilty, and sentenced to die by drinking hemlock.

At his trial, Socrates spoke eloquently in his defence.

Thou doest wrong to think that a man of any use at all is to weigh the
risk of life or death, and not to consider one thing only, whether when
he acts he does the right thing or the wrong, performs the deeds of a
good man ora bad...

If I should be found to be wiser than the multitude, it would be in this,
that having no adequate knowledge of the Beyond, I do not presume that
I have it. But one thing I do know, and that is that to do injustice or turn
my back on the better is alike an evil and a disgrace. And never shalll fear _
a possible good, rather than avoid a certain evil ... If you say to me,
‘Socrates, Anytus fails to convince us, we let you go on condition that
you no longer spend your life in this search, and that you give up ~
philosophy, but if you are caught at it again you must die’ — my reply is ~
‘Men of Athens, I honour and love you, but I shall obey God rather than

_ you, and while I breathe, and have the strength, I shall never turn from 4
philosophy, nor from warning and admonishing any of you I come across
not to disgrace your citizenship of a great city renowned for its wisdom
and strength, by giving your thought to reaping the largest possible _
harvest of wealth and honour and glory, and giving neither thought nor _

care that you may reach the best in judgement, truth, and the soul’...

So God bids, and I consider that never has a greater good been done
you, than through my ministry in the city. For it is my one business to
go about to persuade young and old alike not to make their bodies and
their riches their first and their engrossing care, but rather to give it to
the perfecting of their soul. Virtue springs not from possessions, but
from vittue sptings possessions and all other human blessings, whether
for the individual or for society. If that 1s to corrupt the youth, then it is
mischievous. But that and nothing else is my offending, and he lies who _
says else. Further I would say, O Athenians, you can believe Anytus or

not, you may acquit or not, but I shall not alter my conduct, no, not ifI
have to die a score of deaths. 2

 

es
an

#
on

e -
ee

Uproar ensued on these words in court, but Socrates appealed for a hearing, andwenton. —

ae

tegen

You can assure yourselves of this that, being what I say, if you put me
to death, you will not be doing greater injury to me than to yourselves. _

 
10 Socrates: ‘No evil can happen to a good man’

 

To do me wrong is beyond the power of a Meletus or an Anytus,
Heaven permits not the better man to be wronged by the worse. Death,
exile, disgrace — Anytus and the average man may count these great
evils, not I. A far greater evil is to do as he is now doing, trying to do
away with a fellow-being unjustly.

O Athenians, I am far from pleading, as one might expect, for myself;
it is for you I plead lest you should err as concerning the gift of God
given unto you, by condemning me. If you put me to death you will not
easily find another of my sort, who, to use a metaphor that may cause
some laughter, am attached by God to the state, as a kind of gadfly to a
big generous horse, rather slow because of its very bigness and in need
of being waked up. As such and to that end God has attached me to the
city, and all day long and everywhere I fasten on you, rousing and
persuading and admonishing you .

Be not angry with me speaking The truth, for no man will escape alive
who honourably and sincerely opposes you or any other mob, and puts
his foot down before the many unjust and unrighteous things that
= ‘would otherwise happen in the city. The man who. really fights for
= - justice and right, even if he expects but a short career, untouched, must
ry _occupy a private not a public station .
Clearly, if I tried to persuade you aed overcame you by entreaty,
Fivhen you have taken the oath of judge, I should be teaching you not to
believe that there are gods, and my very defence would be a conviction
- that I do not pay them regard. But that is far from being so. I believe in
_ them as no one of my accusers believes. And to you I commit my cause
and to God, to judge me as seemeth best for me and for you.

   

Then the result ts declared amid a strained hush — ‘Guilty. a ocrates again stands
forth to speak.

| Men of Athens, many things kecp me from being grieved that you >
have convicted me. What has happened was not unexpected by me.I am _
rather surprised at the number of votes on either side. ] did not think |
the majority would be so little. As it is the transference of thirty votes :
would have acquitted me . | os
A fine life it would be for one at my age always being driven out from ca
one city and changing to another. For I know that whithersoever I gothe —
young men will listen to my words, just as here. If I drive them away, |
they themselves will have me cast out, and if I don’t drive them away :
their fathers and relatives will cast me out for their sakes.

 
 
  

 

 
Demosthenes: ‘I have always made common cause with the people’ 17
a ee ee

Again there is an anxious interval while the jurors decide between the penalties.
When the decision is announced, the word is ‘Death.’

O men, hard it is not to avoid death, it is far harder to avoid
wrongdoing. It runs faster than death. I being slow and stricken in years
am caught by the slower, but my accusers, sharp and clever as they are,
by the swifter wickedness. And now I go to pay the debt of death at
your hands, but they to pay the debt of crime and unrighteousness at the
hand of Truth. I for my part shall abide by the award; let them see to it
also. Perhaps somehow these things were to be, and I think it is well. . .

Wherefore, O Judges, be of good cheer about death, and know of a
certainty that no evil can happen to a good man, either in life or after
death. He and his are not neglected by the gods, nor has my own
approaching end happened by mere chance. But I see clearly that to die
and be released was better for me; and therefore the oracle gave no sign.
For which reason, also, I am not angry with my condemners, or with —
my accusers; they have done me no harm, although they did not mean to
do me any good; and for this I may gently blame them.

Still I have a favour to ask of them. When my sons are grown up, I
would ask you, O my friends, to punish them, and I would have you
trouble them, as I have troubled you, if they seem to care about riches,
or anything, more than about virtue; or if they pretend to be something
when they are really nothing, then reprove them, as I have reproved
you, for not caring about that for which they ought to care, and
thinking that they are something when they are really nothing. And if
you do this, I and my sons will have received justice at your hands.

The hour of departure has arrived, and we go our ways — I to die, and
you to live. Which is better God only knows.

 

DEMOSTHENES.
Sac =

‘T have ae made common cause with the people”

The speech Seltoored by the Athenian statesman Demosthenes (384-322 oe ae
his trial is considered the greatest speech of the ancient world’s greatest orator. ee ice
| modern standards it is long and often obscure; its greatness, mor ee us ‘ile

 

 
 

12 Demosthenes: ‘I have always made common cause with the people’
ee Se ipl See

 

to capture in translation, even in this early nineteenth century version by
Lord Brougham, the eminent British politician and soctal reformer.

From 351 Bc, Demosthenes led the desperate struggle of the Athenians ty
maintain the freedom of the city states against the imperialist ambitions of Philip
of Macedon. His speeches denouncing Philip — the Philippics — incited thy,
Athenians to war, but resulted in the defeat of Chaeronta in 338 and th
establishment of Macedonian supremacy.

A proposal to award Demosthenes a loser’s crown was opposed by Aeschines,
who had negotiated the peace with Philip. At his trial Aeschines set out to destroy
Demosthenes, whose courage is demonstrated in his speech. He turns the attack on

A eschines, assesses his career, dares to state unpopular truths, and demolishes his
opponent.

| lenry

It was my lot, Aeschines, when a boy, to frequent the schools suited to
my station, and to have wherewithal to avoid doing anything mean
through want. When I emerged from boyhood, I did as was consistent
with my origin; filled the office of Choregus, furnished galleys, contrib-
uted to the revenue, and was wanting in no acts of munificence, public
ot private, but ready to aid both my country and my friends. When I
entered into public life, I deemed it proper to choose the course which
led to my being repeatedly crowned both by this country and the other
_ Greek states, so that not even you, my enemies, will now venture to
_ pronounce the ee I took other than honourable. Such then were my
- fortunes .

_ But you, pe ile man, who look down upon others, see what kind
of fortunes were yours compared with mine! Brought up from your _
z boyhood in abject poverty, you both were helper in your father’s school, — z
and you ground the ink, sponged the forms, and swept the room, doing x

the work of a household slave, not of a freeborn youth. When grown _

up, you recited your mother’s books as she performed her mysteries, and —
you helped in her other trickeries. At night, dressed like a bacchanal,

; eat draining the goblet, and purifying the initiated, and rubbing them
with clay and with bran, rising from the lustration, you ordered them to —

ty, ‘I’ve fled the evil; I’ve found the good’; bragging that none ever
oared Fe oad before; and I a I anes it; for do not sate thats re

 

    

| f policy (ever since the plan struck your nin
heh, as le as the Piste’ mutiales you led the ome of tl
Demosthenes: ‘I have always made common cause with the people’ 13

ee ee

offences of which you were conscious; but when all others were suffering,
you were seen in high spirits by all. But he who was so cheerful after the
death of thousands of his fellow-citizens, what does he deserve to suffer
at the hands of the survivors? ...

Draw then the parallel between your life and mine, Aeschines, quietly
and not acrimontously; and demand of this audience which of the two
each of them had rather choose for his own. You were an usher — I a
scholar; you were an initiator — I was initiated; you danced at the games
— I presided over them; you were a clerk of the Assembly, I a member;
you, a third-rate actor, I a spectator; you were constantly breaking down
— I always hissing you; your measures were all in the enemy’s favour —
mine always in the country’s; and, in a word, now on this day the
question as to me is whether or not I shall be crowned, while nothing
whatever is alleged against my integrity; while it is your lot to appear
already as a calumniator, and the choice of evils before you is that of still

continuing your trade, or being put to silence by failing to obtain a fifth
of the votes... |

Among all other men I observe these principles and these distinctions
to prevail. Does any one wilfully do wrong? He is the object of
indignation and of punishment. Does any one commit an error uninten-
tionally? He is pardoned, not punished. Has one who neither does any
wrong nor commits any error devoted himself to a course which to all
appeared expedient, and has he been in common with all disappointed of
success? It is not fair to reprobate or to attack him, but to condole with |
him. All this is established not only in all our jurisprudence, but by
Nature herself in her unwritten laws, and in the very constitution of the
human mind. Thus has Aeschines so far surpassed all other men in
cruelty and calumny, that those same es which he enumerates as
misfortunes he also imputes to me as crimes .

In what circumstances then ought a statesman and an orator to be
vehement? When the State is in jeopardy upon the ruin of affairs — when =
the people are in conflict with the enemy — then it is that the strenuous
and patriotic citizen appears. But when Aeschines cannot pretend to
have any ground whatever for even charging me with any offence in
public life, or, I will add, in private, either in the name of the country or
his own — for him to come forwatd with a vamped up attack on my
‘crowning and my honours, and to waste so many words upon this
subject, is the working of personal spite and envy, and a little mind, and
Poe no good man. 3 eee y

_ To me, indeed, Aeschines, it appears from these speeches of VOUT, as

 
14 Demosthenes: ‘I have always made common cause with the people’
eee

if you had instituted this impeachment through a desire of making a
display of vociferation, not of punishing any one’s misconduct. For it js
not the speech of the orator, Aeschines, that avails, nor yet the compass
of his voice, but his feeling in unison with the community and bearing
enmity or affection towards them whom his country loves or hates. He
that thus possesses his soul speaks ever with right feeling. But he that
bows to those from whom the country has danger to apprehend, does
not anchor in the same roadstead with the people; accordingly he does
not look for safety from the same quarter. But mark me, I do: for I have
always made common cause with the people, nor have I ever taken any
course for my peculiar and individual interest. Can you say as much?

_ Then how? — You, who, instantly after the battle, went on the embassy
to Philip, the cause of all that in these times befell your country; and that
after refusing the office at all former periods, as every one knows? — But
who deceives the country? Is it not he that says one thing and thinks
another? And who is he upon whom at every assembly solemn execration

__ is proclaimed? Is it not such a man as this? What worse charge can any
one bring against an orator than that his words and his sentiments do
not tally? Yet you have been discovered to be such a man; and you still
_ lift your voice and dare to look this assembly in the face! . . .

What alliance ever accrued to the country of your making? Or what

_ Succours, or goodwill, or glory of your gaining? Or what embassy, or _
_ what other public functions, whereby the state acquired honour? What
_ domestic affair, or concern of the Greek states, or of strangers, over
_ which you presided, was ever set right through you? What galleys, what
_ armaments, what arsenals, what repairs of the walls, what cavalry? In
- what one of all these particulars have you ever ptoved useful? What
_ benefit has ever accrued to either rich or poor from your fortunes? _

None. — “But, hark!’ says some one, ‘if nothing of all this was done, at
least there existed good dispositions and public spirit.” Where? When?
_ you most wicked of men? — Your contributing nothing was not owing to
_ your poverty but to your taking special care nothin

 

 

   
 
  
  

  
  

_ 4 first-rate actor — the Theocrines of the stage! . . .
Two qualities, men of
} Cicero: ‘A mong us you can dwell no longer’ 15

2 ee eee

. firm mind and the course suited to his countty’s pre-eminence, and on

| all occasions and in all his actions the spirit of patriotism. This belongs
to our nature; victory and might are under the dominion of another
power. These dispositions you will find to have been absolutely inherent
in me. For observe; neither when my head was demanded, nor when
they dragged me before the Amphyctions, nor when they threatened,
nor when they promised, nor when they let loose on me these wretches
like wild beasts, did I ever abate in any particular my affection for you.
This straightforward and honest path of policy, from the very first, I
chose; the honour, the power, the glory of my country to promote —
these to augment — in these to have my being. Never was I seen going
about the streets elated and exulting when the enemy was victorious,
stretching out my hand, and congratulating such as I thought would tell
it elsewhere, but hearing with alarm any success of our own armies,
moaning and bent to the earth like these impious men, who rail at this
country as if they could do so without also stigmatizing themselves; and
who, turning their eyes abroad, and seeing the prosperity of the enemy
in the calamities of Greece, rejoice in them, and maintain that we should

labour to make them last for ever!

Let not, oh gracious God, let not such conduct receive any manner of
sanction from thee! Rather plant even in these men a better spirit and
better feelings! But if they are wholly incurable, then pursue themselves,

yea, themselves by themselves, to utter and untimely perdition by land
__ and by sea; and to us who are spared vouchsafe to. grant the speediest —
rescue from our impending alarms, and an unshaken security!

MARCUS TULLIUS CICERO _
65-56 a ee

“A mong us you can dwell no longer g

Marcus Tullius Cicero (106-43, BC) had confirmed his reputation as an orator in

70 Bc when he impeached the corrupt governor Gaius Verres. Seven years later,
4s consul of Rome, he foiled a conspiracy led by Lucius Catiline to ‘raise an
es insurrection, set Rome on fire and massacre the Senate. Cicero was kept informed —
Of Catiline’s plot by Fulvia, the mistress of one of the conspirators. Two days —
Later Cicero summoned the Senate to the temple of Jupiter in the Capitol — which

a?

oer: Catiline ad the audacity to attend. e icero was so provoked that he addressed :

 
16 Cicero: “A mong us you can dwell no longer’

See ees es

Catiline in the first of four thundering and vituperative indictments of his enemy.

It 1s his most famous speech and was used as a school exercise in the instruction of
rhetoric, even by kings, for centuries.

The speech, given here in the translation by C.D. Yonge, was a triumph and
Cicero played a principal part in saving Rome from a coup d’état. He convinced
an incredulous Senate that the danger was real. Catiline was sentenced to

execution. He refused to surrender and was killed on the battlefield the following
year.

When, O Catiline, do you mean to cease abusing our patience? How
long is that madness of yours still to mock us? When is there to be an
end of that unbridled audacity of yours, swaggering about as it does
now? Do not the nightly guards placed on the Palatine hill — do not the
watches posted throughout the city — does not the alarm of the people,
and the union of all good men — does not the precaution taken of
_assembling the Senate in this most defensible place — do not the looks
and countenances of this venerable body here present, have any effect
upon you? Do you not feel that your plans are detected? Do you not see
that your conspiracy is already arrested and rendered powerless by the
knowledge which every one here possesses of it? What is there that you
did last night, what the night before — where is it that you were — who
was there that you summoned to meet you — what design was there
which was adopted by you, with which you think that any one of us is
unacquainted?
Shame on the age and on its principles! The Senate is aware of these
things; the consul sees them; and yet this man lives. Lives! aye, he comes —
even into the Senate. He takes a part in the public deliberations; he is
_ watching and marking down and checking off for Slaughter every
individual among us. And we, gallant men that we are, think that we are
_ doing our duty to the republic if we keep out of the way of his frenzied
attacks. . | |

 

_ You ought, O Catiline, long ago to have been led to execution by x
command of the consul. That destruction which you have been long
a plotting against us ought to have already fallen on yourownhead...
I wish, O conscript fathers, to be merciful; I wish not to appeat “

negligent amid such danger to the State; but I do now accuse myself et
5 _ Femissness and culpable inactivity. A camp is pitched in Italy, at the — '
_ entrance of Etruria, in hostility to the republic; the number of the enemy _
__ Iereases every day; and yet the general of that camp, the leader of those _

_ enemies, we see within the walls — ay, and even in the Senate — planr ..

    
       
Cicero: “A mong us you can dwell no longer’ 17

(a en on Rr

 

evety day some internal injury to the republic. If, O Catiline, I should
now order you to be arrested, to be put to death, I should, I suppose,
have to fear lest all good men should say that I had acted tardily, rather
than that any one should affirm that I acted cruelly. But yet this, which
ought to have been done long since, I have good reason for not doing as
yet; I will put you to death, then, when there shall be not one person
possible to be found so wicked, so abandoned, so like yourself, as not to
allow that it has been rightly done. As long as one person exists who can
dare to defend you, you shall live; but you shall live as you do now,
sutrounded by my many and trusty guards, so that you shall not be able
to stir one finger against the republic: many eyes and ears shall still
observe and watch you, as they have hitherto done, though you shall not

perceive them. |

For what is there, O Catiline, that you can still expect, if night is not
able to veil your nefarious meetings in darkness, and if private houses _
cannot conceal the voice of your conspiracy within their walls — —
everything is seen and displayed? Change your mind: trust me: forget —
the slaughter and conflagration you are meditating. You are hemmed in ~

on all sides; all your plans are clearer than the day to us; let me remind
you of them. Do you recollect that on the 21st of October I said in the
senate, that on a certain day, which was to be the 27th of October, C.
Manlius, the satellite and servant of your audacity, would be in arms?
Was I mistaken, Catiline, not only in so important, so atrocious, so
incredible a fact, but, what is much more remarkable, in the very day? I
said also in the Senate that you had fixed the massacre of the nobles for
the 28th of October, when many chief men of the Senate had left Rome,

not so much for the sake of saving themselves as of checking your
designs. Can you deny that on that very day you were so hemmed in by

my guards and my vigilance, that you were unable to stir one finger
against the republic; when you said that you would be content with the
flight of the rest, and the slaughter of us who remained? What? when —
you made sure that you would be able to seize Praeneste on the first of _
November by a nocturnal attack, did you not find that that colony was
fortified by my order, by my garrison, by my watchfulness and care? =
You do nothing, you plan nothing, you think of nothing which I not _
only do not hear, but which I do not see and know every particular of. |
Listen while I speak of the night before. You shall now see that 1 _
_ watch far more actively for the safety than you do for the destruction of _
the republic. I say that you came the night before (I will say nothing —
as obscurely) into the Scythedealers’ street, to the house of Marcus Lecca; _

 

 
18 Cicero: “A mong us you can dwell no longer’
Se ee es

that many of your accomplices in the same insanity and wickedness came
there too. Do you dare to deny it? Why are you silent? I will prove it j¢
you do deny it; for I see here in the Senate some men who were there
with you.

O ye immortal Gods, where on earth are we? in what city are we
living? what constitution is ours? There are here — here in our body, O
conscript fathers, in this the most holy and dignified assembly of the
whole world, men who meditate my death, and the death of all of us,
and the destruction of this city, and of the whole world. I, the consul,
see them; I ask them their opinion about the republic, and I do not yet
attack, even by words, those who ought to be put to death by the
sword. You were, then, O Catiline, at Lecca’s that night; you divided
Italy into sections; you settled where every one was to go; you fixed
whom you were to leave at Rome, whom you were to take with you;

you portioned out the divisions of the city for conflagration; you
undertook that you yourself would at once leave the city, and said that
there was then only this to delay you, that I was still alive. Two Roman
knights were found to deliver you from this anxiety, and to promise that

very night, before daybreak, to slay me in my bed. All this I knew
almost before your meeting had broken up. I strengthened and fortified
my house with a stronger guard; I refused admittance, when they came,
to those whom you sent in the morning to salute me, and of whom I
had foretold to many eminent men that they would come to me at that
time.

As, then, this is the case, O Catiline, continue as you have begun.

Leave the city at last: the gates are open; depart. That Manlian camp of
yours has been waiting too long for you as its general. And lead forth
with you all your friends, or at least as many as you can; purge the city
of your presence; you will deliver me from a great fear, when there is a
wall between me and you. Among us you can dwell no longer — I will
not bear it, I will not permit it, I will not tolerate it...

You are summoning to destruction and devastation the temples of the |
immortal gods, the houses of the city, the lives of all the citizens; in
short, all Italy. Wherefore, since I do not yet venture to do that which is
the best thing, and which belongs to my office and to the discipline of - :
our ancestors, I will do that which is more merciful if we regard its

- figour, and more expedient for the state. For if I order you to be put ten
death, the rest of the conspirators will still remain in the republic; if, as I
have long been exhorting you, you depart, your companions, those
Ra worthless dregs of the republic, will be drawn off from the city too. —

 

    
Cicero: “A mong us you can dwell no longer’ 19

 

What is the matter, Catiline? Do you hesitate.to do that when I order
you which you were already doing of your own accord? The consul
orders an enemy to depart from the city. Do you ask me, Are you to go
into banishment? I do not order it; but, if you consult me, I advise it.

For what is there, O Catiline, that can now afford you any pleasure in
this city? for there is no one in it, except that band of profligate
conspirators of yours, who does not fear you — no one who does not
hate you. What brand of domestic baseness is not stamped upon your
life? What disgraceful circumstance is wanting to your infamy in your
private affairs? From what licentiousness have your eyes, from what
atrocity have your hands, from what iniquity has your whole body ever
abstained? Is there one youth, when you have once entangled him in the
temptations of your corruption, to whom you have not held out a sword
for audacious crime, or a torch for licentious wickedness? Pe

What? when lately by the death of your former wife you had made
yout house empty and ready for a new bridal, did you not even add
another incredible wickedness to this wickedness? But I pass that over,
and willingly allow it to be buried in silence, that so horrible a crime
may not be seen to have existed in this city, and not to have been
chastised. I pass over the ruin of your fortune, which you know is
hanging over you against the ides of the very next month; I come to
those things which relate not to the infamy of your private vices, not to
yout domestic difficulties and baseness, but to the welfare of the
republic and to the lives and safety of us all.

__ If your parents feared and hated you, and if you could by no means
pacify them, you would, I think, depart somewhere out of their sight.
Now, your country, which is the common parent of all of us, hates and
fears you, and has no other opinion of you, than that you ate meditating
parricide in her case; and will you neither feel awe of her authority, nor
deference for her judgement, nor fear of her power? © eet 3
And she, O Catiline, thus pleads with you, and after a manner silently
speaks to you: — There has now for many years been no crime committed 3
but by you; no atrocity has taken place without you; you alone unpun-
ished and unquestioned have murdered the citizens, have harassed and _
_ plundered the allies; you alone have had power not only to neglect all _
laws and investigations, but to overthrow and break through them.
Your former actions, though they ought not to have been borne, yet I
did bear as well as I could; but now that I should be wholly occupied =
with fear of you alone, that at every sound I should dread Catiline, da =

. ee

no design should seem possible to be entertained against me which does

SS

 

 

 

 
> = :
20 Cicero: “A mong us you can dwell no longer’

Seg ea aE ete

not proceed from your wickedness, this is no longer endurable. Depart,
then, and deliver me from this fear; that, if it be a just one, I may not be
destroyed; if an imaginary one, that at least I may at last cease to fear.

If, as I have said, your country were thus to address you, ought she
not to obtain her request, even if she were not able to enforce it? What
shall I say of your having given yourself into custody? what of your
having said, for the sake of avoiding suspicion, that you were willing to
dwell in the house of Marcus Lepidus? And when you were not received
by him, you dared even to come to me, and begged me to keep you in
my house; and when you had received answer from me that I could not
possibly be safe in the same house with you, when I considered myself
in great danger as long as we were in the same city, you came to

~ Quintus Metellus, the praetor, and being rejected by him, you passed on
to. your associate, that most excellent man, Marcus Marcellus, who
would be, I suppose you thought, most diligent in guarding you, most
 sagacious in suspecting you, and most bold in punishing you; but how
far can we think that man ought to be from bonds and imprisonment
_ who has already judged himself deserving of being given into custody?
Since, then, this is the case, do you hesitate, O Catiline, if you cannot
_ remain here with tranquillity, to depart to some distant land, and to
__ trust your life, saved from just and deserved punishment, to flight and
= solitude? Make a motion, say you, to the Senate (for that is what you
demand), and if this body votes that you ought to go into banishment,
you say that you will obey. I will not make such a motion, it is 2 :
contrary to my principles, and yet I will let you see what these men _
think of you. Be gone from the city, O Catiline, deliver the republic *
from fear; depart into banishment, if that is the word you are waiting %
_ for. What now, O Catiline? Do you not perceive, do you not see the ©
silence of these men; they permit it, they say nothing; why wait you —
-. for the — of nee words when you see their wishes - in their
- silence? . | | ee
And vee ae am I speaking? that siakias may change your purpose
that you may ever amend your life? that you may meditate fight
think of voluntary banishment? I wish the gods may give you such a
mind; though I see, if alarmed at my words you bring your mind to g
_ into banishment, what a storm of unpopularity hangs over me, if 10t a
present, while the memory of your wickedness is fresh, at all ev
we hereafter. But it is worth while to incur that, as long as that
os Private misfortune of my own, and is unconnected with th

 

  
  
  
  
 
    
Cicero: “A mong us you can dwell no longer’ | 21
a a

own vices, that you should fear the penalties of the laws or that you
should yield to the necessities of the republic, for you are not, O
Catiline, one whom either shame can recall from infamy, or fear from
danger, of reason from madness.

Wherefore, as I have said before, go forth, and if you wish to make
me, your enemy as you call me, unpopular, go straight into banishment.
I shall scarcely be able to endure all that will be said if you do so; I shall -
scarcely be able to support my load of unpopularity if you do go into
banishment at the command of the consul; but if you wish to serve my
credit and reputation, go forth with your ill-omened band of profligates;
betake yourself to Manlius, rouse up the abandoned citizens, separate
yourself from the good ones, wage war against your country, exult in
your impious banditti, so that you may not seem to have been driven’
out by me and gone to strangers, but to have gone invited to your own
friends... |

Now that I may remove and avert, O conscript fathers, any in the
least reasonable complaint from myself, listen, I beseech you, carefully to
what I say, and lay it up in your inmost hearts and minds. In truth, if my
country, which is far dearer to me than my life — if all Italy — if the whole
republic were to address me, Marcus Tullius, what are you doing? will
you permit that man to depart whom you have ascertained to be an
enemy? whom you see ready to become the general of the war? whom
you know to be expected in the camp of the enemy as their chief, the
author of all this wickedness, the head of the conspiracy, the instigator
of the slaves and abandoned citizens, so that he shall seem not driven
out of the city by you, but let loose by you against the city? Will you not
order him to be thrown into prison, to be hurried off to execution, to be
put to death with the most prompt severity? What hinders you? is it the
customs of our ancestors? But even private men have often in this
_tepublic slain mischievous citizens. — Is it the laws which have been
passed about the punishment of Roman citizens? But in this city those
who have rebelled against the republic have never had the rights of
citizens. - Do you fear odium with posterity? You are showing fine
8tatitude to the Roman people which has raised you, a man known only
by your own actions, of no ancestral renown, through all the degrees of —
honour at so early an age to the very highest office, if from fear of
unpopularity or of any danger you neglect the safety of your fellow-

eee - you. have a fear of unpopularity, is that arising from the.
SP eas i te ee and boldness, or that arising from that of inactivity —
oe umssision most to be feared? When Italy is laid waste by war, when

 
>» oA »-, * ‘ s
a Cicero: “A mong us you can dwell no longer

RT eee SintesttetStenanatenies
enemies erence renee a

cities are attacked and houses in flames, do you not think that you will
be then consumed by a perfect conflagration of hatred? . . ,

Though there are some men in this body who either do not see what
threatens, or dissemble what they do see; who have fed the hope of
Catiline by mild sentiments, and have strengthened the rising conspiracy
by not believing it; influenced by whose authority many, and they not
wicked, but only ignorant, if I punished him would say that I had acted
cruelly and tyranically. But I know that if he arrives at the camp of
Manlius to which he is going, there will be no one so stupid as not to
see that there has been a conspiracy, no one so hardened as not to
confess it. But if this man alone were put to death, I know that this
disease of the republic would be only checked for awhile, not eradicated
for ever. But if he banishes himself, and takes with him all his friends,
and collects at one point all the ruined men from every quarter, then not
only will this full-grown plague of the republic be extinguished and

eradicated, but also the root and seed of all future evils.

_ We have now for a long time, O conscript fathers, lived among these

_ dangers and machinations of conspiracy; but somehow or other, the

ripeness of all wickedness, and of this long-standing madness and

_ audacity, has come to a head at the time of my consulship. But if this
‘man alone is removed from this piratical crew, we may appear, perhaps, _
_ for a short time relieved from fear and anxiety, but the danger will settle _
_ down and lie hid in the veins and bowels of the republic. As it often _
happens that men afflicted with a severe disease, when they are tortured
with heat and fever, if they drink cold water, seem at first to be relieved, — S
but afterwards suffer more and more severely; so this disease which is in _

the republic, if relieved by the punishment of this man, will only get

- worse and worse, as the rest will be still alive.

- Wherefore, O conscript fathers, let the worthless tie ~ let them

separate themselves from the good — let them collect in one place — let
_ them, as I have often said before, be separated from us by a wall; let
~~ them cease to — poe the oases in Bis own house ~ to icine the

 

, : ve on in us he eeealc so sees ately & in you, so <a
, ae Roman’ ‘ap. so ) teil ee in all . nen, a
Jesus of Nazareth: ‘Blessed are the poor in spirit’ 23
vnc neeeeSa

With these omens, O Catiline, begone to your impious and nefarious
war, to the great safety of the republic, to your own misfortune and
injury, and to the destruction of those who have joined themselves to

you in every wickedness and atrocity. Then do you, O Jupiter, who
were consecrated by Romulus with the same auspices as this city,
whom we rightly call the stay of this city and empire, repel this man
and his companions from your altars and from the other temples —
from the houses and walls of the city — from the lives and fortunes
of all the citizens; and overwhelm all the enemies of good men, the
foes of the republic, the robbers of Italy, men bound together by a
treaty and infamous alliance of crimes, dead and alive, with eternal
punishments.

JESUS OF NAZARETH
¢. 33 |

‘Blessed are the poor in spirit’

 

When his disciples came to him on the mountain, Jesus of Nazareth delivered the —
most famous and enduring speech in Christendom. Nearly 2,000 years later, the
moral code contained in the Sermon on the Mount remains the foundation of

Western morality.

Blessed are the poor in spirit:
For theirs is the kingdom of heaven. —

Blessed are they that mourn:
For they shall be comforted.

Blessed are the meek:
For they shall inherit the earth.

Blessed are they which do hunger and thirst after righteousness:
For they shall be filled. = |

Blessed are the merciful: |
For they shall obtain mercy.

__ Blessed are the pure in heart:
For they shall seeGod.

 
24 Jesus of Nazareth: ‘Blessed are the poor in spirit’
ge a a tree

Blessed are the peacemakers:
For they shall be called the children of God.

Blessed are they which are persecuted for righteousness’ sake:
For theirs is the kingdom ofheaven.

Blessed are ye, when men shall revile you, and persecute you, and shall

say all manner of evil against you falsely, for my sake.
Rejoice, and be exceeding glad: for great is your reward in heaven: for so

persecuted they the prophets which were before you.

Ye are the salt of the earth: but if the salt have lost his savour, where-
_ with shall it be salted? it is thenceforth good for nothing, but to be cast
Out, and to be trodden under foot of men. 7 |
__ Ye are the light of the world. A city that is set on a hill cannot be hid.
~ Neither do men light a candle, and put it under a bushel, but on a candle-
stick; and it giveth light unto all that are in the house. Let your light so
__ shine before men, that they may see your good works, and glorify your
a _ Father which is in heaven.
Think not that I am come to destroy the law, or the prophets: I am
not come to destroy, but to fulfil. For verily I say unto you, ‘Till heaven
and earth pass, one jot or one tittle shall in no wise pass from the law,
, till all be fulfilled.” Whosoever therefore shall break one of these least
commandments, and shall teach men so, he shall be called the least in the
kingdom of heaven: but whosoever shall do and teach them, the same
shall be called great in the kingdom of heaven. For I say unto you,
‘Except your righteousness shall exceed the righteousness of the scribes
and Pharisees, ye shall in no case enter into the kingdom of heaven.’
Ye have heard that it was said by them of old time, ‘Thou shalt not
_ kill’; and whosoever shall kill shall be in danger of the judgement. But I
say unto you, ‘Whosoever is angry with his brother without a cause shall
be in danger of the judgement: and whosoever shall say to his brother,
“Raca,” shall be in danger of the council: but whosoever shall say,
“Thou fool,” shall be in danger of hell fire.’ Therefore if thou bring thy
gift to the altar, and there rememberest that thy brother hath ought
against thee; leave there thy gift before the altar, and go thy way; first be
 teconciled to thy brother, and then come and offer thy gift. Agree with
thine adversary quickly, while thou art in the way with him; lest at any time fa
the adversary deliver thee to the judge, and the judge deliver thee to the |
- officer, and thou be cast into prison. Verily I say unto thee, “Thou shalt by S
> no means come out thence, till thou has paid the uttermost farthing.”

 

 

    
 

Jesus of Nazareth: ‘Blessed are the poor in spirit’ 25

 

 

Ye have heard that it was said by them of old time, “Thou shalt not
commit adultery.’ But I say unto you, ‘Whosoever looketh on a woman
to lust after her hath committed adultery with her already in his heart.
And if thy right eye offend thee, pluck it out, and cast it from thee: for it
is profitable for thee that one of thy members should perish, and not
that thy whole body should be cast into hell. And if thy right hand
offend thee, cut it off, and cast it from thee: for it is profitable for thee
that one of thy members should perish, and not that thy whole body
should be cast into hell.’ It hath been said, ‘Whosoever shall put away
his wife, let him give her a writing of divorcement.’ But I say unto you,
‘Whosoever shall put away his wife, saving for the cause of fornication,
causeth her to commit adultery: and whosoever shall marry her that is
divorced committeth adultery.’

Again, ye have heard that it hath been said by them of old time, “Thou
shalt not forswear thyself, but shalt perform unto the Lord thine oaths.’

But I say unto you, ‘Swear not at all; neither by heaven; for it is
God’s throne: nor by the earth; for it is his footstool: neither by
Jerusalem; for it is the city of the great King. Neither shalt thou swear
by thy head, because thou canst not make one hair white or black. But
let your communication be, “Yea, yea”; “Nay, nay’: for whatsoever is
more than these cometh of evil.’ 2

_ Ye have heard that it hath been said, ‘An eye for an eye, and a tooth
for a tooth.’ But I say unto you, “Resist not evil: but whosoever shall
smite thee on thy right cheek, turn to him the other also. And if any
man will sue thee at the law, and take away thy coat, let him have thy
cloak also. And whosoever shall compel thee to go a mile, go with him
twain. Give to him that asketh thee, and from him that would borrow of
thee turn not thou away.’

Ye have heard that it hath been said, “Thou shalt love thy neighbour,
and hate thine enemy.’ But I say unto you, ‘Love your enemies, bless
them that curse you, do good to them that hate you, and pray for them
which despitefully use you, and persecute you; that ye may be the
children of your Father which is in heaven: for he maketh his sun to rise
on the evil and on the good, and sendeth rain on the just and on the
unjust.’ For if ye love them which love you, what reward have ye? do
not even the publicans the same? And if ye salute your brethren only,
what do ye more than others? do not even the publicans so? Be ye
therefore perfect, even as your Father which is in heaven is perfect.

Take heed that ye do not your alms before men, to be seen of them: ri
otherwise ye have no reward of your Father which is in heaven. oe

 
26 ‘ =
<6 Jesus of Nazareth: ‘Blessed are the poor in spirit’

per in piri

Therefore when thou doest thine alms, do not sound a trumpet before
thee, as the hypocrites do in the synagogues and in the streets, that they
may have glory of men. Verily I say unto you, ‘They have their reward.
But when thou doest alms, let not thy left hand know what thy right
hand doeth: that thine alms may be in secret: and thy Father which
seeth in secret himself shall reward thee openly.
And when thou ptayest, thou shalt not be as the hypocrites are: for
_ they love to pray standing in the synagogues and in the corners of
the streets, that they may be seen of men. Verily I say unto you,
“They have their reward.’ But thou, when thou prayest, enter into thy
Closet, and when thou has shut thy door, pray to thy Father which is
4m secret; and thy Father which seeth in secret shall reward thee
openly. But when ye pray, use not vain repetitions, as the heathen do:
__ for they think that they shall be heard for their much speaking. Be
_ mot ye therefore like unto them: for your Father knoweth what things
= ye have need of, before ye ask him. After this manner therefore pray ye:

Our Father which art in heaven,
Hallowed be thy name.

Thy kingdom come. —

Thy will be done

In earth, as it is in heaven.

Give us this day

Our daily bread. — |

And forgive us our debts,
_ As we forgive our debtors.

And lead us not into temptation, —
But deliver us from evil:

 

For thine is the kingdom, __
_ And the power, | :
And the glory, |
For ever. Amen.

For if ye forgive men their trespasses, your heavenly Father will also _ |

_ forgive you: but if ye forgive not men their trespasses, neither will your
Father forgive your trespasses. | Se eee ae
Moreover when ye fast, be not, as the hypocrites, of a sad countenance: —
for they disfigure their faces, that they may appear unto men to { ast.
Verily I say unto you, “They have their reward.’ But thou, when thou
fastest, anoint thine head, and wash thy face; that thou appear n

   
    
Jesus of Nazareth: ‘Blessed are the poor in spirit’ 27
Bo ie ae ae crea eal alee eee ere ean ae
men to fast, but unto thy Father which is in secret: and thy Father,
which seeth in secret shall reward thee openly.

Lay not up for yourselves treasures upon earth,
Where moth and rust doth corrupt,
And where thieves break through and steal:

But lay up for yourselves treasures in heaven,
Where neither moth nor rust doth corrupt,
And where thieves do not break through nor steal.

For where your treasure is, there will your heart be also.

The light of the body is the eye: if therefore thine eye be single, thy
whole body shall be full of light. But if thine eye be evil, thy whole body
shall be full of darkness. If therefore the light that is in thee be darkness,

how great is that darkness!
No man can serve two masters: for either he will hate the one, and

love the other; or else he will hold to the one, and despise the other. Ye

cannot serve God and Mammon.
Therefore I say unto you, ‘Take no thought for your life, what ye

shall eat, or what ye shall drink; nor yet for your body, what ye shall put
on.’ Is not the life more than meat, and the body than raiment? Behold
the fowls of the air: for they sow not, neither do they reap, nor gather
into barns; yet your heavenly Father feedeth them. Are ye not much
better than they? Which of you by taking thought can add one cubit
unto his statureP And why take ye thought for raiment? Consider the
lilies of the field, how they grow; they toil not, neither do they spin: and
yet I say unto you that even Solomon in all his glory was not arrayed
like one of these. ,
Wherefore, if God so clothe the grass of the field, which today is, and ©
tomorrow is cast into the oven, shall he not much mote clothe you, O
ye of little faith? Therefore take no thought, saying, ‘What shall we eat?”
or, “What shall we drink?’ or, “Wherewithal shall we be clothed?’ (for
after all these things do the Gentiles seek): for your heavenly Father —
knoweth that ye have need of all these things. But seek ye first the
kingdom of God, and his righteousness; and all these things shall be
added unto you. Take therefore no thought for the morrow: for the
morrow shall take thought for the things of itself. Sufficient unto the ©
day is the evil thereof, > ae
ae eues te that ye be not judged. For with what judgement ye judge, 7
7 al be judged: and with what measure ye mete, it shall be measuted ~

 
£6 Jesus of Nazareth: ‘Blessed are the poor in spirit’
a

to you again. And why beholdest thou the mote that is in thy brother’ S
eye, but considerest not the beam that is in thine own eye? Or how wilt

thou say to thy brother, “Let me pull out the mote out of thine eye’; and,
behold, a beam is in thine own eye? Thou hypocrite, first cast out the
beam out of thine own eye; and then shalt thou see clearly to cast out
the mote out of thy brother’s eye.

Give not that which is holy unto the dogs,
Neither cast ye your pearls before swine,
Lest they trample them under their feet,
And turn again and tend you.

Ask, and it shall be given you;
Seek, and ye shall find;
Knock, and it shall be opened unto you:

For every one that asketh receiveth;
And he that seeketh findeth; 3
And to him that knocketh it shall be opened.

Or what man is there of you, whom if his son ask bread, will he give
him a stone? Or if he ask a fish, will he give him a serpent? If ye then,
_ being evil, know how to give good gifts unto your children, how much
- = EROS shall your Father which is in heaven give good things to them that
as him? Therefore all things whatsoever ye would that men should do
you, do ye even so to them: for this is the law and the prophets.
_ Enter ye in at the strait gate: for wide is the gate, and broad is the
way, that leadeth to destruction, and many there be which go in thereat:
because strait is the gate, and narrow is the way, which leadeth unto life,
_ and few there be that find it. : : Z
Beware of false prophets, which come to you in sheep’s clothing, but —
inwardly they are tavening wolves. Ye shall know them by their fruits.
_ Do men gather grapes of thorns, or figs of thistles? Even so every good ©
‘tree bringeth forth good fruit; but a cotrupt tree bringeth forth evil |
_ fruit. A good tree cannot bring forth evil fruit, neither can a corrupt tree —

ave forth good fruit. Every tree that bringeth not forth good fruit ix:
_ hewn down, and cast into aie firs. Wherefore by their fruits ye wal
_ know them. = 3 3
css Ey _ Not every one that se unto me, os Lord,’ shall enter tn
i —nedess of heaven; but he that doeth the will of my Father whic :
= heaven. Many will say to me in that day, ‘Lord, Lord, have we not
 Ptophesied 4 in thy name? and in “aie name have cast out) devils?

  
  
  

 

  
  
 

 

  
Muhammad: ‘Turn thy face towards the Sacred Mosque’ 2s

 

thy name done many wonderful works?’ And then will I profess unto
them, ‘I never knew you: depart from me, ye that work iniquity.’
Therefore whosoever heareth these sayings of mine, and doeth them,
I will liken him unto a wise man, which built his house upon a rock; and
the rain descended, and the floods came and the winds blew, and beat
upon that house; and it fell not: for it was founded upon a rock. And
every one that heareth these sayings of mine, and doeth them not, shall
be likened unto a foolish man, which built his house upon the sand: and
the rain descended, and the floods came, and the winds blew, and beat

upon that house; and it fell: and great was the fall of it.

Matthew 5-7
Authorized Version

MUHAMMAD
7th century

 

‘Turn thy face towards the Sacred M osque’

The angel Gabriel appeared to Muhammad on Mount Hira, near Mecca, in 610,
when he was about forty, and told him he was the messenger of God. About four
years later Muhammad became a preacher, and he preached for the next twenty-

_ bvo years. The result is one of the great books of mankind, the Koran, containing

__ the words of Muhammad delivered in a series of revelations taken down by his
entourage. Muslims believe that through Mubammad, the Founder of Islam, God
delivered his last message to mankind. He founded a religion which today has 700
million adherents. This is a central part of his preaching. —

It is not righteousness that ye turn your face towards the east or the |
west, but righteousness is [in] him who believeth in God and the Last :
Day, and the angels and the Scripture, and the Prophets, and who giveth
wealth for the love of God to his kinsfolk and to orphans and the needy _
and the son of the road and them that ask and for the freeing of slaves,
and who is instant in prayer, and giveth the alms; and those who fulfil _
their covenant when they covenant, and the patient in adversity and _
3 affliction and in time of violence, these are they who are true, and these _
_ are they who fear God. ak : | «es
| Say: We believe in God, and what hath been sent down to thee, and 2

 
30 Muhammad: "Turn thy face towards the Sacred Mosque’
Pe Ps ante ME OSE ey OT tO Race ra an ie et

what was sent down to Abraham, and Ishmael, and Isaac, and Jacob,
and the tribes, and what was given to Moses, and to Jesus, and the
prophets from their Lord — we make no distinction between any of them
—and to Him are we resigned: and whoso desireth other than Resignation
[Islam] for a religion, it shall certainly not be accepted from him, and in
the life to come he shall be among the losers.

Observe the prayers, and the middle prayer, and stand instant before
God. And if ye fear, then afoot or mounted; but when ye are safe
remember God, how he taught you what ye did not know.

When the call to prayer soundeth on the Day of Congregation
(Friday), then hasten to remember God, and abandon business; that is
better for you if ye only knew: and when prayer is done, disperse 1 in the
land and seek of the bounty of God. =
_ Turn thy face towards the Sacred Mosque; wherever ye be, turn your
_ faces thitherwards.

Give alms on the path of God, and let not your hands cast you into

_ destruction; but do good, for God loveth those who do good; and

accomplish the pilgrimage and the visit to God: but if ye be besieged,
then send what is easiest as an offering.

They will ask thee what it is they must give in alms. Say: Let what
good ye give be for parents, and kinsfolk, and the orphan, and the
_ needy, and the son of the road; and what aoe ye do, verily God
Be knoweth it.

‘They will ask thee what they shall expend in alms; say, The surplus.

_ If ye give alms openly, it is well; but if ye conceal it, and give it to the

poor, it is better for you, and will take away from you some of your
sins: and God knoweth what ye do.

O ye who believe, make not your alms 3 no effects by taunt and
vexation, like him who spendeth what he hath to be seen of men, and
believeth not in God and the Last Day: for his likeness is as the
likeness of a stone with earth upon it, and a heavy rain falleth upon it
and leaveth it bare; they accomplish nothing with what they earn, for
God guideth not the people that disbelieve. And the likeness of those —

 

:- a expend their wealth for the sake of pleasing God and for the :

: : certainty of their souls is as the likeness of a garden on a hilk a heavy
rain falleth on it and it bringeth forth its fruit twofold; and if no-

“Eid as, and forgiveness is better than since which vexatic
_followeth; and God is rich and euthful. a

| ae rain falleth on it, then the dew falleth; and God seeth what ye oe

   
 
   
 

Muhammad: ‘Tarn thy face towards the Sacred Mosque’ 34
Senate Me ee a ee Se eee ete ee eee

The hearts of men are at the disposal of God like unto one heart, and
He turneth them about in any way that He pleaseth. O Director of

hearts, turn our hearts to obey Thee.

The first thing which God created was a pen, and He said to it,
‘Write.’ It said, ‘What shall I write?? And God said, ‘Write down the
quantity of every separate thing to be created.’ And it wrote all that was
and all that will be to eternity.

There-is not one among you whose sitting-place is not written by
God whether in the fire or in Paradise. The Companions said, ‘O
Prophet! since God hath appointed our place, may we confide in this
and abandon our religious and moral duty?’ He said, ‘No, because the
happy will do good works, and those who are of the miserable will do
bad works.’

The Prophet of God said that Adam and Moses (in the world of
spirits) maintained a debate before God, and Adam got the better of
Moses; who said, “Thou art that Adam whom God created by the power
of his hands, and. breathed into thee from His own spirit, and made the
angels bow before thee, and gave thee an habitation in His own
Paradise: after that thou threwest man upon the earth, from the fault
which thou committedst.” Adam said, ‘Thou art that Moses whom God
elected for His prophecy, and to converse with, and He gave to thee
twelve tables, in which are explained everything, and God made thee
His confidant, and the bearer of His secrets: then how long was the
Bible written before I was created?’ Moses said, ‘Forty years.’ Then
Adam said, “Didst thou see in the Bible that Adam disobeyed God?’ He
said, “Yes.” Adam said, ‘Dost thou then reproach me on a matter which
God wrote in the Bible forty years before creating me?’

 
 

 

+

 

 

“ie

 

 

 

 

 

bia

i

 
me ee king. —

ETHELBERT
597

‘We do not wish to molest you’

Ethelbert (c. 552-616) was the Saxon King of Kent who met Augustine and his
followers on their mission to convert England. It was a remarkable meeting —
Ethelbert seated on the bare ground as Augustine and his forty compamions
advanced from the shore chanting a solemn litany, with a huge silver cross borne
before them and beside it a large picture of Christ, painted and gilded on an
upright board. Neither could understand the other's language, but the priests
accompanying Augustine stepped forward as interpreters. The King listened and
then gave his answer.

Your words are fair, and your promises — but because they are new
and doubtful, I cannot give my assent to them, and leave the customs
which I have so long observed, with the whole Anglo-Saxon race. But
because you have come hither as strangers from a long distance, and as”
I seem to myself to have seen clearly, that what you yourselves believed
to be true and good, you wish to impart to us, we do not wish to molest —
you; nay, rather we are anxious to receive you hospitably, and to give |

you all that is needed for your support, nor do we hinder you from
joining all whom you can to the faith of your religion. 4

 
  
  
 
 
  
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
  
     

Augustine later became the first Archbishop of Canterbury.

eo ae = WILLIAM THE = CONQUEROR ee ae a

“Bey oe ¢ the avengers rapt noble blood? oe
fous ne be had = eae a ie ‘Bibb 5 his pe ward th
_ Confessor. At the Battle e pee. be defeated and killed Harold II ol wa

On the morning of battle, still as Duke William f N cman, be
DES. is tre 4 Pes aie, summoned them to war. —
36 William the Conqueror: ‘Be Je the avengers of noble blood’

ene en

 

 

 

Normans! bravest of nations! I have no doubt of your courage, and none
of your victory, which never by any chance or obstacle escaped your
efforts. If indeed you had, once only, failed to conquer, there might be a
need now to inflame your courage by exhortation; but your native spirit
does not require to be roused. Bravest of men, what could the power of
the Frankish King effect with all his people, from Lorraine to Spain,
against Hastings my predecessor? What he wanted of France he took,
and gave to the King only what he pleased. What he had, he held as
long as it suited him, and relinquished it only for something better. Did
not Rollo my ancestor, founder of our nation, with our fathers conquer
at Paris the King of the Franks in the heart of his kingdom, nor had
the King of the Franks any hope of safety until he humbly offered
his daughter and possession of the country, which, after you, is called
Normandy. |
Did not your fathers capture the King of the Franks at Rouen, and
keep him there until he restored Normandy to Duke Richard, then a
boy; with this condition, that, in every conference between the King of
France and the Duke of Normandy, the duke should wear his sword,
while the King should not be permitted to carry a sword nor even a
dagger. This concession your fathers compelled the great King to
submit to, as binding for ever. Did not the same duke lead your fathers
_ to Mirmande, at the foot of the Alpes, and enforce submission from the
f lord of the town, his son-in-law, to his own wife, the duke’s daughter?
_ Nor was it enough for you to conquer men, he conquered the devil
himself, with whom he wrestled, cast down and bound him with his
_ hands behind his back, and left him a shameful spectacle to angels. But
_ why do I talk of former times? Did not you, in our own time, engage
the Franks at Mortemer? Did not the Franks prefer flight to battle, and
use their spurs? While you — Ralph, the commander of the Franks
having been slain — reaped the honour and the spoil as the natural result
of your usual success. Ah! let any one of the English whom, a hundred _
times, our predecessors, both Danes and Normans, have defeated in
; battle, come forth and show that the race of Rollo ever suffered a defeat —
from his time until now, and I will withdraw conquered. Is it not, —
therefore, shameful that a people accustomed to be conquered, a people _
ignorant of war, a people even without arrows, should oe in order a

 

    
Ball: ‘Cast off the yoke of bondage’ 37
Se So eS a a ec ee

and that their own heads are still on their shoulders. Raise your stand-
ards, my brave men, and set neither measure nor limit to your merited

rage. May the lightning of your glory be seen and the thunders of your
onset heard from east to west, and be ye the avengers of noble blood.

JOHN BALL
June 1381

‘Cast off the yoke of bondage’

The Peasants’ Revolt of 1381 was the first great popular protest in English
history. Led by Wat Tyler and John Ball, rebel forces marched on London from
Essex and Kent in protest at the capping of wages after the Black Death and the
imposition by Richard I of a poll tax of one shilling a head. John Ball made this

address to the rebels at Blackheath, to the south of London. |

When Adam delved and Eve span,
Who was then the gentleman?

 

From the beginning all men by nature were created alike, and our
bondage or servitude came in by the unjust oppression of naughty men.
For if God would have had any bondmen from the beginning, he would
have appointed who should be bond, and who free. And therefore I
exhort you to consider that now the time is come, appointed to us by
God, in which ye may (if ye will) cast off the yoke of bondage, and
recover liberty. I counsel you therefore well to bethink yourselves, and
to take good hearts unto you, that after the manner of a good husband
that tilleth his ground, and riddeth out thereof such evil weeds as choke
and destroy the good corn, you may destroy first the great lords of the —
realm, and after, the judges and lawyers, and questmongers, and all
other who have undertaken to be against the commons. For so shall you
ptocure peace and surety to yourselves in time to come; and by dispatch-
ing out of the way the great men, there shall be an equality in liberty, ©
and no difference in degrees of nobility; but a like dignity and equal
authority in all things brought in among you,

Both Ball and Tyler were subsequently executed.
ZO Cranmer: 1 shalt adectare unto you my very faith’
Se re me tapes neti ng

THOMAS CRANMER
| 21 March 1556

‘I shall declare unto you my very faith’

Thomas Cranmer (1489-1556), who composed the 39 Articles and rephrased the
English Book of Common Prayer, one of the noblest examples of English prose,
won the favour of Henry VIII when he enabled the King to divorce Catharine of
_ Aragon, and was appointed Archbishop of Canterbury in 1533. He used his
position against the rights of Queen Catharine. Under Edward VI, in 1553, he
signed a patent excluding Mary and Elizabeth from the succession in favour of
Lady Jane Grey. On the accession of Mary, daughter of Catharine of Aragon, he
was sent to the Tower of London for treason. He was tried a_year later in 1554

before the papal commissioner and formally degraded in 1556. He signed the last
of seven recantations on 21 March and was told that he was to be burnt. He went to his

death nobly, retracting his recantations and naming the Pope as Christ's enemy.

3 Ae the steht, he knelt down and said the Lora’s Beyer: Then he made his final
=e Spe =

   
 
 

\ll_ men desire, good Bcople. at the time of chéie deans to give some ©

good exhortation that others may remember after their deaths, and be —

the better thereby. So I beseech God grant me grace that I may speak :
=e at this my SePeUnS, whereby God ere be glorified and you

eee a

First, it is an heavy case to see that many folks be sO aa dome -

_ upon the love of this false world, and so careful for it, that for the love

___ of God, or the love of the world to come, they seem to cate very little or |

as SS pthing: therefor. This shall be my first exhortation. That you set not —

= _ overmuch by this false glozing world, but upon God and the world to

come; and learn to know what this lesson, meaneth, which St John

= = ‘teacheth, that the love of this world is hatred against God. ee
2s _ The second exhortation is that next unto God you obey | yi

_ King and Queen willingly and gladly, without murmur and grud;

and not for fear of them only, but much more for the fear oO

. . = __ knowing that they be God’s ministers, appointed by God to r

_ govern you. And therefore whoso resisteth them, resistetl ‘

_ ordinance.

 

 
 
 
  
  
   
   

   

 

=
Cranmer: ‘I shall declare unto you my very faith’ 39

 

sisters. For, alas! pity it is to see what contention and hatred one
Christian man hath toward another; not taking each other as sisters and
brothers, but rather as strangers and mortal enemies. But I pray you
learn and bear well away this one lesson, To do good to all men as much
as in you lieth, and to hurt no man, no more than you would hurt your
own natural and loving brother or sister. For this you may be sure of,
that whosoever hateth any person, and goeth about maliciously to
hinder or hurt him, surely, and without all doubt, God is not with that
man, although he think himself never so much in God’s favour.

The fourth exhortation shall be to them that have great substance and
riches of this world, that they will well consider and weigh those sayings
of the Scripture. One is of our Saviour Christ himself, who sayeth, It is
hard for a rich man to enter into heaven; a sote saying, and yet spoken
by him that knew the truth. The second is of St John, whose saying is
this, He that hath the substance of this world and seeth his brother in
necessity, and shutteth up his mercy from him, how can he say he loveth ~
God? Much more might I speak of every part; but time sufficeth not. I
do but put you in remembrance of these things. Let all them that be rich
ponder well those sentences; for if ever they had any occasion to show
their charity they have now at this present, the poor people being so
many, and victuals so dear. For though I have been long in prison, yet I

have heard of the great penury of the poor. Consider that which is given
to the poor is given to God; whom we have not otherwise present
corporally with us, but in the poor. 3 |

And now, for so much as I am come to the last end of my life,
whereupon hangeth all my life passed and my life to come, either to live
with my Saviour Christ in heaven in joy, or else to be in pain ever with
wicked devils in hell; and I see before mine eyes presently either heaven |
ready to receive me, or hell ready to swallow me up; I shall therefore _
declare unto you my very faith, how I believe, without colour. or
dissimulation; for now is no time to dissemble, whatsoever I have
written in times past. _ | | 3

First, I believe in God the Father Alfa gine Maker of heaven wes
earth, and every article of the catholic faith, every word and sentence _

taught by our Saviour Christ, His a and Prophets, in the Old aed

New Testaments. _ ,

_ And now I come to the great aa that troubleth my conscience,

more than any other thing that ever I said or did in my life; and that is,

the setting abroad of writings contrary to the truth. Which here now I __
enounce and refuse, as things written with my hand, contrary to the :

 

 
40 Elizabeth I: “I have the heart and stomach of a king’

 

te,

truth which I thought in my heart, and writ for fear of death, and to
save my life, if it might be; and that is, all such bills, which I have
written or signed with mine own hand since my degradation, wherein |
have written many things untrue. And forasmuch as my hand offended
in writing contrary to my heart, therefore my hand shall be punished;
for if I may come to the fire it shall be first burned. And as for the Pope,
I refuse him as Christ’s enemy and Anti-christ with all his false doctrine.

As the fire was put to him, Cranmer stretched out his right hand and thrust it
into the flame, crying with a loud voice, ‘This hand hath offended.’

QUEEN ELIZABETH I
9 August 1588

‘I have the heart and stomach of a king’

   

' When the Spanish Armada of 130 ships with nearly 17,000 soldiers sailed for

"England in May 1588, Queen Elizabeth I (1533-1603) rose to heights of true

greatness and saved England by her personal supervision of the high command set
up to resist invasion. |

_ As the Armada approached England, she went to Tilbury by barge to review

the troops and stiffen morale. On 8 August, ‘full of princely resolution and more

than feminine courage, she passed like some Amazonian Empress through all her

army. The next day she rode out to address the troops, mounted on a fine white

horse and carrying a small silver staff. She watched a mimic battle, reviewed the

army, and then addressed her soldiers, with the words read out to the companies by

their officers.

My loving people, we have been persuaded by some that are careful of
our safety, to take heed how we commit ourselves to armed multitudes,
for fear of treachery. But I assure you, I do not desire to live to distrust
my faithful and loving people. Let tyrants fear ... I have always so
behaved myself that, under God, I have placed my chiefest strength and
safeguard in the loyal hearts and good will of my subjects, and therefore _
Iam come amongst you as you see at this time, not for my recreation
and disport, but being resolved, in the midst and heat of the battle, to _
live or die amongst you all, to lay down for my God, and for m
kingdom, and for my people, my honour and my blood, even in J

& ss

 

 

 
Ssh i LsGis tilt La A UY YU bt fNOE TSS
ene AR I CT A A EN

dust. I know I have the body of a weak and feeble woman, but I have
the heart and stomach of a king, and of a king of England too, and
think foul scorn that Parma or Spain or any Prince of Europe should
dare to invade the borders of my realm, to which, rather than any

dishonour shall grow by me, I myself will take up arms, I myself will be
your general, judge and rewarder of every one of your virtues in the

field. I know already for your forwardness you have deserved rewards
and crowns, and we do assure you, in the word of a Prince, they shall be
duly paid you ... By your valour in the field, we shall shortly have a
famous victory over these enemies of my God, of my kingdom and of
my people.

The Queen was still at Tilbury when reports arrived that the Armada had been
overwhelmed and dispersed by Francis Drake.

The historian Carole Levin, in The Heart and Stomach of a King, says that
this speech contains the key sentiment of Elizabeth's reign: the only way a woman

could assume leadership without contradiction was by as in ee the
attributes af King and Queen. 7

(QUEEN ELIZABETH I
~ 30 November 1601

‘To be a king’

  

Elizabeth I was sixty-nine and in the forty-fourth year of her reign as Queen of 4
England and Ireland in November 1601 when 140 members went to Whitehall to
hear the Queen’ s last wooing (as the historian J. E. Neale puts it) of her ‘faithful,
troublesome Commons’. The speech she made was known for Soper aneee as the
‘Golden Speech’ — worthy to be written in gold,

She spoke with the majesty that Stoops to conquer. : The insninabl — S :
= art was heightened by the thought, which must have been in every mind, that she

was practising it for the last time,’ says Neale. ‘In effect, if not in strict
these were her last words to the realm she had loved and served with a |
‘At UE the menners of the G om mons knelt to bear her eS

 
4? Blizabeth I: ‘To be a king’
Pe ee ee ee ee eR a a el eee

for those we know how to prize, but loyalty, love, and thanks, I account
them invaluable; and though God hath raised me high, yet this ]

account the glory of my crown, that I have reigned with your loves.
This makes that I do not so much rejoice that God hath made me to be a
queen, as to be a queen over so thankful a people, and to be the means
under God to consetve you in safety, and preserve you from danger, yea
to be the instrument to deliver you from dishonour, from shame, and
from infamy, to keep you from out of servitude, and from slavery under
our enemies, and cruel tyranny, and vile oppression intended against us;
for the better withstanding whereof, we take very acceptable their
intended helps, and chiefly in that it manifesteth your loves and largeness
of hearts to your sovereign. Of myself I must say this, I never was any
greedy scraping grasper, nor a strict fast-holding prince, nor yet a waster,
my heart was never set upon any worldly goods, but only for my
subjects’ good. What you do bestow on me I will not hoard up, but
receive it to bestow on you again; yea mine own properties I account
yours to be expended for your good, and your eyes shall see the
bestowing of it for your welfare.
_ Mr Speaker, I would wish you and the rest to stand up, for I fear I
_ shall yet trouble you with longer speech.
Mr Speaker, you give me thanks, but I am more to thank you, and I
| charge you thank them of the Lower House from me; for had I not
received knowledge from you, I might a’ fallen into the lapse of an
error, only for want of true information.
_ Since I was Queen, yet did I never put my pen to any grant but upon
pretext and semblance made me, that it was for the good and avail of my
subjects generally, though a private profit to some of my ancient
servants, who have deserved well; but that my grants shall be made
grievances to my people, and oppressions, to be privileged under colour
ot our patents, our princely dignity shall not suffer it.
When I heard it, I could give no rest unto my thoughts until I had
ee stated it, and those varlets, lewd persons, abusers of my bounty, shall
know I will not suffer it. And, Mr Speaker, tell the House from me, I
_ take it exceeding grateful, that the knowledge of these things are come
unto me from them. And tho’ amongst them the ptincipal members are
_ such as are not touched in private, and therefore need not speak from —
any feeling of the grief, yet we have heard that other gentlemen also of —
_ the House, who stand as free, have spoken as freely in it; which gives us
ee know, raat no ee or interests have moved them emer an :

oS

 

 

    
   
Elizabeth I: “To be a king’ 43

 

love unto us. The zeal of which affection tending to ease my people, and
knit their hearts unto us, I embrace with a princely care far above all
earthly treasures. I esteem my people’s love, more than which I desire
not to merit: and God, that gave me here to sit, and placed me over you,
knows, that I never respected myself, but as your good was conserved in
me; yet what dangers, what practices, and what perils I have passed,
some if not all of you know; but none of these things do move me, or
ever made me fear, but it’s God that hath delivered me.

And in my governing this land, I have ever set the last judgement day
before mine eyes, and so to rule as I shall be judged and answer before a
higher Judge, to whose judgement seat I do appeal: in that never
thought was cherished in my heart that tended not to my people’s good.

And if my princely bounty have been abused; and my grants turned to
the hurt of my people contrary to my will and meaning, or if any in
authority under me have neglected, or converted what I have committed
unto them, I hope God will not lay their culps to my charge.

To be a king, and wear a crown, is a thing more glorious to them that
see it than it’s pleasant to them that bear it: for myself, I never was so
much enticed with the glorious name of a king, or the royal authority of
a queen, as delighted that God hath made me his instrument to maintain
his truth and glory, and to defend this kingdom from dishonour,
damage, tyranny, and oppression. But should I ascribe any of these
things to myself or my sexly weakness, I were not worthy to live, and of
all most unworthy of the mercies I have received at God’s hands, but to
God only and wholly all is given and asctibed.

The cares and troubles of a crown I cannot more fitly resemble
than to the drugs of a learned physician, perfumed with some aromati-
cal savour, or to bitter pills gilded over, by which they are made
more acceptable or less offensive, which indeed are bitter and unpleas-
ant to take; and for my own part, were it not for conscience sake fo" <-
discharge the duty that God hath lay’d upon me, and to maintain his
glory, and keep you in safety, in mine own disposition I should be —
willing to resign the place I hold to any other, and glad to be freed —
of the glory with the labours, for it is not ‘my desire to live nor to
reign, longer than my life and reign shall be for your good. And |
though you have had and may have many mightier and wiser princes
sitting in this seat, yet you never had nor shall have any that will lo y 7
you better, > relia ote eer -* ot eee

Thus, Mr Speaker, I commend me to your loyal loves, and yours to
‘my best care and your further councils; and I pray you, Mt Controule

 

    

    
ee JAILS Le INGE ATO JUSTLY CALLA GdOdgS
eee

and Mr Secretary, and you of my council, that before these gentlemen
depart into their countries, you bring them all to kiss my hand.

KING JAMES I
21 March 1609

‘Kings are justly called Gods’

James VI, King of Scots (1566-1625) and son of Mary, Queen of Scots, became
King James I of England, Scotland and Ireland on the death of Elizabeth I in
1603. His concept of monarchy was based on the doctrine of the divine right of
kings (subsequently challenged and defied with dramatic results during the reign of
= his son, Charles I). E
MPs became ere restless as James, who spoke with a stutter, insisted
on regen reiteration of his divine rights. As this speech demonstrates, he was,
however, willing to make substantial concessions. James admits that in any
advanced society the absolute power of kings is regulated by laws and by an implied
= = contract with the people. ze =e =

    
   
 
   
      

The state of monarchy is the supremest thing upon earth; for kings are
ot only God’s lieutenants upon earth, and sit upon God's throne, but =
even by God himself they are called Gods . ave . *
Kings are justly called Gods, for chat they exetcise a manner or
| ‘resemblance of divine power upon earth. For if you will consider the
= attributes to God, you shall see how they agree in the person of a king.
_ God hath power to create, or destroy, make or unmake at his pleasure, to
ewe life or send death, to judge all, and to be judged nor accountable to
none. To raise low things, and to make high things low at his pleas are,
and to God are both soul and body due. And the like power have Kings:
- they ‘make and unmake their subjects: they have power of raising, and
ee down: of life and oF death: ee over call their c sublet an in

 
 
  
   
  
  
   

ae is due both the affection of the soul, and the ae
; eS ee e
Eliot: ‘The exchequer... is empty 45
ee ee eS SSS eee

laws. In which case the king’s conscience may speak unto him, as the poor
widow said to Philip of Macedon; either govern according to your law,
Aut ne Rex sis. And though no Christian man ought to allow rebellion of
people against their prince, yet doth God never leave kings unpunished
when they transgress these limits; for in that same psalm where God saith
to kings, Vos dii estis, he immediately thereafter concludes, But ye shall die
like men.

The higher we are placed, the greater shall our fall be. Ur casus sic
dolor: the taller the trees be, the more in danger of the wind; and the

tempest beats forest upon the highest mountains. Therefore all kings
that are not tyrants, or perjured, will be glad to bound themselves
within the limits of their laws; and they that persuade them the contrary,
are vipers, and pests, both against them and the commonwealth. Fort it is
a great difference between a king’s government in a settled state, and
what kings in their original power might do in Individuo vago. As for my
part, I thank God, I have ever given good proof, that I never had —
intention to the contrary. And I am sure to go to my grave with that —
reputation and comfort, that never king was in all his time more careful ©
to have his laws duly observed, and himself to govern thereafter, than I.
I conclude then this point touching the power of kings with this
axiom of divinity, that as to dispute what God may do, is blasphemy, but —
quid vult Deus, that divines may lawfully, and do ordinarily dispute and —
discuss; for to dispute A posse ad esse is both against logic and divinity: so —
is it sedition in subjects to dispute what a king may do in the height of —
his power. But just kings will ever be willing to declare what they will —
do, if they will not incur the curse of God. I will not be content that my

  
 

power be disputed upon, but I shall ever be willing to make the reason _
appear of all my doings, and rule my actions according to mylaws.

SSR |OUNLIOT 9 a eee
ia [Une 1628 = ee ee

‘The exchequer... is empty... the jewels pawned’ =

ie ocho i

ment. As a leading defender of the rights of the Commons, be sede this ‘spee
during a debate on the Petition of Right, which proposed that no loan or tax could
be levied by the King without the consent of Parliament. Aas ee

 
46 Eliot: ‘The exchequer . . . is empty’
=n

The ignorance and corruption of our ministers, where can you miss of
instances? If you survey the court, if you survey the country; if the
church, if the city be examined; if you observe the bar, if the bench, if
the ports, if the shipping, if the land, if the seas — all these will render
you variety of proofs; and that in such measure and proportion as shows
the greatness of our disease to be such that, if there be not some speedy
application for remedy, our case is almost desperate.

The exchequer, you know, is empty, and the reputation thereof gone;
the ancient lands are sold; the jewels pawned; the plate engaged; the
debts still great; almost all charges, both ordinary and extraordinary,
borne up by projects! What poverty can be greater? What necessity so
great? What perfect English heart is not almost dissolved into sorrow
for this truth? ...

The oppression of the subject ... needs no demonstration. The whole
kingdom is a proof; and for the exhausting of our treasures, that very
oppression speaks it. What waste of our provisions, what consumption
of our ships, what destruction of our men there hath been. Witness that

_ expedition to Algiers — witness that with Mansfeldt — witness that to
Cadiz — witness the next — witness that to Rhé — witness the last (I pray
God we may never have more such witnesses) — witness, likewise, the
Palatinate — witness Denmark — witness the Turks — witness the Dunkirk-
_ €rs — witness all! What losses we have sustained! How we are impaired
- in munitions, in ships, in men!
_ It is beyond contradiction that we were never so much weakened, nor
ever had less hope how to be restored.
These, Mr Speaker, are our dangers; these are they who do threaten
us, and these are, like the Trojan horse, brought in cunningly to surprise
_us. In these do lurk the strongest of our enemies, ready to issue on us;
and if we do not speedily expel them, these are the signs, these are the
invitations to others! These will so prepare their entrance that we shall
have no means left of refuge or defence. If we have these enemies at
home, how can we strive with those that are abroad? If we be free from
these no other can impeach us. Our ancient English virtue (like the old —
Spartan valour), cleared from these disorders — our being in sincerity of —
se religion and once made friends with Heaven; having maturity of councils, —
i. sufficiency of generals, incorruption of officers, opulency in the King,
= liberty in the people, repletion in treasure, plenty of provisions, repara-

 

tion of ships, preservation of men — our ancient English virtue, I say,

thus rectified, will secure us; and unless there be a speedy reformation in

 
Strafford: ‘You, your estates, your posterity, lie at the stake!’ 47
6 ee ee ee

The King consented reluctantly to the petition four days later — but only after MPs
forcibly held down the Speaker of the House while resolutions were passed
condemning the raising of taxes without parliamentary approval. A year later
Charles I imprisoned Eliot in the Tower of London after he refused to agree that

his speeches had offended the monarchy. He died in the Tower in 1632.

THOMAS WENTWORTH, EARL OF STRAFFORD
13 April 1641

: You, your estates, your posterity, lte at the stake! :

Thomas Wentworth (1593-1641) became the chief idiiae to King Charles Li in
1639 and was made Earl of Strafford and Lord Lieutenant of Ireland.
When Scotland rebelled against Charles, Strafford failed to keep the Scots out
of the north of England and negotiated with Spain for support. He called the
Long Parliament of 1640 in an attempt to outbid John Pym and impeach him for ~
treason for negotiating with the Scots. He was outmanoenvred ana himself i
impeached by Pym for treason. | | =
Pym led his trial before the Lords, when S rd defended bionself with the —
moving eloquence aE this = 3 ’

My lords, I sand an you, chaired with high treason. The burden of
the charge is heavy, yet far the more so because it hath borrowed the
authority of the House of Commons. If they were not interested, I might
expect a no less easy, than I do a safe issue. But let neither my weakness
plead my innocence, nor their power my guilt. If your lordships will
conceive of my defences as they are in themselves, without reference to _
either party — and I shall endeavour so to present them — I hope to go 2
hence as clearly justified by you, as I now | am in | the = ey oe a good =
conscience by myself. _ | = eo | oa
My lords, I have all along, oan Bais charge, watched to see ie =e
poisoned atrow of treason, which some men would fain have feathered _
in my heart; but, in truth, it hath not been in my quickness to discover e
any such evil yet within my breast, though now, perhaps, Bye sinister aS
information, sticking to my clothes .
it is hard, my lords, to be qiaddoned upon a law which cannot hee
a shown! Where hath this fire lain hid for so many hundred years, without —
vs ‘smoke to discover it, till it thus bursts forth to consume me and my

 

 

Sa

 
48 Strafford: “You, your estates, your posterity, lie at the stake!’

ee ee a ig Ge, HE TG a gen AS ee ee eer a rem ere nn

children? My lords, do we not live under laws? and must we be
punished by laws before they are made? Far better were it to live by no
laws at all, but to be governed by those characters of virtue and
discretion which Nature hath stamped upon us, than to put this necessity
of divination upon a man, and to accuse him of a breach of law before it
is a law at all! If a waterman upon the Thames split his boat by grating
upon an anchor, and the same have no buoy appended to it, the owner
of the anchor is to pay the loss; but if a buoy be set there, every man
passeth upon his own peril. Now, where is the mark, where is the token
set upon the crime to declare it to be high treason?

_ My lords, be pleased to give that regard to the peerage of England as
never to expose yourselves to such moot points, such constructive
interpretations of law. If there must be a trial of wits, let the subject
matter be something else than the lives and honour of peers! It will be
wisdom for yourselves and your posterity to cast into the fire those
bloody and mysterious volumes of constructive and arbitrary treason, as
the primitive Christians did their books of curious arts, and betake

yourselves to the plain letter of the law and statute, which telleth what
is, and what is not, treason, without being ambitious to be more learned
in the art of killing than our forefathers. These gentlemen tell us that
they speak in defence of the Commonwealth against my arbitrary laws.

_ Give me leave to say I speak in defence of the Commonwealth against
their arbitrary treason!

It is now full two hundred and forty years since any man was touched
for this alleged crime to this height before myself. Let us not awaken
those sleeping lions to our destruction, by taking up a few musty
records that have lain by the walls for so many ages, forgotten or
neglected.

My lords, what is my present misfortune may be for ever yours! It is
not the smallest part of my grief that not the crime of treason, but my
other sins, which are exceeding many, have brought me to this bar; and,
except your lordships’ wisdom provide against it, the shedding of my
blood may make way for the tracing out of yours. You, your estates,
your posterity, lie at the stake!

 

 
JOHN PYM
13 April 1641

‘He should perish by the justice of that law
which he would have subverted’

Sensing that the great occasion of his life had come, Pym rose as Strafford finished
his defence. ‘With him,’ says John Forster (in The Statesman of the Common-
wealth of England), ‘i¢ now finally rested whether or not the privileges so long
contested, and the rights so long misunderstood, of the great body of the people
should win at last their assured consummation and acknowledgement.

Pym was convinced Strafford was morally guilty whether or not the laws
declared him technically innocent. He immediately answered Strafford’s opening
barb about the ‘poisoned arrow of treason’. |

My lords, many days have been spent in maintenance of the impeachment
of the Earl of Strafford by the House of Commons, whereby he stands —
charged with high treason; and your lordships have heard his defence _
with patience, and with as much favour as justice will allow. We have ‘Ss
passed through our evidence; and the result is, that it remains clearly —
proved that the Earl of Strafford hath endeavoured by his words, —
actions, and counsels, to subvert the fundamental laws of England and :
Ireland, and to introduce an arbitrary and tyrannical government. ]

This is the envenomed arrow for which he inquired in the begin-
ning of his replication this day, which hath infected all his blood; this —
is that intoxicating cup (to use his own metaphor) which hath
tainted his judgement, and poisoned his heart! From hence was infused
that specifical difference which turned his speeches, his actions, his
counsels into treason — not cumulative, as he expressed it, as if many
misdemeanours could make one treason; but formally and essentially. —
It is the end that doth inform actions, and doth specificate the nature
of them, making not only criminal, but even indifferent, words and
actions, to be treason, when done and spoken with a treasonable —
intention.

That which is given to me in charge is to shew the quality of the
offence, how heinous it is in the nature, how mischievous in the effect of
it; which will best appear, if it be examined by that law to which he —
_ himself appealed, that universal, that supreme law, Salus Populi. This

 
50 Pym: ‘He should perish by the justice of that law’
ee ee ee

the element of all laws, out of which they are derived: the end of all
laws, to which they are designed, and in which are they perfected. How
far it stands in opposition to this law, I shall endeavour to show; in
some considerations, which I shall present to your lordships, arising out
of the evidence which hath been opened.

The first is this — it is an offence comprehending all other offences,
Here you shall find several treasons, murthers, rapines, oppressions,
perjuries. The earth hath a seminary vittue, whereby it doth produce all
herbs and plants, and other vegetables: there is in this crime a seminary
of all evils hurtful to a state; and if you consider the reasons of it, it must
needs be so. —
The law is that which puts a difference betwixt good and evil, betwixt _
just and unjust. If you take away the law, all things will fall into a
confusion. Every man will become a law to himself, which, in the
depraved condition of human nature, must needs produce many great
enormities. Lust will become a law, and envy will become a law,
covetousness and ambition will become laws; and what dictates, what
decisions such laws will produce, may aT be discerned in the late
a of Ireland! 3 3
Ces ‘The law hath a power to prevent, to restrain, to repair evils. Without
es this, all kinds of mischief and distempers will break in upon a state. It is
the law that doth entitle the King to the allegiance and service of his
| people; it entitles the people to the protection and ; justice of the King. 34
is God alone who subsists by himself; all other things subsist in a mutual _

dependence and relation. He was a wise man that said that the King |
subsisted by the field that is tilled: it is the labour of the people that

supports the crown. If you take away the protection of the King, the —
vigour and cheerfulness of allegiance will be taken away, though the =
: obligation Tenaing == ae | |
_ The law is the boundary, the measure, betwixt the King’ S prerogative
and the people’s liberty. Whilst these move in their own orbs, they area _
support and a security to one another — the prerogative a cover and =
defence to the liberty of the people, and the people by their liberty =
enabled to be a foundation to the prerogative; but if these bounds be so
removed that they enter into contestation and conflict, one of these |
i seapenicts must ensue —- if the Pesrogs0s, of the et overwheli nei =

 

 

 

: “the prerogative, it will grow into aneechs = a
It is the end of government, that virtue Paar be cherished, |

_ suppressed but where this arbitrary and uolinived power is set 5

 
Pym: ‘He should perish by the justice of that law’ ay

nnn inn InnEE IE nInEE SISSIES EEE

way is open not only for the security, but for the advancement and
encouragement of evil. Such men as arte apt for the execution and
maintenance of this power are only capable of preferment; and others
who will not be instruments of any unjust commands, who make a
conscience to do nothing against the laws of the kingdom and liberties
of the subjects, are not only not passable for employment, but subject to
much jealousy and danger. It is the end of government, that all accidents
and events, all counsels and designs, should be improved to the public
good; but this arbitrary power is apt to dispose all to the maintenance of
itself. The wisdom of the council-table, the authority of the courts of
justice, the industry of all the officers of the crown, have been most
carefully exercised in this; the learning of our divines, the jurisdiction of
our bishops, have been moulded and disposed to the same effect; which,
though it were begun before the Earl of Strafford’s employment, yet
hath been exceedingly furthered and advanced by him. Under this colour
and pretence of maintaining the King’s power and prerogative, many
dangerous practices against the peace and safety of the kingdom have
been undertaken and promoted. The increase of popery, and the favours
and encouragement of papists, have been, and still are, a great grievance
and danger to the kingdom. |

The invocation, in matters of religion, upon usurpations of the clergy,
the manifold burthens and taxations upon the people, have been a great
cause of our present distempers and disorders; and yet those who have
been chief furtherers and actors of such mischiefs have had their credit
and authority from this, that they were forward to maintain this power.
The Earl of Strafford had the first rise of his greatness from this; and in

his apology and defence, as yout lordships have heard, this hath had a 2
main patt. |

The royal power and majesty of kings is only glorious i in. 7 prosperity
and happiness of the people. The perfection of all things consists in the end i
for which they were ordained. God only is his own end. All other thir
have a further end beyond themselves, in attaining whereof their own
happiness consists. If the means and the end be set in opposition 4 on
another, it must needs cause an impotency and defect of both...

This treason, if it had taken effect, was to be a stan ling, f
treason, which would have been in ‘continual act; not dete <e nit ned w
one time or age, but transmitted to pee even from one Bs re
a another. — a,

The last consideration is this ~ that as it is a crime oxo in
Cee of i he so it is odious i in the judgement and estimation of the |

 

 

   
    
   
    
 
   
52 Pym: “The cry of all England’
a et ee

To alter the settled frame and constitution of government, is treason ip
any state. The laws whereby all other parts of a kingdom are preserved
would be very vain and defective, if they had not a power to secure and
preserve themselves...

The forfeitures inflicted for treason, by our law, are of life, honour,
and estate, even all that can be forfeited; and this prisoner having
committed so many treasons, although he should pay all these forfeitures,
will be still a debtor to the commonwealth. Nothing can be more equal
than that he should perish by the justice of that law which he would
have subverted. Neither will this be a new way of blood. There are marks
enough to trace this law to the very original of this kingdom; and if it
hath not been put in execution, as he allegeth, these 240 years, it was not

for want of law, but that all that time hath not bred a man bold enough
to commit such crimes as these!

ae eee? was abandoned by the King and beheaded before a crowd of 200,000 on
= Z ——

JOHN PYM
11 January 1642

‘The “ry of all England

  

A fier Se published the Grand nepiinin a statement of the King’s

: _ misgovernment and the grievances of the people, he was one of five Members of
Parliament whom the King named for high treason on 3 January.

The five accused members withdrew from the Commons to the cety. When the
King arrived with an armed force to seize them, he made his. famous remark: ‘I see
all the birds are flown.’ As the humiliated King left London for Hampton Court,

the securely guarded Commons welcomed back the five members, led by Pym, who
tad become director of the State.

Next day he expounded to a joint conference of js Lords and Commons on ae
aaah in which the country stood. The speech — the ‘cry of all England’ — was a

masterpiece — and revolutionary in its declaration that the Commons were —

Prepared to act independently of the Lords and that the Commons Ae
EL ee NOD: | s

 

The Civil War was now imminent. Pym wane leader of the parliamentary
a party | |

 
Pym: ‘The cry of all England 3 a2

 

My lords, in these four petitions you may hear the voice, or rather the cry,
of all England; and you cannot wonder if the urgency, the extremity of
the condition wherein we are, do produce some earnestness and vehem-
ency of expression more than ordinary. The agony, terror, and perplexity
in which the kingdom labours, are universal; all parts are affected with

them; and therefore in these you may observe the groans and miserable
complaints of all.

Divers reasons may be given why those diseases which are epidemical
are more dangerous than others. First, the cause of such diseases is
universal and supernal, and not from an evil constitution, or evil diet, or
any other accident; such causes, therefore, work with more vigour and
efficacy than those which are particular and inferior. Secondly, in such
diseases there is a communicative quality, whereby the malignity of them
is multiplied and enforced. Thirdly, they have a converting, transforming
power, that turns other diseases and ill affections of men’s bodies into
their own nature . ee

We have often ated under the misinterpretation of good actions,
and false imputation of evil ones which we never intended; so that we
may justly purge ourselves from all guilt of being authors of this
jealousy and misunderstanding. We have been, and are still, ready to
serve His Majesty with our lives and fortunes, with as much cheerfulness
and earnestness of affection as ever any subjects were; and we doubt not
but our proceedings will so manifest this, that we shall be as clear in

the apprehension of the world, as we are in 1 the testimony of c our own
consciences. a= ; :

_ Tam now come to a conclusion. T have nothing to propound t to your
lordships by way of request or desire from the House of Commons. I
doubt not but your judgements will tell you what is to be done. Your
consciences, your honours, your interests, will call upon you for the
doing of it. The commons will be glad to have your concurrence and
help in saving of the kingdom; but, if they fail of it, it shall not
discourage them in doing their duty. And whether the kingdom be fost — zs
ot saved (I hope, through God’s blessing, it will be saved!), they shall be
sorry that the story of this present Parliament should tell posterity that,
in so great a danger and extremity, the House of Commons should be .
enforced to save the kingdom alone, and that the peers should have no |
_ Part in the honour of the preservation of it, having so great an interest —
in the good success of those endeavours in respect of their aoe estates
aed high degrees of nobility. |

iy tds, consider what the present necessities and dangers of he

 

 

 
54 Rainborowe: ‘The poorest he’
a

commonwealth require, what the commons have reason to expect, to
?
what endeavours and counsels the concurrent desires of all the people do

invite you! So that, applying yourselves to the preservation of the king
and kingdom, I may be bold to assure you, in the name of al] the
commons of England, that you shall be bravely seconded! )

THOMAS RAINBOROWE
29 October 1647

“The poorest he’

The Levellers wanted all free-born Englishmen to sign a social contract, an
Agreement of the People, and to enjoy full rights of participation in a decentralized,
democratic state. It was their commitment to religious freedom, however, that
attracted Oliver Cromwell and his army, officers and men. At the Putney debates,
held near Putney church to the south of London in 1647, Cromwell's officers and
army agitators debated the Leveller proposals. The Leveller, Colonel Rainborowe,
argued the soldiers’ case — that since it was they who had won the victory, they
_ should now be allowed to vote.

    
 
 

The poorest he that is in England hath a life to live, as the greatest he;
_ and therefore truly, sir, I think it’s clear, that every man that is to live
_ under a government ought first by his own consent to put himself under
that government, and I do think that the poorest man in England is not
__at all bound in a strict sense to that government that he hath not had a
voice to put himself under; and I am confident that, when I have heard _
_ the reasons against it, something will be said to answer those reasons, _
_ insomuch that I should doubt whether he was an Englishman or no, that _
—vehould dowbt of these things ."—- “<a 2 Ae
a : I do very much care whether [there be] a king or no king, lords or n > os
_ lords, property or no property; and I think, if we do not all take care, —
we shall all have none of these very shortly. I do hear nothing at all that
can convince me, why any man that is born in England ought not
_ have his voice in election of burgesses. It is said that if a man h
permanent interest, he can have no claim; and [that] we must.
than the laws will let us be, and that there is no [law in any
ill let us be freer than that we [now] enjoy. Something

     
      
 
        
   

 

  

fa:
Charles I: ‘I go from a corruptible to an incorruptible crown’ a5

 

yesterday. I do think that the main cause why Almighty God gave men
reason, it was that they should make use of that reason, and that they
should improve it for that end and purpose that God gave it them. And
truly, I think that half a loaf is better than none if a man be anhungry:
[this gift of reason without other property may seem a small thing], yet I
think there is nothing that God hath given a man that any [one] else can
take from him. And therefore I say, that either it must be the Law of
God or the law of man that must prohibit the meanest man in the
kingdom to have this benefit as well as the greatest. I do not find
anything in the Law of God, that a lord shall choose twenty burgesses,
and a gentleman but two, or a poor man shall choose none: I find no
such thing in the Law of Nature, nor in the Law of Nations. But I do
find that all Englishmen must be subject to English laws, and I do verily
believe that there is no man but will say that the foundation of all law
lies in the people, and if [it lie] in the people, I am to seek for this
exemption.

KING CHARLES I
30 January 1649

 

‘I go from a corruptible to an incorruptible crown’

The trial and execution of Charles I was something new and terrible. It shocked
all Europe. The Stuart court — whose favourite entertainment was the masque
eulogizing the divine right of kings — was a carefully staged affair, isolated from
the King’s subjects. So it seemed that his trial and execution were only the last acts
in a drama, with the King playing a central, magnificent role. 3

It was bitterly cold on the day of the execution; the King walked between rows
of armed guards from St James to Whitehall. At the Banqueting House he passed
under the Rubens ceiling he had commissioned in honour of his father, James I, the —
great proponent of the King’s supremacy on earth. He stepped out of a window ee
the palace on to the black-draped scaffold; fearing reprisals, the executioner and
his assistant were masked and disguised beyond recognition. The block was built —
low purposely and the crowd was kept far back to hear the King’s last words; be
addressed only the group around him. Charles Stuart, ‘that man of blood’, accused
of waging war against his people, now propagated his own myth: to this day he is
commemorated as ‘Charles the Martyr’, a most potent description of his own —
_ making. As the executioner held up the severed head, a great groan escaped from

 
56 Charles I: ‘I go from a corruptible to an incorruptible crown’
a

the crowd, and women fainted. A few intrepid souvenir hunters rushed forward to
dip handkerchiefs in the blood.

I shall be very little heard of anybody here; I shall therefore speak a
word unto you here; indeed I could hold my peace very well, if I did not
think that holding my peace would make some men think that I did
submit to the guilt, as well as to the punishment; but I think it is my
duty to God first and then to my country for to clear myself both as an
honest man and a good king and a good Christian. I shall begin first
_ with my innocency. In troth I think it not very needful for me to insist
long upon this, for all the world knows that I never did begin a war
with the two Houses of Parliament, and I call God to witness, to whom
I must shortly make my account, that I never did intend for to encroach
upon their privileges; they began upon me, it is the militia, they began
upon, they contest that the militia was mine, but they thought it fit for
to have it from me; and to be short, if anybody will look to the dates of
the commissions, of their commissions and mine, and likewise to the
declarations, will see clearly that they began these unhappy troubles, not
___I; so that as the guilt of these enormous crimes that are laid against me, I
hope in God that God will clear me of it, I will not, I am in charity;
- God forbid that I should lay it upon the two Houses of Parliament;
there is no necessity of either, I hope they are free of this guilt, for I do
_ believe that ill instruments between them and me has been the chief
__ cause of all this bloodshed; so that by way of speaking as I find myself
_ Clear of this, I hope (and pray God) that they may too: yet for all this,
_ God forbid that I should be so ill a Christian as not to say that God’s
_ judgements are just upon me: many times he does pay justice by an
_ unjust sentence, that is ordinary; I will only say this, that an unjust
sentence that I suffered for to take effect is punished now, by an unjust
‘sentence upon me; that is, so far I have said, to show you that I am an
innocent man. ee | .
Now for to show you that I am a good Christian: I hope there is a
: a good man that will bear me witness, that I have forgiven all the world; —
even those in particular that have been the chief causes of my death;
_ who they are, God knows, I do not desire to know, I pray God forgive _
_ them. But this is not all; my charity must go farther, I wish that they _
_ may repent, for indeed they have committed a great sin in that particular; —
_ I pray God with Saint Stephen that they may take the right way ta the
_ Peace of the kingdom, for my charity commands me not only to forg
Particular men, but my charity commands me to endeavour to |

 

 
   
  
   
     
 

 

  
Charles I: ‘I go from a corruptible to an incorruptible crown’ oF

 

gasp the peace of the kingdom: so, sirs, I do with all my soul, and I do
hope (there is some here will carry it further) that they may endeavour
the peace of the kingdom. Now, sirs, I must show you both how you
are out of the way and will put you in a way; first, you are out of the
way, for certainly all the way you ever had yet as I could find by
anything is in the way of conquest; certainly this is an ill way, for
conquest, sif, in my opinion is never just, except there be a good just
cause, either for the matter of wrong or just title, and then if you go
beyond it, the first quarrel that you have to it, that makes it unjust at the
end, that was just as first: But if it be only matter of conquest, then it is
a great robbery; as a pirate said to Alexander, that he was the great
robber, he was but a petty robber; and so, sir, I do think the way that
you are in, is much out of the way.

Now, sir, for to put you in the way, believe it you will never do
right, nor God will never prosper you, until you give God his due,
the King his due (that is, my successor), and the people their due; I
am as much for them as any of you; you must give God his due by
regulating rightly his church according to his Scripture which is now
out of order: for to set you in a way particularly now I cannot, but
only this, a national synod freely called, freely debating among —
themselves, must settle this, when that every opinion is freely and clearly
heard. — : |

For the king, indeed I will not... [A+ this point a gentleman touched
the axe and the King said, ‘Hurt not the axe that may burt me.’\ For
the King: the laws of the land will clearly instruct you for that; there-
fore, because it concerns my own particular, I only give you a touch
of it. 3

For the people. And truly I desire their liberty and freedom, as much
as anybody whomsoever; but I must tell you that their liberty and their
freedom consists in having of government those laws by which their life
and their goods may be most their own. It is not for having share in —
government, sir, that is nothing pertaining to them. A subject and a | |
sovereign are clean different things; and therefore, until they do that, I
mean, that you do put the people in that liberty as I Say, certainly they oat
will never enjoy themselves. e eee 3 are

Sits, it was for this that now I am come here: if I would have given | Se
‘way to an arbitrary way, for to have all laws changed according to the —
power of the sword, I needed not to have come here; and therefore, I
tell you (and I pray God it be not laid to your charge) that I am the |
martyr of the people. tet eS Se

Sais"
. ge
—

 
I$ Cromwell: ‘In the name of God, gol’

a

In troth, sirs, I shall not hold you much longer; for I will only say this
to you, that in truth I could have desired some little time longer,
because that I would have put this I have said in a little more order, and
a little better digested, than I have done; and therefore | hope you wil]
excuse me,

I have delivered my conscience, I pray God, that you do take those
courses that are best for the kingdom, and your own salvation.

[Dr Juxon: Will Your Majesty (though it may be very well known Your

Majesty's affections to religion, yet it may be expected that you should) say
Somewhat to the world’s satisfaction.)

1 thank you very heartily, my lord, for that; I had almost forgotten it. In
troth, sits, my conscience in religion, I think, is very well known to the
world; and therefore I declare before you all that I die a Christian
according to the profession of the church of England, as I found it left
_me by my father; and this honest man [pointing to Dr Juxon] will witness
it. Sirs, excuse me for this same. I have a good cause, and I have a gracious
God; I will say no more. I go from a corruptible to an incorruptible
-_ erown, where no disturbance can be, no disturbance in the world.

OLIVER CROMWELL
20 April 1653

“In the name of God, go! 2

   

. : By 16 5 2 Obner Cromwell (1 599-1 658 ) was becoming increasingly impatient
= with the Rump Parliament. It had sat since the execution of Charles I in 1649
and was reluctant to dissolve itself. Cromwell wanted an interim council of MPs |

Ct and officers to work out a new constitution. On 19 A pril, the Rumpers had
agreed to discuss dissolution. So Cromwell was infuriated the following day when be y
: ee they were pushing through an act to prolong their sitting. :
ae He hastened to the House but left a file of musketeers at the door a * Se =
: phe: At jirst he sat slumped in his seat. Then he began to speak. He pat ¢ on bi.
_ Pat and walked up and down in the middle of the House and as his anger increas )
started kicking the ground and shouting. He was finally provoked nd enh

a when Sir Peter Wentworth accused him of using ee langnags. ‘i i (Si
the walls of Parliament’. :

 

   
  
     

  
Cromwell: ‘Let God be judge between me and you oF

a a re ee eee

It is high time for me to put an end to your sitting in this place, which
you have dishonouted by your contempt of all virtue, and defiled by your
practice of every vice; ye are a factious crew, and enemies to all good
government; ye are a pack of mercenary wretches, and would like Esau sell
your country for a mess of pottage, and like Judas betray your God for a
few pieces of money; is there a single virtue now remaining amongst you?
is there one vice you do not possess? ye have no more religion than my
horse; gold is your God; which of you have not barter’d your conscience
for bribes? is there a man amongst you that has the least care for the good of
the Commonwealth? ye sordid prostitutes have you not defil’d this sacred
place, and turn’d the Lord’s temple into a den of thieves, by your immoral
principles and wicked practices? Ye are grown intolerably odious to the
whole nation; you were deputed here by the people to get grievances
redress’d, are yourselves become the greatest grievance. Your country
therefore calls upon me to cleanse this Augean stable, by putting a final —
period to your iniquitous proceedings in this House; and which by God’s
help, and the strength he has given me, I am now come to do; I command ~
ye therefore, upon the peril of your lives, to depart immediately out of this
place; go, get you out! Make haste! Ye venal slaves be gone! So! Take away
that shining bauble there, and lock up the doors. In the name of God, go! _

The ‘bauble’ was the parliamentary mace, which Cromwell gave to a musketeer
before removing the Speaker of the House. After the speech the House was locked
and the key and the mace carried away. On the same afternoon Cromwell dissolved
the Council of State. As Commander in Chief of the army, he remained as sole
ruler. = SS = 2
The speech was quoted by the British Conservative MP Leo Amery on 7 May
1940, when he demanded the resignation of Neville Chamberlain, the Prime

Minister. Winston Churchill succeeded Chamberlain three days later.

 

- OLIVER CROMWEbEs Se Se
“4 February 1658 ee
‘Let God be judge between me and you — Seat saat -

Oliver Cromwell’s first Protectorate Parliament insisted on trying to amend | he
= 1653 Constitution to bring the executive under parliamentary control and was
dissolved in January 1655. ‘It is not for the profit of these natio ns, nor for

 

 
60 Cromwell: ‘Let God be Judge between me and you’

eee ee ee

common and public good, for you to continue here any longer,’ Cromwell told them,

adding in familiar words, ‘And therefore I do declare unto you, that I do dissolve
this Parliament.’

A year later Cromwell, needing to raise money to wage war on the Dutch and
to obtain a legal basis Sor his power, was forced to call another Parliament. A bout
100 radical MPs were excluded from the second Protectorate Parliament, which
amended the Constitution so that Cromwell could name his successor and added a
second chamber. Yet after he accepted the new Constitution, the excluded radicals

were allowed to sit and about thirty of his supporters were promoted to the second
chamber. When the radicals started to attack the second chamber and to air the
_ Soldiers’ grievances, Cromwell once again lost his temper. He ordered a coach to
Westminster, strengthened himself with a cup of ale and delivered a violent speech
defending the concept of a second chamber and dissolving a Parliament by personal

| ae fe the third time.

My Lords, and gentlemen of the House of Commons, I had very
comfortable expectations that God would make the meeting of this
Parliament a blessing; and, the Lord be my witness, I desired the
<< Carrying on the affairs of the nation to these ends. The blessing which I
mean, and which we ever climbed at, was mercy, truth, righteousness,
and peace, which I desired might be improved.
_ That which brought me into the capacity I now stand in was the —
petition and advice given me by you, who, in reference to the ancient me
- constitution, did draw me to accept the place of Protector. There is not. E.
a man living can say I sought it; no, not a man or woman treading upon 3
English ground. But contemplating the sad condition of these nations, —
relieved from an intestine war into a six or seven years’ peace, I did
think the nation happy therein. But to be petitioned thereunto, and
advised by you to undertake such a government, a burden too heavy for
_ any creature; and this to be done by the House that then had th ‘
— legislative capacity — certainly I did look that the same men who made
_ the frame should make it good unto me. I can say in the a
_ God, in comparison with whom we are but like poor creeping ants t
_the earth, I would have been glad to have lived under my woodulel

have kept a flock of sheep, rather than undertaken such a governmen
_ this. But undertaking it by the advice and petition of you, I did
_ that you who had offered it unto me should make it good. ee

I did tell you, at a conference concerning it, that I woule
ee a derahe it, unless there might be some other persons to int erp
Ma _ between me and the House of Commons, who ther had the} powe

ay

 
    
  
 
   
   
   
    

 

 
Cromwell: ‘Let God be judge between me and you’ 61
ee ee ee ee ee eee ee A ae ee ee ee

prevent tumultuary and popular spirits; and it was granted I should
name another house. I named it of men that shall meet you wheresoever

you go, and shake hands with you, and tell you it is not titles, nor lords,
nor patty that they value, but a Christian and an English interest — men
of your own rank and quality, who will not only be a balance unto you,
but to themselves, while you love England and religion.

Having proceeded upon these terms, and finding such a spirit as is
too much dominant, everything being too high or too low, when virtue,
honesty, piety, and justice are omitted, I thought I had been doing that
which was my duty, and thought it would have satisfied you; but, if
everything must be too high or too low, you ate not to be satisfied.

Again, I would not have accepted of the government, unless I knew
there would be a just accord between the governor and the governed,
unless they would take an oath to make good what the Parliament's —
petition and advice advise me unto. Upon that I took an oath, and they
took another oath upon their part, answerable to mine; and did not
every one know upon what condition he swore? God knows I took it
upon the conditions expressed in the act of government, and I did think
we had been upon a foundation and upon a bottom, and thereupon I
thought myself bound to take it, and to be advised by the two Houses of
Parliament; and we standing unsettled till we were arrived at that, the

consequences would necessarily have been confusion, if that had not
been settled. Yet there are not constituted hereditary lords, nor hereditary
kings, the power consisting in the two Houses and myself. I do not say
that was the meaning of the oath to yourselves; that were to go against
my own principles, to enter upon another man’s conscience. God will
judge between me and you. If there had been in you any intention of
settlement, you would have settled upon this basis, and have offered —
your judgement and opinion. ee | a ee

God is my witness, I speak it; it is evident to all the world, and all ie
people living, that a new business hath been seeking in the army against ;
this actual settlement made by your own consent. I do not speak to these
gentlemen or lords (pointing to his right hand), ot whatsoever you will call _
them. I speak not this to them, but to you; you advised me to run into :
this place, to be in capacity by your advice, yet, instead of owning a
thing taken for granted, some must have I know not what; and you have
not only disjointed yourselves, but the whole nation, which is in _
likelihood of running into more confusion in these fifteen or sixteen _

 

days that you have sat, than it hath been from the rising of the last
through the intention of devising a commonwealth

session to this day,

 
  

62 Cromwell: ‘Let God be judge between me and you’
er na eR ea Ee ee a eit a

again, that some of the people might be the men that might rule all; and
they are endeavouring to engage the army to carry that thing. And hath
that man been true to this nation, whosoever he be, especially that hath
taken an oath, thus to prevaricate? These designs have been made
among the army to break and divide us. I speak this in the presence of
some of the army, that these things have not been according to God,
nor according to truth, pretend what you will. These things tend to
nothing else but the playing the King of Scots game, if I may so call
him, and I think myself bound to do what I can to prevent it.

That which I told you in the banqueting-house was true, that there
were preparations of force to invade us. God is my witness, it has been
confirmed to me since, not a day ago, that the King of Scots hath an
army at the waterside, ready to be shipped for England. I have it from
those who have been eye-witnesses of it; and while it is doing there are
endeavours from some, who are not far from this place, to stir up the
people of this town into a tumulting. What if I had said into a rebellion?
It hath been not only your endeavour to pervert the army, while you
have been sitting, and to draw them to state the question about the
commonwealth, but some of you have been listing of persons, by
commission of Charles Stuart, to join with any insurrection that may be
made. And what is like to come upon this, the enemy being ready to
invade us, but ever present blood and confusion? And if this be so, I do
assign it to this cause — your not assenting to what you did invite me to
by your petition and advice, as that which might be the settlement of the
nation. And if this be the end of your sitting, and this be your carriage, | —

think it high time that an end be put to your sitting, and I do dissolve a

this Parliament; and let God be judge between me and you.

  

 
 
JOHN WINTHROP
1630

‘We shall be as a city upon a hill’

The Massachusetts Bay Company was founded in 1629 after inheriting a
struggling plantation at Naumkeag (now Salem) in New England. In 1630 it
put to sea a fleet of eleven ships, carrying 700 passengers, 240 cows, 60 horses,
the royal charter of the company (so that self-government was legally possible)
and a leader, John site eae 88-1650), the paernet of the company and the
colony. |
Winthrop, a Suffolk eka who came from the same generation as Pym and
Cromwell, was the first great American. It was his decision to establish the seat
of government on the Shawmat peninsula (which became Boston); his faith
sustained the settlers through the starving winter after their arrival, and he led the |
Puritans in stamping their character on A merican society. :
Winthrop set out his vision of government in the New World in this famous
sermon made on board the Arbella as it sailed the Atlantic to New England. —
After an elaborate discussion of Christian love and charity, he concluded by |
speaking of the great work on which my had embarked and the means by which it —
was to be accomplished. : 4

 

Thus stands the case between God and us. We are entered into a
covenant with him for this work. We have taken out a commission. The
Lord hath given us leave to draw our own articles. We have professed
to enterprise these and those ends, upon these and those accounts. We
have hereupon besought of him favor and blessing. Now if the Lord ©
shall please to hear us, and bring us in peace to the place we desire, then =
hath he ratified this covenant and sealed our commission, and will : =
expect a strict performance of the articles contained in it; but if we shall —
neglect the observation of these articles which are the ends. we have
propounded, and, dissembling ‘with our God, shall fall to embrace. hi
present world and prosecute our carnal intentions, seeking great things
for ourselves and our posterity, the Lord will surely break out in wrat cae
= against us; be revenged of such a (sinful) peoples and make us know the |
Fess of the breach of sucha covenant. _ | <<
Now the only way to avoid this shipwreck, and to provide | f fo:
= - our pores is to follow the counsel of Micah, to do justly, to tare nercy,

 

   

Sb ee aie
66 John Winthrop: ‘We shall be as a city upon a hill’

a I

to walk humbly with our God. For this end, we must be knit together, in

this work, as one man. We must entertain each other in brotherly

affection. We must be willing to abridge ourselves of our super-

fluities, for the supply of other’s necessities. We must uphold a familiar

commerce together in all meekness, gentleness, patience, and liberality,

We must delight in each other; make other’s condition our own: rejoice

together, mourn together, labor and _ suffer together, always having

before our eyes our commission and community in the work, as

members of the same body. So shall we keep the unity of the spirit in the

bond of peace. The Lord will be our God, and delight to dwell among

us, as his own people, and will command a blessing upon us in all our

ways. So that we shall see much more of his wisdom, power, goodness

and truth, than formerly we have been acquainted with. We shall find

that the God of Israel is among us, when ten of us shall be able to

- fesist a thousand of our enemies; when he shall make us a praise and a

_ glory, that men shall say of succeeding plantations, ‘The Lord make

it likely that of New England.’ For we must consider that we shall be
asa city upon a hill. The eyes of all people are upon us.

So that if we shall deal falsely with our God in this work we have

— “undertaken, and so cause him to withdraw his present help from us,

yes we shall be made a story and a by-word throughout the world. We _

. shall open the mouths of enemies to speak evil of the ways of God, —

and all professors for God’s sake. We shall shame the faces of many of | ;

- God’s worthy servants, and cause their prayers to be turned into curses _

 

I shall shut up this discourse with that exhortation of Moses, that
faithful servant of the Lord, in his last farewell to Israel (Deuteronomy
_ 30). Beloved, there is now set before us life and good, death and evil, ia “%
_ that we are commanded this day to love the Lord our God, and to lov
one another, to walk in his ways and to keep his commandments and |

| . possess it. But 7 ote ae —. — >
o that we will not obey, but shall be seduced, and worship and ser

Gods, our pleasure and profits, and serve them; it is propoun

as this day, we shall surely perish out of the good land whither

ver this vast sea to possess it; therefore let us choose life th
sed may live, by obeying his voice and cleaving to him,
 

Hamilton: ‘The cause of liberty’ 67

a

The ‘city upon a bill’ section of the sermon is chiselled in stone on Boston Common.
The words were used by both President Kennedy and, frequently, President

Reagan.

ANDREW HAMILTON
4 August 1735

‘The cause of liberty’

Andrew Hamilton (1656-1741), the most eloquent advocate in Pennsylvania, was

eighty when a New York printer, John Zenger, was imprisoned on a charge of
seditious libel after his paper, the New York Weekly Journal, attacked the
government. Hamilton went from Philadelphia to New York to plead for Zenger,

arguing that juries were judges ae the law and that if a statement was true it was
not a libel.

As he reached his conclusion, Hamilton declared that what was at stake was
not the cause of a poor printer — but of America and liberty.

The loss of liberty to a generous mind is worse than death; and yet
we know there have been those in all ages who, for the sake of
preferment or some imaginary honor, have freely lent a helping hand
to oppress, nay, to destroy, their country. This brings to my mind
that saying of the immortal Brutus, when he looked upon the creatures

of Caesar, who wete very great men, but by no means good men:
“You Romans,’ said Brutus, ‘if yet I may call you so, consider what
you are doing; remember that you are assisting Caesar to bores those
very chains which one day he will make yourselves wear.’ This is
what every man that values freedom ought to consider; he should act _
by judgement and not by affection or self-interest; for where those —
prevail, no ties of either country or kindred are regarded; as, ‘upon >
the other hand, the man who loves his country prefers its liberty ees
all other considefations, well knowing” hat without are titer is” te
Satiee atiy justly be aaa to a great river; — tape ithine a :
bounds, it is both beautiful and useful, but when it overflows its banks,
_ it is then too impetuous to be stemmed; it bears down all before it, and
a2 brings destruction and desolation wherever it comes. If, then, this be t

% nature a power, let us at ‘east de our aay. and, like wie 2 men T

 
  
  

  
68 Hamilton: ‘The cause of liberty’

Sennen

 

 

value freedom, use our utmost care to support liberty, the only bulwark
against lawless power, which, in all ages, has sacrificed to its wild lust
and boundless ambition the blood of the best men that ever lived,

I hope to be pardoned, sir, for my zeal upon this occasion. It is an old
and wise caution that ‘when our neighbor’s house is on fire, we ought to
take care of our own’. For though, blessed be God, I live in a
government where liberty is well understood and freely enjoyed, yet
experience has shown us all (1 am sure it has to me) that a bad precedent
in one government is soon set up for an authority in another; and
therefore I cannot but think it mine and every honest man’s duty that,
while we pay all due obedience to men in authority, we ought, at the
Same time, to be upon our guard against power whetever we apprehend
that it may affect ourselves or our fellow subjects.

_ I am truly very unequal to such an undertaking, on many accounts.
And you see I labor under the weight of many years and am borne down

- with great infirmities of body; yet old and weak as I am, I should think

it my duty, if required, to go to the utmost part of the land, where my

_ Service could be of any use in assisting to quench the flame of prosecu-
__ tions upon informations, set on foot by the government to deprive a
people of the right of remonstrating, and complaining too, of thes
arbitrary attempts of men in power. Men who injure and oppress the

3 _ people under their administration provoke them to cry out and complain, |
and then make that very complaint the foundation for new oppressions
and prosecutions. I wish I could say there were no instances of this kind. _
But, to conclude, the question before the court, and you, gentlemen of — |
the jury, is not of small nor private concern; it is not the cause of a poor
printer, nor of New York alone, which you are now trying. No! It may, — |
in its consequence, affect every free man that lives under a British
government on the main continent of America. It is the best cause; it is
the cause of liberty; and I make no doubt but your upright conduct, this
day, will not only entitle you to the love and esteem of your fellow
citizen, but every man who ptefers freedom to a life of slavery will bl
_ and honor you as men who have baffled the attempt of tyranny, and,
ie impartial and uncorrupt verdict, have laid a noble foundation -
securing to ourselves, our posterity, and our neighbors that to whic
mature and the laws of our country have given us a right — the libert
__ both exposing and opposing arbitrary power (in these parts of tee" wo
st t least) by speaking and writing truth. Se

 

  

  
   
 
 
    
 
  

 
Otis: “A man’s house is his castle’ . 69

 

JAMES OTIS
24 February 1761

‘A man’s house is his castle’

James Otis (1725-83) was the King’s advocate-general in Boston in 1760 when
the revenue officers demanded his help in obtaining search warrants allowing them
to enter any man’s house in search of smuggled goods. Otis refused. He appeared as
counsel for the merchants of Massachusetts and passionately denounced the writs of
assistance issued to the royal customs collectors, arguing that they were against
natural law, therefore against the English Constitution and illegal whatever Acts
of Parliament said. Otis made the simple appeal to natural law, right and justice

which the Declaration of Independence used in 1776 as the justification for the
colonies’ rebellion.

Otis spoke for five hours but only the beginning of the speech was preserved.

I will to my dying day oppose with all the powers and faculties God has
given me all such instruments of slavery, on the one hand, and villainy,
on the other, as this writ of assistance is.

It appears to me the worst instrument of arbitrary power, the most
destructive of English liberty and the fundamental principles of law, that

_ ever was found in an English lawbook . . .

I was solicited to argue this cause as Advocate General; and because I
would not, I have been charged with desertion from my office. To this
charge I can give a very sufficient answer. I renounced that office, and I
argue this cause from the same principle; and I argue it with the greater

= pleasure, as it is in favor of British liberty, at a time when we hear the _

greatest monarch upon earth declaring from his throne that he glories in
the name of Briton, and that the privileges of his people are dearer to _
him than the most valuable prerogatives of his crown; and as it is in | ;
opposition to a kind of power the exercise of which, in former periods —

of history, cost one king of England his head and another his throne. I

_ have taken more pains in this cause than I ever will take again, although

my engaging in this and another popular cause has raised much resent- —

ment. But I think I can sincerely declare that I cheerfully submit myself

to every odious name for conscience’ sake; and from my soul I despise

all those whose guilt, malice, or folly has made them my foes. Let the | |

2 e consequences be what they will, I am determined to proceed. The only

a, %

 
the writ now prayed for can be granted, for I beg leave to make some

 

ea > meth tial branches of English liberty is the freedom of one’s house

. ee ptince in his castle. This writ, if it should be declared legal,
ee totally annihilate tis privilege. Customhouse officers may ¢ enter

70 Otis: “A man’s house is his castle’
SS ss

principles of public conduct that are worthy of a gentleman ot a man are
to sacrifice estate, ease, health, and applause, and even life, to the sacred
calls of his country.

These manly sentiments, in private life, make the good citizen:
public life, the patriot and the hero. I do not say that when brought to
the test I shall be invincible. I pray God I may never be brought to the
melancholy trial; but if ever I should, it will be then known how far I
can reduce to practice principles which I know to be founded in truth.
In the meantime I will proceed to the subject of this writ.

Your honors will find in the old books concerning the office of a
justice of the peace precedents of general warrants to search suspected
houses. But in more modern books you will find only special warrants
to search such and such houses, specially named, in which the complain-
ant has before sworn that he suspects his goods are concealed; and will
find it adjudged that special warrants only are legal. In the same manner
I rely on it that the writ prayed for in this petition, being general, is
illegal. It is a power that places the liberty of every man in the hands of
ee every petty officer. I say I admit that special writs of assistance, to search
special places, may be granted to certain persons on oath; but I deny that

observations on the writ itself, before I proceed to other acts of
_ Parliament. In the first place, the writ is universal, being directed ‘to all —
and singular justices, sheriffs, constables, and all other officers and
subjects’; so that, in short, it is directed to every subject in the king’s
dominions. Everyone with this writ may be a tyrant; if this commission
be legal, a tyrant in a legal manner, also, may control, imprison, or 2
murder anyone within the realm. In the next place, it is perpetual; there
is no return. A man is accountable to no person for his doings. Every
-man may feign secure in his petty tyranny, and spread terror and
desolation around him, until the trump of the archangel shall excite
different emotions in his soul. In the third place, a person with this writ,
in the daytime, may enter all houses, shops, etc., at will, and comn
all to assist him. Fourthly, by this writ, not only deputies, etc., but e
their menial servants, are allowed to lord it over us. What is this bu
have the curse of Canaan with a witness on us; to be the servant
_ servants, the most despicable of God’s creation? Now, one of the mo

   
   
   
  
  
  
  
 
  
 
   
 

man’s house is his castle; and whilst he is quiet, he is as well guardec c

   

  
Pitt: ‘I rejoice that A merica has resisted’ 71

 

houses when they please; we are commanded to permit their entry. Their
menial servants may enter, may break locks, bars, and everything in
their way; and whether they break through malice or revenge, no man,
no court, can inquire. Bare suspicion without oath is sufficient.

Another radical Boston lawyer, John Adams, who was to become President, dated
the revolution from this speech. ‘Otis’ oration ... breathed into this nation the
breath of life, he satd. ‘Otis was a flame of fire... American independence was
there and then born, the seeds of patriots and heroes were there and then sworn .

There and then was the first scene of the first act of opposition to the “gions
claims of Great Britain.’

WILLIAM PITT, 1st EARL OF CHATHAM
14 January 1766

 

‘I rejoice that A merica has resisted’
When William Pitt (1708-78), a cornet in the Blues, made his maiden speech, it —
was compared favourably with Cicero and Demosthenes. ‘We must muzzle this —
terrible cornet of horse,’ said Walpole, and dismissed him from the army.
But the cornet was never muzzled. ‘The spark of liberty... burst forth with a
Jury and a splendour that might have awed the world and made kings tremble,” —
| Wilham Hazlitt said of Pitt, subsequently the 1st Earl of Chatham. ‘He came —
forward as the advocate of liberty, the defender of the rights of his Jellow- a
as the enemy of tyranny, the friend of his country and mankind’ :
After a long period of mental illness, Chatham returned to Eapdirs in 1766 a
‘the height of the debate over the Stamp Act, which imposed taxes on British —
citizens in America who were not represented in Parliament. It was clear that the =
years had ravaged him when he rose to speak. He was gaunt, pale, a ae |
wreckage of a man — - but that my: pHa Lg ae ue bis words. = =

I hope a day may soon be appointed to consider the s state of the nation i
with respect to America. I hope gentlemen will come to this debate with _
all the temper and impartiality that His Majesty recommends and the _
importance of the subject requires; a subject of greater importance than _
ever engaged the attention of this House, that subject only excepted _
_ when, near a century ago, it was the question whether you eee
See were to be bond of fee In the meantime, as ; cannot depend upon SE

 
 ?

y Pitt: ‘I rejoice that A merica has resisted’
ge ea ge a Se a ee ret el

health for any future day (such is the nature of my infirmities), I will beg
to say a few words at present, leaving the justice, the equity, the policy,
the expediency of the act to another time.

I will only speak to one point — a point which seems not to have
been generally understood, I mean to the right. Some gentlemen seem to
have considered it as a point of honour. If gentlemen consider it in that
light, they leave all measures of right and wrong, to follow a delusion
that may lead to destruction. It is my opinion that this kingdom has no
tight to lay a tax upon the colonies. At the same time, I assert the
authority of this kingdom over the colonies to be sovereign and su-
preme, in every circumstance of government and legislation whatsoever.
They are the subjects of this kingdom, equally entitled with yourselves
to all the natural rights of mankind and the peculiar privileges of
Englishmen; equally bound by its laws and equally participating in the
Constitution of this free country. The Americans are the sons, not the
bastards, of England! Taxation is no part of the governing or legislative
power. The taxes are a voluntary gift and grant of the Commons alone.

In legislation the three estates of the realm are alike concerned; but the
concurrence of the peers and the Crown to a tax is only necessary to
_ clothe it with the form of a law. The gift and grant is of the Commons
_ alone. |
In ancient days, the Crown, the barons, and the clergy possessed the
_ lands. In those days, the barons and the clergy gave and granted to the —
Crown. They gave and granted what was their own! At present, since
the. discovery of America, and other circumstances permitting, the E
Commons are become the proprietors of the land. The Church (God

bless it!) has but a pittance. The property of the Lords, compared with
that of the Commons, is as a drop of water in the ocean; and this House

represents those Commons, the proprietors of the lands; and those
proprietors virtually represent the rest of the inhabitants. When, ther
fore, in this House we give and grant, we give and grant what is ous
own. But in an American tax, what do we do? ‘We, your Majes
_ Commons for Great Britain, give and grant to Your Majesty’ — - wl
-o Our own property! No! “We give and grant to Your Majesty’
property of your Majesty’ s Commons of America! It is an 1 absurdit
I | er
ie ects distinction between ines and taxation is essentially ne :

   
   
   
   
      
   
   
   

 

  
Pitt: “I repocce that _A merica has resisted’ 73

 

will claim, which they will exercise, whenever the principle can be
supported by power.

There is an idea in some that the colonies ate virtually represented in
the House. I would fain know by whom an American is represented
here. Is he represented by any knight of the shire, in any county in this
kingdom? Would to God that respectable representation was augmented
to a greater number! Or will you tell him that he is represented by any
representative of a borough? — a borough which, perhaps, its own
representatives never saw! This is what is called the rotten part of the
Constitution. It cannot continue a century. If it does not drop, it must

be amputated. The idea of a virtual representation of America in this

House is the most contemptible idea that ever entered into the head of a
man. It does not deserve a serious refutation. :

The Commons of America, represented in their several assemblies,
have ever been in possession of the exercise of this their constitutional

tight of giving and granting their own money. They would have been
slaves if they had not enjoyed it! At the same time, this kingdom, as the

supreme governing and legislative power, has always bound the colonies
by her laws, by her regulations, and restrictions in trade, in navigation,

in manufactures, in everything, ae that of taking their money out a

their pockets without their consent . Se ee | |
Gentlemen, sir, have been pee with. giving birth to sedition in
America. They have spoken their sentiments with freedom against this
unhappy act, and that freedom has become their crime. Sorry I am to
hear the liberty of speech in this House imputed as a crime. But the
imputation shall not discourage me. It is a liberty I mean to exercise. No
gentleman ought to be afraid to exercise it. It is a liberty by which the

gentleman who calumniates it might have profited. He ought to have

desisted from his project. The gentleman tells us America is obstinate;
America is almost in open rebellion. I rejoice that America has resisted.

Three millions of people, so dead to all the feelings of liberty as

voluntarily to submit to be slaves, would have been fit instruments to-
make slaves of the rest .

Since the accession af ine William, many ministers, some of great,

 

others of more moderate abilities, have taken the lead of government. _ =
None of these thought, or even dreamed, of tobbing the colonies of.
their constitutional rights. That was reserved to mark the era of the late
administration. Not that there were wanting some, when I had the |

honour to serve His Majesty, to propose to me to burn my fingers with —
an American stamp act. With the enemy at their back, with our bayonets ne

 
74 Pitt: “T rejoice that America has resisted’

SEES

at theit breasts, in the day of their distress, perhaps the Americans would
have submitted to the imposition; but it would have been taking an
ungenerous, an unjust advantage. The gentleman boasts of his bounties
to America! Are not these bounties intended finally for the benefit of
this kingdom? If not, he has misapplied the national treasures!

Tam no courtier of America. I stand up for this kingdom. I maintain
that the Parliament has a right to bind, to restrain America. Our
legislative power over the colonies is sovereign and supreme. When it
ceases to be sovereign and supreme, I would advise every gentleman to
sell his lands, if he can, and embark for that country. When two
countries are connected together like England and her colonies, without
being incorporated, the one must necessarily govern. The greater must
rule the less. But she must so rule it as not to contradict the fundamental
principles that are common to both.

If the gentleman does not understand the difference between external
and internal taxes, I cannot help it. There is a plain distinction between
__ taxes levied for the purposes of raising a revenue and duties imposed for

_ the regulation of trade, for the accommodation of the subject; although,

in the consequences, some revenue may incidentally arise from the latter.

: The gentleman asks, when were the colonies emancipated? I desire to

_ know, when were they made slaves? .

A great deal has been said Sieh out doors of the power, of the —

_ strength, of America. It is a topic that ought to be cautiously meddled _

F with. In a good cause, on a sound bottom, the force of this country can
crush America to atoms. I know the valour of your troops. I know the :

skill of your officers. There is not a company of foot that has served in

_ America out of which you may not pick a man of sufficient knowledge “3

and experience to make a governor of a colony there. But on this
_ ground, on the Stamp Act, which so many here will think a crying

aaa Tam one who will lift ap ey hands See, it. }

 

 

sa d fall like dhe strong man; she ects Se bste ei Satie of
te, and pats Bows the Consientien a with her. Ts" bape

: .

: 1 withholds roi cout olen in Canada their
y ae Ys aoe bee tansom for a Manis i is | den ie
Hancock: ‘The tremendous bar of God!’ 73

gentleman whose noble and generous spirit would do honour to the
proudest grandee of the country?

The Americans have not acted in all things with prudence and temper:
they have been wronged: they have been driven to madness by injustice.
Will you punish them for the madness you have occasioned? Rather let
prudence and temper come first from this side. I will undertake for
America that she will follow the example. There ate two lines in a ballad
of Prior’s, of a man’s behaviour to his wife, so applicable to you and
your colonies, that I cannot help repeating them:

Be to her faults a little blind;
Be to her virtues very kind.

Upon the whole, I will beg leave to tell the House what is my
opinion. It is that the Stamp Act be repealed absolutely, totally, and
immediately. That the reason for the repeal be assigned — viz., because it
was founded on an erroneous principle. At the same time, let the
sovereign authority of this country over the colonies be asserted in as
strong terms as can be devised, and be made to extend to every point of
legislation whatsoever; that we may bind their trade, confine their
manufactures, and exercise every power whatsoever, except that of |
taking money from their pockets without consent.

The Stamp Act was repealed, but a year later the Townshend Acts imposed new
taxes on American ports and lit the flame of revolution.

 

JOHN HANCOCK
5 March 1774

‘The tremendous bar of God!’

With James Otis and John Adams, John Hancock (1737-93), Boston’s richest

merchant, was another of the patriot leaders of Massachusetts and a fearless —
champion of the colonists against British oppression. He was president of the
Continental Congress and the first to sign the Declaration of eres sa ce
made this ener in memory ote the 1770 Boston niente c-

The troops, upon their first arrival, took possession of our Senate house,
and pointed their cannon against the judgement hall, and even continued

 
76 Hancock: ‘The tremendous bar of God!’
amen eee a een

them there whilst the supreme court of judicature for this province was
actually sitting to decide upon the lives and fortunes of the King’s
subjects. Our streets nightly resounded with the noise of riot and
debauchery; our peaceful citizens were hourly exposed to shameful
insults, and often felt the effects of their violence and outrage. But this
was not all: as though they thought it not enough to violate our civil
rights, they endeavored to deprive us of the enjoyment of our religious
privileges, to vitiate our morals, and thereby render us deserving of
destruction. Did not a reverence for religion sensibly decay? Did not our
infants almost learn to lisp out curses before they knew their horrid
import? Did not our youth forget they were Americans, and regardless
of the admonitions of the wise and aged, setvilely copy from their
tyrants those vices which finally must overthrow the empire of Great
Britain? And must I be compelled to acknowledge that even the noblest,
fairest part of all the lower creation did not entirely escape the cursed
snare? When virtue has once erected her throne within the female breast,
it is upon so solid a basis that nothing is able to expel the heavenly
inhabitant. But have there not been some, few, indeed, I hope, whose
youth and inexperience have rendered them a prey to wretches, whom,
__ upon the least reflection, they would have despised and hated as foes to
God and their country? I fear there have been some such unhappy
| instances, or why have I seen an honest father clothed with shame? or
_ why a virtuous mother drowned in teats? .
_ Ye dark designing knaves, ye ssimadeuers: parricides! how dare you:
tread upon the earth, which has drunk in the blood of slaughtered —
innocents, shed by your wicked hands? How dare you breathe that ait
which wafted to the ear of Heaven the groans of those who fell a

P - sacrifice to your accursed ambition? But if the laboring earth doth not _
expand her jaws; if the air you breathe is not commissioned to be the _
_ minister of death; yet, hear it and tremble! The eye of Heaven penetrates
_ the darkest chambers of the soul, traces the leading clue through all the
: labyrinths which your industrious folly has devised; and you, however
_ you may have screened yourselves from human eyes, must be arraigned
must lift your hands, red with the blood of those > whose death = I x y
procured, at the tremendous bar of God! ye
_ Surely,you never will tamely suffer this country to = a ae of thiev
Remember, my friends, from whom you sprang. Let not a meat
spirit, unknown to those whom you boast of as your fathers, ex
thought to the dishonor of your mothers. I conjure you, by all | 1a
dear, eS all eae! is honorable, os all that is sacred, not woes that ep

 

    
     
   
   
   
  
      
   
     

  

  

  
Pitt: ‘The kingdom is undone’ cae

Sy eee

but that ye act; that, if necessary, ye fight, and even die, for the
prosperity of our Jerusalem. Break in sunder, with noble disdain, the

bonds with which the Philistines have bound you.

WILLIAM PITT, 1st EARL OF CHATHAM
20 January 1775

‘The kingdom is undone’

As the situation in America deteriorated and British troops under General Gage
became an impotent army stuck in Boston, Chatham saw his last chance to save his
country. He tabled a motion to withdraw the troops from Boston. His speech, says

his biographer ].H. Plumb, was of his best — eloquent, dramatic and full of the
invective of which he was such a master. 7 ,

When I urge this measure of recalling the troops from Boston, I urge it =

on this pressing principle — that it is necessarily preparatory to the

restoration of your peace and the establishment of your prosperity. It |

will then appear that you are disposed to treat amicably and equitably;
and to consider, revise, and repeal, if it should be found necessary, as I
affirm it will, those violent acts and declarations which have disseminated
confusion throughout your empire. _ | |

Resistance to your acts was necessary, as it was just; and your vain
declarations of the omnipotence of Parliament, and your imperious
doctrines of the necessity of submission, will be found equally impotent
to convince, or to enslave, your fellow-subjects in America, who feel
that that tyranny, whether ambitioned by an individual part of the
legislature, or the bodies who comprise it, is equally intolerable to
British subjects.

The means of enforcing this thraldom are found to be as ridiculous
and weak in practice as they are unjust in principle. . . |

I therefore urge and conjure your lordships immediately to adopt this |
conciliating measure. I will pledge myself for its immediately producing
conciliatory effects by its being thus well timed; but if you delay till your —
vain hope shall be accomplished of triumphantly dictating teconciliation, —
you delay for ever. But admitting that this hope, which in truth 36
desperate, should be accomplished, what do you gain by the imposition —
of your: victorious amnity? You will be untrusted and unthanked.

 

ee

 
78 ~ Pitt: “The kingdom is undone’
ea eee ee

Adopt, then, the grace while you have the opportunity of reconcilement,
or at least prepare the way. Allay the ferment prevailing in America, by
removing the obnoxious hostile cause — obnoxious and unserviceable,
for theit merit can be only inaction. Non dimicare et vincere — their victory
can never be by exertions. Their force would be most disproportionately
exerted against a brave, generous, and united people, with arms in their
hands, and courage in their hearts — three millions of people, the
genuine descendants of a valiant and pious ancestry, driven to those
deserts by the narrow maxims of a superstitious tyranny. And is the
spirit of persecution never to be appeased? Are the brave sons of those
brave forefathers to inherit their sufferings, as they have inherited their
‘virtues? Are they to sustain the infliction of the most impressive and
unexampled severity, beyond the accounts of history or description of
poetry. “Rhadamanthus habet durissima regna, castigatque, auditique.’ So says
the wisest poet and perhaps the wisest statesman and politician. But our
ministers say, the Americans must not be heard. They have been
condemned unheard. The indiscriminate hand of vengeance has lumped
together innocent and guilty, with all the formalities of hostility has
blocked up the town [Boston], and reduced to beggary and famine thirty
__ thousand inhabitants. 3
But His Majesty is advised that the ‘union in America cannot last.
_ Ministers have more eyes than I, and should have more ears; but with all
_ the information I have been able to procure, I can pronounce it a union,
_ solid, permanent, and effectual. Ministers may satisfy themselves and
, delude the public with the report of what they call commercial bodies in _
America. They are not commercial; they are your packers and factors;
___ they live upon nothing — for I call commission nothing. I mean the _
ministerial authority for this American intelligence; the runners for _
government, who are paid for their intelligence. But these are not the .
men, nor this the influence, to be considered in Ametica when we
_ estimate the firmness of their union. Even to extend the question, and to i
take in the really mercantile circle, will be totally inadequate to the
_ consideration, Trade indeed increases the wealth and glory of a country;
but its real strength and stamina are to be looked for amongst the
_ Cultivators of the land; in their simplicity of life is found the simple ess”
of virtue; — the integrity and courage of freedom. These true, genuine
_ Sons of the earth are invincible; and they surround and hem ‘in th
Mercantile bodies; even if these bodies, which supposition I tota
_ disclaim, could be supposed disaffected to the cause of liberty. Of
general spirit existing in the British nation (for so I wish to distingt

i
*

 
   
   
 

  
   
  
   
   
       

  

  
Pitt: ‘The kingdom is undone’ 79

 

the real and genuine Americans from the pseudo-traders I have de-
scribed), of this spirit of independence animating the nation of America,
I have the most authentic information. It is not new among them; it is,

and has ever been, their established principle, their confirmed persuasion;
it is their nature and their doctrine.

I remember some years ago, when the repeal of the Stamp Act was in
agitation, conversing in a friendly confidence with a person of undoubted
respect and authenticity on that subject; and he assured me with a
certainty which his judgement and opportunity gave him, that these
were the prevalent and steady principles of America — that you might
destroy their towns, and cut them off from the superfluities, perhaps the
conveniences of life; but that they were prepared to despise your power,
and would not lament their loss, whilst they have — what, my lords? Se
their woods and their liberty. The name of my authority, if I am called
upon, will authenticate the opinion irrefragably. (I¢ was Dr Franklin.)

If illegal violences have been, as it is said, committed in Armee
prepare the way, open the door of possibility, for acknowledgement and —
satisfaction; but proceed not to such coercion, such prescription; cease
your indiscriminate inflictions; amerce not thirty thousand; oppress not
three millions, for the fault of forty or fifty individuals. Such severity of
injustice must for ever render incurable the wounds you have already
given your colonies; you irritate them to unappeasable rancour. What
though you march from town to town, and from province to province;
though you should be able to secure the obedience of the country you
leave behind you in your progress, to grasp the dominion of eighteen
hundred miles of continent, populous in numbers possessing valour,
liberty and resistance?

This resistance to your arbitrary system of taxation might have ae
foreseen; it was obvious from the nature of things, and of mankind; and
above all, from the Whiggish spirit flourishing in that country. The
spirit which now resists your taxation in America is the same which —
formerly opposed loans, benevolences, and ship-money in England; the ©
same spirit which called all England on its legs, and by the Bill of Rights S
vindicated the English Constitution; the same spirit which established _

 

 

 

the great fundamental, essential maxim of your liberties — that no subject é
of England shall be taxed but by hisownconsent, = = =—«—=s— =

This glorious spirit of Whiggism animates three millions i in Anneags

who prefer poverty with liberty to gilded chains and sordid affluence;
and who will die in defence of their rights as men, as freemen. What
shall Oppose this spirit, aided by the congenial flame ee .

 
SO Pitt: “The kingdom is undone’

breasts of every Whig in England, to the amount, I hope, of double
the American numbers? Ireland they have to a man. In that country,

joined as it is with the cause of colonies, and placed at their head, the
distinction I contend for is and must be observed. This country superin-
tends and controls their trade and navigation; but they tax themselves.
And this distinction between external and internal control is sacred
and insurmountable; it is involved in the abstract nature of things.
Property is private, individual, absolute. Trade is an extended and
complicated consideration; it teaches as far as ships can sail or winds
can blow; it is a great and various machine. To regulate the numberless
movements of its several parts, and combine them with effect, for the
good of the whole, requires the superintending wisdom and energy of
the supreme power in the empire. But this supreme power has no
effect towards internal taxation, for it does not exist in that relation;
there is no such thing, no such idea in this constitution, as a supreme
power operating upon property. Let this distinction remain for ever
ascertained; taxation is theirs, commercial regulation is ours. As an
_ American, I would recognize to England her supreme right of regulat-
_ ing commerce and navigation; as an Englishman by birth and principle,

: this great cause they are immovably allied; it is the alliance of God and
nature — immutable, eternal, fixed as the firmament of heaven. al

 

A few eee in America, ane seventeen or Sees conan mex at

“table, or counting pies ona ance will not avert ot “postpone t
_ hour os 7 it must arrive, ay pee unless these fatal ce ate:

 

I recognize to the Americans their supreme unalienable right to their —
_ property — a right which they are justified in the defence of to the last
E extremity. To maintain this principle is the common cause of the Whigs on
_ the other side of the Atlantic, and on this. “Tis liberty to liberty engaged’, —
that they will defend themselves, their families, and their country. In

 

To such united force, what force shall be opposed? What, my lords? ;
Pitt: “The kingdom is undone’ &7

 

 

But it is not repealing this Act of Parliament, it is not repealing a
piece of parchment, that can restore America to our bosom; you must
repeal her fears and her resentments; and you may then hope for her
love and gratitude. But now, insulted with an armed force posted at
Boston, irritated with an hostile array before her eyes, her concessions, if
you could force them, would be suspicious and insecure; they will be
irato animo, they will not be the sound, honourable passions of freemen,
they will be dictates of fear, and extortions of force. . .

When your lordships look at the papers transmitted us from America,
when you consider their decency, firmness, and wisdom, you cannot but
respect theit cause, and wish to make it your own. For myself, I must
declare and avow that in all my reading and observation — and it has
been my favourite study: I have read Thucydides, and have studied and
admired the master-states of the world — that for solidity of reasoning,
force of sagacity, and wisdom of conclusion, under such a complication
of difficult circumstances, no nation or body of men can stand in
preference to the General Congress at Philadelphia. I trust it is obvious
to yout lordships, that all attempts to impose servitude upon such men,
to establish despotism over such a mighty continental nation, must be
vain, must be fatal. We shall be forced ultimately to retract; let us
restrain while we can, not when we must. I say we must necessarily
undo these violent oppressive Acts; they must be repealed — you will
tepeal them; I pledge myself for it, that you will in the end repeal them;
I stake my reputation on it: — I will consent to be taken for an idiot, if
they are not finally repealed. Avoid, then, this humiliating, disgraceful
necessity. With a dignity becoming your exalted situation, make the first
advances to concord, to peace, and happiness; for that is your true
dignity, to act with prudence and justice. That you should first concede
is obvious, from sound and rational policy. Concession comes with =
better gtace and more salutary effect from superior power; it reconciles PA
supetiority of power with the feelings of men, and establishes solid _
confidence on the foundations of affection and gratitude es aa

s 8 @

If the ministers thus persevere in misadvising and misleading the _
King, I will not say that they can alienate the affections of his subjects
from his crown; but I will affirm that they will make the crown not
worth his wearing. I will not say that the King is betrayed; but I will
Pronounce that the kingdom is undone. | : , aoa

 

  
  
  

eB ;

 
EDMUND BURKE
22 March 1775

‘This spirit of American liberty’

Edmund Burke (1729-97), an Irish Protestant, made his career in London and

dominated the British Parliament for a generation by the power of his oratory and

his timeless battle against oppression, whether in India, France or A merica.
Chatham's eloquence on 20 January had failed to secure the removal of General

Gage’s troops from Boston. Now it was time for Burke to play his part.

Speaking for more than three hours in defence of the rights of the American
colonists, he proposed thirteen resolutions for conciliation.

_ America, gentlemen say, is a noble object. It is an object well worth
; ree for. Certainly it is, if fighting a people be the best way of
Ss _ gaining them. Gentlemen in this respect will be led to their choice of
_ means by their complexions and their habits. Those who understand the
mili my art wil of course, have some eee seek for it. Those who

 

=

| s Pitee not as an odious, Bee a chic instrument for Stcictsies a
PP eople so numerous, so active, so growing, SO spited: as this, in

= ie; ad an armatnent is not a Tiere ae: 1 ie not  succed, you
without tesource; for, conciliation failing, force remain :

ai z 0 no further — of ipcon e 1s left. - Power and au tho :

 
Burke: ‘This spirit of American liberty’ 83

 

it is the British strength that I consume. I do not choose to be caught by
a foreign enemy at the end of this exhausting conflict, and still less in the
midst of it. I may escape; but I can make no insurance against such an
event. Let me add, that I do not choose wholly to break the American
spirit, because it is the spirit that has made the country.

Lastly, we have no sort of experience in favour of force as an
instrument in the rule of our colonies. Their growth and their utility
have been owing to methods altogether different. Our ancient indulgence
has been said to be pursued to a fault. It may be so; but we know, if

feeling is evidence, that our fault was more tolerable than our attempt to
mend it; and our sin far more salutary than our penitence.

These, sir, are my reasons for not entertaining that high opinion of
untried force, by which many gentlemen, for whose sentiments in other
particulars I have great respect, seem to be so greatly captivated.

But there is still behind a third consideration concerning this object,
which serves to determine my opinion on the sort of policy which ought
to be pursued in the management of America, even more than its
population and its commerce — I mean its temper and character. In this —
character of the Americans a love of freedom is the predominating

feature which marks and distinguishes the whole; and, as an ardent is
always a jealous affection, your colonies become suspicious, restive, and
untractable, whenever they see the least attempt to wrest from them by
force, or shuffle from them by chicane, what they think the only
advantage worth living for. This fierce spirit of liberty is stronger in the
English colonies, probably, than in any other people of the earth, and
this from a variety of powerful causes, which, to understand the true
temper of’ theit minds, and the direction which this spirit takes, it will
not be amiss to lay open somewhat more largely. :
_ The people of the colonies are descendants of Englishmen. England, oe
sir, is a nation which still, I hope, respects, and formerly adored, her —
freedom. The colonists emigrated from you when this part of your _
charactet was most predominant; and they took this bias and direction _
the moment they parted from your hands. They are, therefore, not only
devoted to liberty, but to liberty accotding to English ideas and on
English principles. Abstract liberty, like other mere abstractions, is not
to be found. Liberty inheres in some sensible object; and every nation
has formed to itself some favourite point which, by way of eminence, ©

 

 

 

   
     
    

becomes the criterion of their happiness,

a Permit me, sit, to add another circumstance in our colonies, which
_ Contributes no mean part toward the growth and effect of this untractable
_ Spirit T mean their education. In no other country, perhaps, in |
84 Burke: “This spirit of American liberty’
ee a ae eh ge eee ene a

world is the law so general a study ... This study renders men acute,
inquisitive, dexterous, prompt in ieee ready in defence, full of re-
sources. In other countries, the people, more simple, and of a less
mercurial cast, judge of an ill principle in government only by an actual
grievance; here they anticipate the evil, and judge of the pressure of the
grievance by the badness of the principle. They augur misgovernment at
a distance; and snuff the approach of tyranny in every tainted breeze. . .
Perhaps a more smooth and accommodating spirit of freedom in them
would be more acceptable to us. Perhaps ideas of liberty might be
desired, more reconcilable with an arbitrary and boundless authority.
Perhaps we might wish the colonists to be petsuaded that their liberty is
more secute when held in trust for them by us, as guardians during a
perpetual minority, than with any part of it in their own hands. But the
question is not whether their spirit deserves praise or blame. What, in
_ the name of God, shall we do with it? You have before you the object,
such as it is, with all its glories, with all its imperfections on its head.
_ You see the magnitude, the importance, the temper, the habits, the
disorders. By all these considerations we are strongly urged to determine
something concerning it. We are called upon to fix some rule and line
- for our future conduct which may give a little stability to our politics,
, and prevent the return of such unhappy deliberations as the present.
' Every such return will bring the matter before us in a still more
untractable form. For, what astonishing and incredible things have we
not seen already? What monsters have not been generated from this
E unnatural contentionp . } | |
We are indeed, in all disputes with the colonies, by the necessity of
_ things, the judge. It is true, sir; but I confess that the character of judge
in my own cause is a thing that frightens me. Instead of filling me with

= pride, I am exceedingly humbled by it. I cannot proceed with a stern =.
assured, judical confidence, until I find myself in something more like a _

judicial character. Sir, these considerations have great weight with me,
when I find things so citcumstanced that I see the same patty at oncea
civil litigant against me in point of right and a culprit before me; while I 3
“as criminal judge on acts of his whose moral quality is to be decided -
on upon the merits of that very litigation. Men are every now and then _
ut, by the complexity of human affairs, into Strange situations; bu
ice is the same, let the judge be in what situation he will. :
1 this situation, let us seriously and coolly ponder, what is it we have
: y all our menaces, which have been many and ferocious. Wha
adv ntage have we derived from the penal laws we have peel

   
 

  
  
   
     

  
      
    

<oSueth
Burke: ‘This spirit of American liberty’ 85

PR ee ie aan ae ee rl hahaa fart eo, ane ke a

which, for the time, have been severe and numerous? What advances
have we made toward our object by the sending of a force which, by
land and sea, is no contemptible strength? Has the disorder abated?
Nothing less. When I see things in this situation, after such confident
hopes, bold promises, and active exertions, I cannot, for my life, avoid a
suspicion that the plan itself is not correctly right.

If, then, the removal of the causes of this spirit of American liberty
be, for the greater part, or rather entirely, impracticable; if the ideas of
criminal process be inapplicable, or, if applicable, are in the highest
degree inexpedient, what way yet remains? No way is open but the third

and last — to comply with the American spirit as necessary, or, if you
please, to submit to it as a necessary evil.

If we adopt this mode, if we mean to conciliate and concede, let us see
of what nature the concessions ought to be. To ascertain the nature of
our concessions, we must look at their complaint. The colonies complain
that they have not the characteristic mark and seal of British freedom.
They complain that they are taxed in Parliament in which they are not |
represented. If you mean to satisfy them at all, you must satisfy them —
with regard to this complaint. If you mean to please any people, you —
must give them the boon which they ask; not what you may think better
for them, but of a kind totally different. _ :

“Such is steadfastly my opinion of the absolute necessity of keeping up
the concord of this empire by a unity of spirit, though in a diversity of
operations, that, if I were sure the colonists had, at their leaving this
country, sealed a regular compact of servitude; that they had solemnly

 abjured all the rights of citizens; that they had made a vow to renounce
all ideas of liberty for them and their posterity to all generations, yet I
should hold myself obliged to conform to the temper I found universally _
prevalent in my own day, and to govern two millions of men, impatient
of servitude, on the principles of freedom. I am not determining a point —
of law. I am restoring tranquillity, and the general character and situation —
of a people must determine what sort of government is fitted for them. _
That point nothing else can or ought to determine. 5 oe ae

 

:
My idea, therefore, without considering whether we yield as matter of
tight, or grant as matter of favour, is to admit the people of our colonies _
into an interest in the Constitution, and, by recording that admission in
the journals of parliament, to give them as strong an assurance as |
nature of the thing will admit, that we mean forever to adhere to that
solemn declaration of systematic indulgence. __ phe EE
_ The Americans will have no interest contrary to the grandeur anc

 
86 Burke: “This spirit of A merican liberty’
at es

glory of England, when they are not oppressed by the weight of it; and
they will rather be inclined to respect the acts of a Superintending
legislature, when they see them the acts of that power which is itself the
security, not the rival, of their secondary importance. In this assurance
my mind most perfectly acquiesces, and I confess I feel not the least
alarm from the discontents which ate to arise from putting people at
their ease; nor do I apprehend the destruction of this empire from
giving, by an act of free grace and indulgence, to two millions of my
fellow citizens, some share of those rights upon which I have always
been taught to value myself. |
A revenue from America transmitted hither — do not delude yourselves
— you never can receive it — no, not a shilling. We have experienced that
from remote countries it is not to be expected. If, when you attempted
to extract revenue from Bengal, you were obliged to return in loan what
you had taken in imposition, what can you expect from North America?
for certainly, if ever there was a country qualified to produce wealth, it
is India; or an institution fit for the transmission, it is the East India
Company. America has none of these aptitudes. If America gives you
_ taxable objects on which you lay your duties here, and gives you, at the
game time, a surplus by a foreign sale of her commodities to pay the
. duties on these objects which you tax at home, she has performed her
_ part to the British revenue. But with regard to her own internal
establishments, she may, I doubt not she will, contribute in moderation;
I say in moderation, for she ought not to be permitted to exhaust her-
- self. She ought to be reserved to a war, the weight of which, with the
enemies that we are most likely to have, must be considerable in her
quarter of the globe. There she may serve you, and serve you essentially.

_ For that service, for all service, whether of revenue, trade, or empire,
my trust is in her interest in the British Constitution. My hold of the
colonies is in the close affection which grows from common names,

ig from kindred blood, from similar privileges, and equal protection. These
are ties which, though light as air, are as strong as links of iron. Let the
colonies always keep the idea of their civil rights associated with your
government; they will cling and gtapple to you, and no force under
heaven will be of power to tear them from their allegiance. But let it bes.
_ once understood that your government may be one thing, and theit
privileges another; that these two things may exist without any mutual _
telation; the cement is gone; the cohesion is loosened; and everything So
| ns to » decay and dissolution. As long as you have the wisdom ta ete

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
   
 
   
  
  
 
    
Burke: ‘This spirit of A merican liberty’ 87
$A

the sacred temple consecrated to our common faith, wherever the
chosen race and sons of England worship freedom, they will turn their
faces toward you. The more they multiply, the more friends you will
have. The more ardently they love liberty, the more perfect will be their
obedience. Slavery they can have anywhere. It is a weed that grows in
every soil. They may have it from Spain; they may have it from Prussia;
but, until you become lost to all feeling of your true interest and your
natural dignity, freedom they can have from none but you. This is the
commodity of price, of which you have the monopoly. This is the true
Act of Navigation, which binds to you the commerce of the colonies,
and through them secures to you the wealth of the world. Deny them
this participation of freedom, and you break that sole bond which
originally made, and must still preserve, the unity of the empire. Do not
entertain so weak an imagination as that your registers and your bonds,
your affidavits and your sufferances, your cockets and your clearances,
are what form the great securities of your commerce. Do not dream that
your letters of office, and your instructions, and your suspending
clauses, are the things that hold together the great contexture of this
mysterious whole. These things do not make your government. Dead
instruments, passive tools as they are, it is the spirit of the English
communion that gives all their life and efficacy to them. It is the spirit of
the English Constitution which, infused through the mighty mass,

pervades, feeds, unites, invigorates, vivifies every part of the empire,
even down to the minutest member.

Is it not the same virtue which does everything for us here in
England? :

Do you imagine, then, that it is the land tax which raises your
revenue, that it is the annual vote in the committee of supply which
gives you your army? or that it is the mutiny bill which inspires it with
bravery and discipline? No! surely no! It is the love of the people; it is
their attachment to their government, from the sense of the deep stake
they have in such a glorious institution, which gives you your army and
your navy, and infuses into both that liberal obedience, without which
yout army would be a base rabble, and your navy nothing but rotten
timber. ps

All this, I know well enough, will sound wild and chimerical to the
profane herd of those vulgar and mechanical politicians, who have no

 

Place among us; a sort of people who think that nothing exists but what
1s gross and material, and who, therefore, far from being qualified to be
directors of the great movement of empire, are not fit to turn a wheel in- 4

 
&s Henry: ‘Give me liberty, or give me death!’

 

the machine. But to men truly initiated and rightly taught, these tuling
and master principles, which, in the opinion of such men as I have
mentioned, have no substantial existence, are in truth everything and all
in all. Magnanimity in politics is not seldom the truest wisdom; and 4
great empite and little minds go ill together. If we ate conscious of our
situation, and glow with zeal to fill our place as becomes our station and
ourselves, we ought to auspicate all our public proceeding on America
with the old warning of the church, sarsum corda! We ought to elevate
our minds to the greatness of that trust to which the order of Providence
has called us. By advertising to the dignity of this high calling, our
ancestors have turned a savage wilderness into a glorious empire, and
have made the most extensive and the only honourable conquests, not
by destroying, but by promoting, the wealth, the number, the happiness
of the human race. Let us get an American revenue as we have got an
American empire. English privileges have made it all that it is; English
privileges alone will make it all it can be.

In full confidence of this unalterable truth, I now, quod felix faustumque
— sit, lay the first stone in the temple of peace; and I move you, *That the
colonies and plantations of Great Britain in North America, consisting
of fourteen sepatate governments, and containing two millions and .
- upwards of free inhabitants, have not had the liberty and privilege of

electing and sending any knights and burgesses, or others, to represent
= them i in the we court of parliament.’

= Baek Soke Sie so long that he lost most t of his audience. His resolution Was
| aieatd % 270 votes to 78. , =

PATRICK HENRY
| 22 Maveh ee

   

a Se “Give me liberty, or give p me edeathi pe

PA Edmund Burke Sy ‘bis ae in “the: British ‘Seas of Comment ies
_ conciliation with the _A merican colonies, the Virginia Convention to the Continental

Congress was meeting in St John’s Church in Richmond. One delegate was the
_ Virginian patriot and successful lawyer Patrick Henry (1736-99), who had
delivered the first speech to the Congress in 1774. Henry rose and handed to the bs
clerk a series of resolutions stating that a militia was the only security o i=

 
Henry: “Give me liberty, or give me death!’ 89
pene i ee a

government, that a militia was necessary to protect American rights and liberties

and that Virginia be put immediately into a posture of defence.
With the revolutionary fervour of the colonists at fever pitch, Henry defended
his resolutions. ‘The tendons of his neck stood out white and rigid, like whip

cords,’ wrote a Baptist clergyman as he described the climax of Henry's speech.
‘His voice rose louder and louder, until the walls of the building and all within
them seemed to shake and rock in its tremendous vibrations. Finally his pale face
and glaring eyes became terrible to look upon.’ According to Thomas Jefferson, he

was the leader of the revolution. The American revolution in the biggest colony
started from this speech.

Mr President, it is natural to man to indulge in the illusions of hope. We
are apt to shut our eyes against a painful truth, and listen to the song of
that siren, till she transforms us into beasts. Is this the part of wise men,

engaged in a great and arduous struggle for liberty? Are we disposed to
be of the number of those who, having eyes, see not, and having ears,

hear not, the things which so nearly concern their temporal salvation?
For my part, whatever anguish of spirit it may cost, I am willing to
know the whole truth; to know the worst and to provide for it.

I have but one lamp by which my feet are guided; and that is the lamp
of experience. I know of no way of judging of the future but by the
past. And judging by the past, I wish to know what there has been in
the conduct of the British ministry for the last ten years, to justify those
hopes with which gentlemen have been pleased to solace themselves and
the House? Is it that insidious smile with which our petition has been

lately received? Trust it not, sir; it will prove a snare to your feet. Suffer
not yourselves to be betrayed with a kiss. Ask yourselves how this
gracious reception of our petition comports with these war-like prepara-_
tions which cover our waters and darken our land. Are fleets and armies

 

for all this accumulation o
_ They are meant for us;
Over to bind and rivet

f navies and armies? No, sir, she has none. _

+

they can be meant for no other. They are sent
upon us those chains which the British ministry

 
90 Henry: ‘Give me liberty, or give me death!’

 

we try argument? Sir, we have been trying that for the last ten years.

Have we anything new to offer on the subject? Nothing. We have held

the subject up in every light of which it is capable; but it has been all in

vain. Shall we resort to entreaty and humble supplication? What terms

shall we find which have not been already exhausted? Let us not, J

beseech you, sit, deceive ourselves longer, Sir, we have done everything

that could be done, to avert the storm which is now coming on. We
have petitioned; we have remonstrated; we have supplicated; we have
prostrated ourselves before the throne, and have implored its interposi-
tion to arrest the tyrannical hands of the ministry and Parliament. Our
petitions have been slighted; our remonstrances have produced additional
violence and insult; our supplications have been disregarded; and we
have been spurned, with contempt, from the foot of the throne. In vain,
after these things, may we indulge the fond hope of peace and reconcilia-
tion. There is no longer any room for hope. If we wish to be free ~ if we
mean to preserve inviolate those inestimable privileges for which we
have been so long contending — if we mean not basely to abandon the
noble struggle in which we have been so long engaged, and which we
_ have pledged ourselves never to abandon until the glorious object of our

contest shall be obtained, we must fight! I repeat it, sir, we must fight!

— appeal to arms and to the God of Hosts is all that is left us!

_ They tell us, sir, that we are weak; unable to cope with so formidable
ee adversary. But when shall we be stronger? Will it be the next week,

or the next year? Will it be when we are totally disarmed, and when a

‘British guard shall be stationed in every house? Shall we gather strength

by irtesolution and inaction? Shall we acquire the means of effectual

resistance, by lying supinely on our backs, and hugging the delusive .
phantom of hope, until our enemies shall have bound us hand and foot? >

     
 
 

E Sir, we are not weak, if we make a proper use of the means which the —
_ God of nature hath placed in our power. Three millions of people, —
armed i in the holy cause of liberty, and in such a country as that which

= ‘we possess, ate invincible by any force which our enemy can send
= oe us. Betidca, sit, we shall not nee our ees alone. Thee is a =

 
‘Adams: be yourselves, OA mericans

 

It is in vain, sir, to extenuate the matter. Gentlemen may cry peace,
peace — but there is no peace. The war is actually begun! The next gale
that sweeps from the north will bring to our ears the clash of resounding
arms! Our brethren are already in the field! Why stand we here idle? |
What is it that gentlemen wish? What would they have? Is life so dear,
of peace so sweet, as to be purchased at the price of chains and slavery?
Forbid it, Almighty God! I know not what course others may take; but

as for me, give me liberty, or give me death!

SAMUEL ADAMS
1 August 1776

‘Be yourselves, O_A mericans’

 

Among the patriot leaders of Massachusetts, Samuel Adams (1722-1803) was
the most effective; according to Hugh Brogan, he was the first Democrat, the first
professional A merican politician. It was Adams (second cousin of John, the second
American president) who wrote the circular letter from Massachusetts to all the
other colonial assemblies affirming Americans: rights and denouncing the Town-
shend Acts, and who led the protest in Massachusetts. Adams was chief agitator at
the Boston Tea Party, a delegate to the first and second Continental Congresses
and a signatory of the Declaration of Independence. A month later he delivered an
eloquent address at the State House of Philadelphia on American independence.

We are now on this continent, to the astonishment of the world, three
millions of souls united in one cause. We have large armies, well —
disciplined and appointed, with commanders inferior to none in. ‘military z
skill, and superior in activity and zeal. We are furnished with arsenals —
and stores beyond our most sanguine expectations, and foreign nations
ate waiting to crown our success by their alliances. There are instances
of, I would say, an almost astonishing Providence in our favor; our -
success has staggered our enemies, and almost given | faith to infidels: so -e
we may truly say it is not our own arm which has saved us. | oy
The hand of Heaven appears to have led us on to be, ae humble | =
instruments and means in the great providential dispensation which is —
completing. We shave fled from the political Sodom; let us not look |
back, lest we perish and become a monument of infamy and derision —
to the world. For can we ever expect more unanimity and a better a

 
92 Adams: ‘Be yourselves, O_A mericans’

ee ee

preparation for defense; more infatuation of counsel among our enemies,
and more valor and zeal among ourselves? The same force and resistance

which are sufficient to procure us our liberties will secure us a glorious
independence and support us in the dignity of free, imperial states. We
cannot suppose that our opposition has made a corrupt and dissipated
nation more friendly to America, or created in them a greater respect for
the rights of mankind. We can therefore expect a restoration and
establishment of our privileges, and a compensation for the injuries we
have received, from their want of power, from their fears, and not from
their virtues. The unanimity and valor which will effect an honorable
peace can render a future contest for our liberties unnecessary. He who
has strength to chain down the wolf is a madman if he let him loose
without drawing his teeth and paring his nails.

We have no other alternative than independence, or the most ignomini-
ous and galling servitude. The legions of our enemies thicken on our
_ plains; desolation and death mark their bloody career; whilst the mangled
corpses of our countrymen seem to cry out to us as a voice from
Heaven. |

Our union is now complete; our constitution composed, established,
and approved. You are now the guardians of your own liberties. We —

may justly address you, as the decemviri did the Romans, and say:
‘Nothing that we propose can pass into a law without your consent. Be

yourselves, O Americans, the authors of those laws on which your —

happiness depends.’ 7 3 =e atte 3

_ You have now in the field armies sufficient to repel the whole force o
your enemies and their base and mercenary auxiliaries. The hearts of

your soldiers beat high with the spirit of freedom; they are animated

with the justice of their cause, and while they grasp their swords can

look up to Heaven for assistance. Your adversaries ate composed of
‘wretches who laugh at the tights of humanity, who turn teligion inte

_ derision, and would, for higher wages, direct their swords against thei
_ leaders or their country. Go on, then, in your generous enterprise, wit
ese meena to Heaven for past success, and | confidence of it in the fut

 

    
 
   
 
   
   
Pitt: ‘You cannot conquer America’ 93

WILLIAM PITT, 1st EARL OF CHATHAM
18 November 1777

‘You cannot conquer America’

William Pitt, Earl of Chatham, was living in a dark, lonely hell which engulfed
his spirits. For two years the shadow of death lay across him — but in 1/77 he
revived to find his innermost fears realized. War had broken out between Britain
and America, and France was discussing with American representatives how help
could be given to them.

The loss of America, Chatham believed, would bring ruin to England and leave
her at the mercy of France. Yet, as he declared in this, one of his last great
speeches, America could never be conquered.

My lords, this ruinous and ignominious situation, where we cannot act
with success, nor suffer with honour, calls upon us to remonstrate in the
strongest and loudest language of truth to rescue the ear of Majesty
from the delusions which surround it. The desperate state of our arms
abroad is in part known: no man thinks more highly of them than I do:

I love and honour the English troops: I know their virtues and their

valour: I know they can achieve anything except impossibilities: and I] |
know that the conquest of English America is an impossibility. You
cannot, I venture to say it, you CANNOT conquer America. Your armies
last war effected everything that could be effected; and what was it? It
cost a numerous army, under the command of a most able general [Lord _
Amberst|, now a noble lord in this House, a long and laborious campaign,
to expel five thousand Frenchmen from French America. My lords, you —
cannot conquer America. What is your present situation there? We do
not know the worst; but we know that in three campaigns we have done
nothing, and suffered much. Besides the sufferings, perhaps total loss of _
the Northern force; the best appointed army that ever took the field, |
commanded by Sir William Howe, has retired from the American lines; _
he was obliged to relinquish his attempt, and with great delay and danger, _
to adopt a new and distant plan of operations. We shall soon know, and |
in any event have reason to lament, what may have happened since. As —

 

to conquest, therefore, my lords, I repeat it is impossible. You may sw a =
every expense, and every effort still more extravagantly; pile and ac-_
cumulate every assistance you can buy or borrow; traffic and barter with

 
(). . 7 :
Of Pitt: ‘You cannot conquer A merica’

 

every little pitiful German prince that sells and sends his subjects to the
shambles of a foreign country; your efforts are for ever vain and
impotent — doubly so from this mercenary aid on which you tely; for it
iffitates, to an incurable resentment, the minds of your enemies - - to
overrun them with the sordid sons of tapine and of plunder; devoting
them and their possessions to the rapacity of hireling cruelty! If I were
an American, as | am an Englishman, while a foreign troop was landed

in my country, I never would lay down my arms; never! never! never!
Your own army is infected with the contagion of these illiberal allies,
The spirit of plunder and of rapine is gone forth among them. I know it
— and notwithstanding what the noble Earl [Ear/ Percy] who moved the
Address has given as his opinion of our American army, I know from
authentic information, and the most experienced officers, that our discipline
is deeply wounded. Whilst this is notoriously our sinking situation,
_ America grows and flourishes; whilst our strength and discipline are

lowered, theirs are rising and improving.

But, my lords, who is the man that, in addition to these disgraces and
3 _ mischiefs of our army, has dared to authorize and associate to our arms
the tomahawk and scalping-knife of the savage? To call into civilized
ie ce the wild and inhuman savage of the woods; to delegate to the
_ merciless Indian the defence of disputed rights; and to wage the horrors
_ of his barbarous war against our brethren? My lords, these enormities
“cry aloud for redress and punishment: and unless thoroughly done away,
_ they will be an indelible stain on the national character. It is not the least
of our national misfortunes that the strength and character of our army
are thus impaired: infected with the mercenary spirit of robbery and
tapine — familiarized to horrid scenes of savage cruelty, it can no longer
boast the noble and generous principles which dignify a soldier; no
= longer sympathize with the dignity of the royal banner, nor feel ‘the —
pride, pomp, and circumstance of glorious war, that make ambition —
: oe virtue!’ What makes ambition vittue? The sense of honour. But is the —
sense of honour consistent with a spirit of plunder, ot the practice of |
~ murder? Can it flow from mercenary motives, or can it prompt to cruel —
ie deeds? Besides these murderets and plunderers, let me ask out ministers —
_ — what other allies have they acquired? What other powers have they
associated to theit seas? Have a 3 a into Pali with ee a a

   
 

 

 

 

 
Pitt: “You cannot conquer A merica’ 95

 

due dependence of America on this country than I do: to preserve it,
and not confirm that state of independence into which your measures
hitherto have driven them, is the object which we ought to unite in
attaining. The Ameticans, contending for their rights against arbitrary
exactions, I love and admire; it is the struggle of free and virtuous
patriots: but, contending for independency and total disconnection from
England, as an Englishman I cannot wish them success, for, in a due
constitutional dependency, including the ancient supremacy of this

country in regulating their commerce and navigation, consists the mutual

happiness and prosperity both of England and America. She derived
assistance and protection from us, and we reaped from her the most
important advantages; she was, indeed, the fountain of our wealth, the
nerve of our strength, the nursery and basis of our naval power.

It is our duty, therefore, my lords, if we wish to save our country,
most seriously to endeavour the recovery of these most beneficial
subjects: and in this perilous crisis perhaps the present moment may be
the only one in which we can hope for success; for, in their negotiations
with France, they have, or think they have, reason to complain: though
it be notorious that they have received from that power important
supplies and assistance of various kinds, yet it is certain they expected it
in a more decisive and immediate degree. America is in ill humour with
France on some points that have not entirely answered her expectations:
let us wisely take advantage of every possible moment of reconciliation.
Besides, the natural disposition of America herself still leans towards
England — to the old habits of connection and mutual interest that
united both countries. This was the established sentiment of all the
continent; and still, my lords, in the great and principal part, the sound
part of America, this wise and affectionate disposition prevails; and there
is a very considerable part of America yet sound — the middle and the
southern provinces. Some parts may be factious and blind to their true
interests; but if we express a wise and benevolent disposition to communi-
cate with them those immutable rights of nature, and those constitutional
liberties, to which they are equally entitled with ourselves, by a conduct
so just and humane, we shall confirm the favourable, and conciliate the —
adverse. I say, my lords, the rights and liberties to which they are
equally entitled with ourselves, but no more. I would participate to them
every enjoyment and freedom which the colonizing subjects of a free —
State can possess, or wish to possess; and I do not see why they should
not enjoy every fundamental right in their property, and every original —
substantial liberty which Devonshire or Surrey, or the county I live ine;

 
€ , S ;
6 Pitt: “You cannot conquer A merica’

a

or any other county in England can claim; teserving always, as the
sacred right of the mother-country, the due constitutional dependency of
the colonies. The inherent supremacy of the state, in regulating and
protecting the navigation and commerce of all her subjects, is necessary
for the mutual benefit and preservation of every part, to constitute and
preserve the prosperous arrangement of the whole empire.
The sound parts of America, of which I have spoken, must be
sensible of these great truths and of their real interests. America is not in
that state of desperate and contemptible rebellion which this country has
been deluded to believe. It is not a wild and lawless banditti, who,
having nothing to lose, might hope to snatch something from public
convulsions; many of their leaders and great men have a great stake in
this ‘great contest: the gentleman who conducts their armies, I am told,
has an estate of four or five thousand pounds a year: and when I

consider these things, I cannot but lament the inconsiderate violence of
our penal acts — our declarations of treason and rebellion, with all the
_ fatal effects of attainder and confiscation. :

As to the disposition of foreign powers, which is asserted to be pacific
“and friendly, let us judge, my lords, rather by their actions and the
nature of things than by interested assertions. The uniform assistance
E ioplied to America by France suggests a different conclusion. The most
important interests of France, in aggrandizing and enriching herself
with what she most wants, supplies of every naval store from America,

F must inspire her with different sentiments. The extraordinary prepara-
tions of the House of Bourbon by land and by sea, from Dunkirk to the

Streights, equally ready and willing to overwhelm these defenceless
3 islands, should rouse us to a sense of their teal disposition and our own
danger. Not five thousand troops in England! — hardly three thousand -
in Ireland! What can we oppose to the combined force of our enemies?
es twenty ships of the line fully or sufficiently manned that any
_admiral’s reputation would permit him to take the command of! The
-tiver of Lisbon in the possession of out enemies! The seas swept by
~ American privateers! Our Channel torn to pieces by them! In this’
BS eacsics crisis of danger — weakness at. home and calamity abroad,
_ terrified and insulted by the neighbouring powers, unable to act in —
| = America, or acting only to be destroyed — where is the man with the 4
_ forehead to promise or hope for success in such a situation? or from
perseverance in the measures that have driven us to it? Who has the _
_ Soreeead to > do so? Where i is that man? | eels be glad to see nna face. . as

  
 
  

 

 
Pitt: “You cannot conquer America oo
be eee eee

subdue her by your present, or by any measures. What, then, can you do?
You cannot conquer, you cannot gain, but you can address, you can lull
the fears and anxieties of the moment into an ignorance of the danger
that should produce them. But, my lords, the time demands the language
of truth: we must not now apply the flattering unction of servile
compliance, or blind complaisance. In a just and necessary war, to |
maintain the rights or honour of my country, I would strip the shirt
from my back to support it. But in such a war as this, unjust in its
principle, impracticable in its means, and ruinous in its consequences, I
would not contribute a single effort, nor a single shilling. I do not call
for vengeance on the heads of those who have been guilty; I only
recommend them to make their retreat: let them walk off; and let them

make haste, or they may be assured that speedy and condign punishment
will overtake them.

My lords, I have submitted to you, with the freedom and truth which
I think my duty, my sentiments on your present awful situation. I have —
laid before you the ruin of your power, the disgrace of your reputation,
the pollution of your discipline, the contamination of your morals, the
complication of calamities, foreign and domestic, that overwhelm your
sinking country. Your dearest interests, your own liberties, the constitu-
tion itself, totters to the foundation. All this disgraceful danger, this
multitude of misery, is the monstrous offspring of this unnatural war.
We have been deceived and deluded too long: let us now stop short: this
_ is the crisis — maybe the only crisis, of time and situation, to give us a
possibility of escape from the fatal effects of our delusions. But if, in an
- obstinate and infatuated perseverance in folly, we meanly echo back the
peremptory words this day presented to us, nothing can save this
devoted country from complete and final ruin. We madly tush into
multiplied miseries and ‘confusion worse confounded’. | =
Is it possible, can it be believed, that ministers are yet blind to this —
impending destruction? I did hope, that instead of this false and empty ;
vanity, this overweening pride, engendering high conceits, and presump- —
_ tuous imaginations — that ministers would have humbled themselves in _
their errors, would have confessed and retracted them, and by an active,
though a late repentance, have endeavoured to redeem them. But, my "
lords, since they had neither Sagacity to foresee, nor justice nor humanity =
to shun, these oppressive calamities; since not even severe experience _
can make them feel, nor the imminent ruin of their country awaken
them from their stupefaction, the guardian care of Parliament must
_ interpose. I shall therefore, my lords, propose to you an amendment to

 
98 Pitt: “You cannot conquer A merica’

ee

the address to His Majesty, to be inserted immediately after the two first
paragraphs of congratulation on the birth of a princess: to recommend
an immediate cessation of hostilities, and the commencement of a treaty
to restore peace and liberty to America, strength and happiness to
England, security and permanent prosperity to both countries. This, my
lords, is yet in our power; and let not the wisdom and justice of your
lordships neglect the happy, and, perhaps, the only opportunity. By the
establishment of irrevocable law, founded on mutual rights, and
ascertained by treaty, these glorious enjoyments may be firmly perpetu-
ated. And let me repeat to your lordships, that the strong bias of
America, at least of the wiser and sounder parts of it, naturally inclines
to this happy and constitutional reconnection with you. Notwithstanding
the temporary intrigues with France, we may still be assured of their
ancient and confirmed partiality to us. America and France cannot be
congenial: there is something decisive and confirmed in the honest
American that will not assimilate to the futility and levity of Frenchmen.
My lords, to encourage and confirm that innate inclination to
this country, founded on every principle of affection, as well as consid-
__etation of interest — to restore that favourable disposition into a
permanent and powerful reunion with this country — to revive the
mutual strength of the empire; again, to awe the House of Bourbon,
instead of meanly truckling, as our present calamities compel us, to
evety insult of French caprice and Spanish punctilio — to re-establish
_ our commerce — to reassert our rights and our honour — to confirm our
_ interests, and renew our glories for ever (a consummation most devoutly
to be endeavoured! and which, I trust, may yet arise from reconciliation
with America) — I have the honour of submitting to you the following
amendment, which I move to be inserted after the two first paragraphs
of the address: ,

‘And that this House does most humbly advise and supplicate His
Majesty to be pleased to cause the most speedy and effectual measures to
be taken for restoring peace in America; and that no time may be lost in
proposing an immediate cessation of hostilities there, in order to the
; opening a treaty for the final settlement of the tranquillity of these
_ invaluable provinces, by a removal of the unhappy causes of this ruinous
__ avil war; and by a just and adequate security against the return of the
__ like calamities in times to come. And this House desite to offer the most _
dutiful assurances to His Majesty, that they will, in due time, cheerfully
_ Cooperate with the magnanimity and tender goodness of His Majesty for

 

 

% ve Preservation of his people, by such explicit and most solemn declara-

eng

 
Pitt: ‘If we must fall, let us fall like men? 99

 

tions, and provisions of fundamental and irrevocable laws, as may be

judged necessary for the ascertaining and fixing for ever the respective
rights of Great Britain and her colonies.’

WILLIAM PITT, 1ST EARL OF CHATHAM
7 April 1778

Tf we must fall, let us fall like men!’

By the spring of 1778 Chatham was a dying man, but when the Duke of
Richmond proposed to press for American independence, he decided to make one
last effort to thwart a policy that he believed would ruin Eingland. As he passed to
his seat the assembled lords rose and made way for him.

So shrunk was he with illness and suffering that from his bushy wig little could
be seen of his countenance but the great aquiline nose and the flashing eyes. As he
rose to Speak, leaning on his crutches and supported on each side, he took one hand
from his crutch and raised it to heaven. Gaunt, tragic, Lear-like in his madness,
‘Says J.—. Plumb, his feeble voice stumbled from phrase to phrase, the scene made
more poignant by the flashes of rhetoric his hearers knew so well.

 

My lords, I rejoice that the grave has not closed upon me; that I am still
alive to lift up my voice against the dismemberment of this ancient and
most noble monarchy! Pressed down as I am by the hand of infirmity, I
am little able to assist my country in this most perilous conjuncture; but,
my lords, while I have sense and memory, I will never consent to
deprive the royal offspring of the House of Brunswick, the heirs of the
Princess Sophia, of their fairest inheritance. Where is the man that will
dare to advise such a measure? My lords, his Majesty succeeded to an
empire as great in extent as its reputation was unsullied, Shall we tarnish
the lustre of this nation by an ignominious surrender of its rights and
_ fairest possessions? Shall this great kingdom, that has survived, whole _
and entire, the Danish deptedations, the Scottish inroads, and the
Norman Conquest; that has stood the threatened invasion of the Spanish

Armada, now fall prostrate before the House of Bourbon? Surely, my

lords, this nation is no longer what it was! Shall a people, that seventeen _
_ years ago was the terror of the world, now stoop so low as to tell its

 aasient inveterate enemy, take all we have, only give us peace? It is ae
impossible! | | Aaa

i

 
100 Franklin: ‘J agree to this Constitution with all its faults’

Se

I wage war with no man, or set of men. I wish for none of their
employments; nor would I cooperate with men who still persist in
unretracted error: or who, instead of acting on a firm decisive line of
conduct, halt between two opinions, where there is no middle path, In
God’s name, if it is absolutely necessary to declare either for peace or
war, and the former cannot be preserved with honour, why is not the
latter commenced without hesitation? I am not, I confess, well informed
of the resources of this kingdom; but I trust it has still sufficient to
maintain its just rights, though I know them not. My lords, any state is

better than despair. Let us at least make one effort; and if we must fall,
let us fall like men!

When Chatham tried to rise again, he fell back in his seat and was carried
insensible to bis house. He died on 11 May and was buried in Westminster A bbey.

BENJAMIN FRANKLIN
17 September 1787

  

‘I agree to this Constitution with all its faults’

The Constitutional C onvention, held in closed sessions at Independence Hall,
Philadelphia, was a unique occasion in American history, the crowning act of the
American revolution. Under George Washington as president, jifty-fe delegates
Succeeded in devising a permanent framework Sor the government of the American
nation. < = 3
_ At eighty-one, twice the age of half the delegates, Benjamin Franklin (7706—
90) attended the debates regularly. He was too old and frail to make any great
mark. Flis chief contribution was to keep the delegates in a good humour with his
sayings, jokes and stories. |
After more than three months, the Constitution was unanimously agreed on 15

September. Two days later the convention met to receive and to sign the official
parchment version. The great occasion was opened by Franklin with his last public
Speech, which was read for him by James Wilson, a lawyer with the Pennsylvania
delegation. There was no hard sell from Franklin. This was the best Constitution
that could be devised, he said, and this was the spirit in which he himself intended
-boaccept 4. | ;

_ Tconfess that I do not entirely approve of this Constitution at present;

we 7
pee

 
Franklin: ‘I agree to this Constitution with all its faults’ 107

 

but, sit, I am not sure I shall never approve of it, for, having lived long,
I have experienced many instances of being obliged, by better informa-
tion or fuller consideration, to change opinions even on important
subjects, which I once thought right, but found to be otherwise. It is
therefore that, the older I grow, the more apt | am to doubt my own
judgement of others. Most men, indeed, as well as most sects in religion,
think themselves in possession of all truth, and that wherever others
differ from them, it is so far error. Steele, a Protestant, in a dedication,
tells the pope that the only difference between our two churches in their
opinions of the certainty of their doctrine is, the Romish Church is
infallible, and the Church of England is never in the wrong. But, though
many private persons think almost as highly of their own infallibility as
of that of their sect, few express it so naturally as a certain French lady,
who, in a little dispute with her sister, said: ‘But I meet with nobody but
myself that is always in the right.’

In these sentiments, sir, ] agree to this Constitution with all its faults —
if they are such — because I think a general government necessary for us,
and there is no form of government but what may be a blessing to the —
people if well administered; and I believe, further, that this is likely to be ©
well administered for a course of years, and can only end in despotism,
as other forms have done before it, when the people shall become so
corrupted as to need despotic government, being incapable of any other.
I doubt, too, whether any other convention we can obtain may be able
_ to make a better Constitution; for, when you assemble a number of men,
to have the advantage of their joint wisdom, you inevitably assemble
with those men all their prejudices, their passions, their errors of
opinion, their local interests, and their selfish views. From such an
assembly can a perfect production be expected?

It therefore astonishes me, sir, to find this system approaching so near
to perfection as it does; and I think it will astonish our enemies, who are
waiting with confidence to hear that our counsels ate confounded like
those of the builders of Babel, and that our states are on the point of
separation, only to meet hereafter for the purpose of cutting one —
another’s throats. Thus I consent, sir, to this Constitution, because I
expect no better, and because I am not sure that it is not the best. The
opinions I have had of its errors I sacrifice to the public good. I have —
_ never whispered a syllable of them abroad. Within these walls they were _

born, and here they shall die. If every one of us, in returning to our |
constituents, were to report the objections he has had to it, and endeavor _
to gain partisans in support of them, we might prevent its being generally —

   

 
102 Hamilton: ‘The thing is a dream’

reper ge ee

received, and thereby lose all the salutary effects and great advantages

resulting naturally in our favor among foreign nations, as well as among

ourselves, from our real or appatent unanimity. Much of the strength

and efficiency of any government, in procuring and securing happiness

to the people, depends on opinion, on the general opinion of the

goodness of that government, as well as of the wisdom and integrity of

its governors. I hope, therefore, for our own sakes, as a part of the

_ people, and for the sake of our posterity, that we shall act heartily and

unanimously in tfecommending this Constitution wherever our influence

may extend, and turn our future thoughts and endeavors to the means of

having it well administered.

On the whole, sir, I can not help expressing a wish that every member

of the convention who may still have objections to it, would, with me,

on this occasion, doubt a little of his own infallibility, and, to make
__-‘ manifest our unanimity, put his name to this instrument.

ALEXANDER HAMILTON
June 1788 |

   

‘The thing is a dream’

' The Constitution had to be ratified by at least nine states if it was to come into
- . operation. Most moved quickly, and by April 1788 six had accepted. Maryland
= ratified on 26 April and South Carolina in May. Meanwhile there were furious
battles in New Hampshire, Virginia and New York, where the anti- federalists
were in a majority of 46 to 49-3 Se
‘That majority was overturned solely by the oratory of Alexander Hamilton
Ste (1757-1804), who had been George Washington’ s aide-de-camp in 17 77 at the
| = age of twenty and afterwards one of the most eminent lawyers in New York.
_ Hamilton was one of the first advocates of a stronger central government for the
thirteen states; after the Philadelphia convention he concewed the idea of the
Federalist Papers and wrote fifty-one of the eighty-five himself.
“So he was well prepared for the combat in Poughkeepsie courthouse when New —
York's ratifying convention, packed with his foes, opened on 17 June (with New —
_ Hampshire and Virginia still to decide). S ingle-handed, he kept the federalist :
‘Minority together, made three major speeches, and converted many of the anti- —
federalists. He secured final victory by three votes after news reached New Yor
that Virginia had ratified. = $

 
Hamilton: ‘The thing is a dream’ 103
a a

Gentlemen indulge too many unreasonable apprehensions of danger to
the state governments; they seem to suppose that the moment you put
men into a national council they become corrupt and tyrannical, and lose
all their affection for their fellow citizens. But can we imagine that the
senators will ever be so insensible of their own advantage as to sacrifice
the genuine interest of their constituents? The state governments are
essentially necessary to the form and spirit of the general system. As
long, therefore, as Congress has a full conviction of this necessity, they
must, even upon principles purely national, have as firm an attachment
to the one as to the other. This conviction can never leave them, unless
they become madmen. While the Constitution continues to be read and
its principle known, the states must, by every rational man, be considered
as essential, component parts of the Union; and therefore the idea of
sacrificing the former to the latter is wholly inadmissible .

There are certain social principles in human nature from which we
may draw the most solid conclusions with respect to the conduct of
individuals and of communities. We love our families more than our
neighbors; we love our neighbors more than our countrymen in general.
The human affections, like the solar heat, lose their intensity as they
depart from the center, and become languid in proportion to the
expansion of the circle on which they act. On these principles, the
attachment of the individual will be first and forever secured by the state
governments; they will be a mutual protection and support. Another
source of influence, which has already been pointed out, is the various
official connections in the states. Gentlemen endeavour to evade the
force of this by saying that these offices will be insignificant. This is by
no means true. The state officers will ever be important, because they
ate necessary and useful. Their powers are such as are extremely interest-
ing to the people; such as affect their property, their liberty, and life.
What is more important than the administration of justice and the

execution of the civil and criminal laws? Can the state governments

become insignificant while they have the power of raising money

independently and without control? If they are really useful, if they are
calculated to promote the essential interests of the people, they must
have their confidence and support. The states can never lose their

powers till the whole people of America are robbed of their liberties.
These must go together; they must support each other, or meet one —
common fate. On the gentleman’s principle, we may safely trust the state a
governments, though we have no means of resisting them; but we

_ Cannot confide in the national government, though we have an effectual

 
104 Hamilton: ‘The thing is a dream’
a eet

constitutional guard against every encroachment. This is the essence of
their argument, and it is false and fallacious beyond conception,

With regard to the jurisdiction of the two governments, 1 shall
certainly admit that the Constitution ought to be so formed as not to
prevent the states from providing for their own existence; and I maintain
that it is so formed, and that their power of providing for themselves js
sufficiently established. This is conceded by one gentleman, and in the
next breath the concession is retracted. He says Congress has but one
exclusive tight in taxation — that of duties on imports; certainly, then,
theit other powers ate only concurrent. But to take off the force of this
obvious conclusion he immediately says that the laws of the United
States are supreme; and that where there is one supreme there cannot be
a concutrent authority; and further, that where the laws of the Union are
supreme, those of the states must be subordinate; because there cannot
be two supremes. This is curious sophistry. That two supreme powers
cannot act together is false. They are inconsistent only when they are
aimed at each other or at one indivisible object. The laws of the United

States are supreme as to all their proper, constitutional objects; the laws
of the states are supreme in the same way. These supreme laws may act
, on different objects without clashing; or they may operate on different
_ parts of the same common object with perfect harmony.

From the delinquency of those states which have suffered little by the
wat, we naturally conclude that they have made no efforts; and a
knowledge of human nature will teach us that their ease and security

have been a principal cause of their want of exertion. While danger is
distant, its impression is weak; and while it affects only out neighbors,
we have few motives to provide against it. Sir, if we have national

objects to pursue, we must have national revenues. If you make requisi-
tions, and they are not complied with, what is to be done? It has been —
obsetved, to coerce the states is one of the maddest projects that was
ever devised. A failure of compliance will never be confined to a single
state. This being the case, can we suppose it wise to hazard a civil wat?
Suppose Massachusetts, or any large state, should tefuse, and Congress _
should attempt to compel them, would. they not have influence to ©

- procure assistance, especially from those states which are in the same

in situation as themselves? What picture does this idea present to our view?
_ A complying state at war with a noncomplying state; Congress marching —

- the troops of one state into the bosom of another; this state collecting —

| - auxiliaries, and forming, perhaps, a majority against its federal heac
we _ Here iS a nation at war with itself. Can any reasonable - man be. e

  
  

 
    
Hamilton: ‘The thing is a dream’ 105

ENOL ee ee

disposed towards a government which makes war and carnage the only
means of supporting itself — a povernment that can exist only by the
sword? Every such war must involve the innocent with the guilty. This
single consideration should be sufficient to dispose every peaceable
citizen against such a government.

But can we believe that one state will ever suffer itself to be used as an
instrument of coercion? The thing is a dream; it is impossible. Then we
are brought to this dilemma — either a federal standing army is to
enforce the requisitions or the federal treasury is left without supplies
and the government without support. What, sir, is the cure for this great
evil? Nothing but to enable the national laws to operate on individuals
in the same manner as those of the states do, This is the true reasoning
upon the subject, sir. The gentlemen appear to acknowledge its force;
and yet, while they yield to the principle, they seem to fear its application
to the government...

It has been said that ingenious men may say ingenious things, and
that those who are interested in raising the few upon the ruins of the

many may give to every cause an appearance of justice. | know not
whether these insinuations allude to the characters of any who are here
present or to any of the reasonings in this house. I presume that the
gentlemen would not ungenerously impute such motives to those who
differ from themselves. I declare I know not any set of men who are to.

derive peculiar advantages from this Constitution. Were any permanent
honors or emoluments to be secured to the families of those who have
been active in this cause, there might be some grounds for suspicion.
But what reasonable man, for the precarious enjoyment of rank and
power, would establish a system which would reduce his nearest friends
and his posterity to slavery and ruin? If the gentlemen reckon me among
the obnoxious few, if they imagine that I contemplate with ambitious
eye the immediate honors of the government, yet let them consider that
I have my friends, my family, my children, to whom ties of nature and —
of habit have attached me. If, today, I am among the favored few, my —
children, tomorrow, may be among the oppressed; these dear pledges of
my patriotism may, at a future day, be suffering the severe distresses to
which my ambition has reduced them. The changes in the human
condition are uncertain and frequent: many, on whom Fortune has
bestowed her favor, may trace their family to a more unprosperous
Station; and many, who ate now in obscurity, may look back upon the _
_ affluence and exalted rank of their ancestors. But I will no longer
___tfespass on your indulgence, I have troubled the committee with these

oii

 

 
 

106 Hamilton: ‘The thing is a dream’
See Re ee ee ee

observations, to show that it cannot be the wish of any reasonable man
to establish a government unfriendly to the liberties of the people.
Gentlemen ought not, then, to presume that the advocates of this
Constitution are influenced by ambitious views. The suspicion, sir, is
unjust; the charge is uncharitable.

New Yorkers acknowledged the great services of Alexander Hamilton. When they
hauled a model ship of state through the city, in celebration of the ratification
decision, they named her the Hamilton.

When Washington became President, Hamilton was the first Secretary of the

Treasury.

 
 

 
SIR ROBERT WALPOLE
13 February 1741

‘Il am conscious of no crime’

When George I, who could not speak English, grew bored with Parliament and
ceased to attend, Sir Robert Walpole (1676-1745) established his supremacy by
chairing on behalf of the King a small group of ministers which was the forerunner
of the British Cabinet. He came to be seen as England’s first prime minister and
was in power for twenty-one years, to 1742.

By 1741, however, he had been in power too long and could count on the support
of only three members of his Cabinet. A general election was imminent when the
opposition introduced to Parliament a motion petitioning the King to remove
Walpole from his counsels for ever. After a long and vehement discussion Walpole
wound up the debate, as his biographer John Morley put it, with an animation and

dignity worthy of a great minister defending a long and powerful government of the
affairs of a great nation.

It has been observed by several gentlemen, in vindication of this motion,
that if it should be carried, neither my life, liberty, nor estate will be
affected. But do the honourable gentlemen consider my character and
teputation as of no moment? Is it no imputation to be arraigned before
this House, in which I have sat forty years, and to have my name
transmitted to posterity with disgrace and infamy? I will not conceal my
sentiments, that to be mamed in Parliament as a subject of inquiry, is to
me a matter of great concern. But I have the satisfaction, at the same
time, to reflect, that the impression to be made depends upon the
consistency of the charge and the motives of the prosecutors.

Had the charge been reduced to specific allegations, I should have felt
myself called upon for a specific defence. Had I served a weak or wicked
master, and implicitly obeyed his dictates, obedience to his commands
must have been my only justification. But as it has been my good
fortune to serve a master who wants no bad ministers, and would have
hearkened to none, my defence must rest on my own conduct. The
Consciousness of innocence is also a sufficient support against my
Present prosecutors. A further justification is derived from a considera-
“on of the views and abilities of the prosecutors. Had I been guilty of
éreat enormities, they want neither zeal and inclination to bring them —

 

    
110 Walpole: ‘I am conscious of no crime’

sec ype neta = ae

forward, nor ability to place them in the most prominent point of view.
But as I am conscious of no crime, my own experience convinces me
that none can be justly imputed . . .

Gentlemen have talked a great deal of patriotism. A venerable word,
when duly practised. But I am sorry to say that of late it has been so
much hackneyed about, that it is in danger of falling into disgrace. The
vety idea of true patriotism is lost, and the term has been prostituted to
the very worst of purposes. A patriot, sit! Why, patriots spring up like
mushrooms! I could raise fifty of them within the four-and-twenty
hours. I have raised many of them in one night. It is but refusing to
gratify an unreasonable or an insolent demand, and up starts a patriot. |
have never been afraid of making patriots; but I disdain and despise all
their efforts. This pretended virtue proceeds from personal malice and
disappointed ambition. There is not a man among them whose particular
aim I am not able to ascertain, and from what motive they have entered
into the lists of opposition .

If my whole Ee ininientiws is to be sergnnized and arraigned, why are
the most favourable parts to be omitted? If facts are to be accumulated
on one side, why not on the other? And why. may not I be permitted to
speak in my own favour? Was I not called by the voice of the King and
the nation to remedy the fatal effects of the South Sea project, and to

_ support declining credit? Was I not placed at the head of the treasury
when the revenues were in the greatest confusion? Is credit revived, and
does it now flourish? Is it not at an incredible height? and if so, to
whom must that circumstance be attributed? Has not tranquillity been
preserved both at home and abroad, notwithstanding a most unreason-
able and violent opposition? Has the true interest of the nation been
pursued, or has trade flourished? Have gentlemen produced one instance
of this exorbitant power; of the influence which I extend to all parts at-G |
the nation; of the tyranny with which I oppress those who oppose, and —
the liberality with which I reward those who support me? But nie
first invested me with a kind of mock dignity, and styled me a prime —

_ minister, they impute to me an unpardonable abuse of that ee ical”
authority which they only have created and conferred. If they are reall
persuaded that the army is annually established by me, that I asi |
sole disposal of posts and honours, that I employ this power in t

_ destruction of liberty and the diminution of commerce, let me a

= _ them from their delusion. Let me expose to their view the real co :
no) of the public weal. Let me show them that the Crown has nac

 

 
  
 
  
 
    
Walpole: ‘I am conscious of no crime’ TT

NN

all questions have been debated with the same freedom as before the
fatal period in which my counsels are said to have gained the ascendancy
_— an ascendancy from which they deduce the loss of trade, the approach
of slavery, the preponderance of prerogative, and the extension of
influence. But I am far from believing that they feel those apprehensions
which they so earnestly labour to communicate to others; and I have too
high an opinion of their sagacity not to conclude that, even in their own
judgement, they are complaining of grievances that they do not suffer,
and promoting rather their private interest than that of the public.

What is this unbounded sole power which is imputed to me? How has
it discovered itself, or how has it been proved?

What have been the effects of the corruption, ambition, and avarice
with which I am so abundantly charged?

Have I ever been suspected of being eorrupred? A strange phenom-
enon, a corrupter himself not corrupt! Is ambition imputed to me? Why
then do I still continue a commoner? I, who refused a white staff and a
peerage? I had, indeed, like to have forgotten the little ornament about
my shoulders [the garter], which gentlemen have so repeatedly mentioned
in terms of sarcastic obloquy. But surely, though this may be regarded
with envy or indignation in another place, it cannot be supposed to
raise any resentment in ¢4zs House, where many may be pleased to

see those honours which their ancestors have worn, restored again to the
Commons.

Have I given any symptoms of an avaricious disposition? Have I
obtained any grants from the Crown since I have been placed at the head
of the treasury? Has my conduct been different from that which others
in the same station would have followed? Have I acted wrong in giving
the place of auditor toymy son, and in providing for my own family? I

trust that their advancément will not be imputed to me as a crime, unless _

it shall be proved that I placed them in offices of trust and responsibility
for which they were unfit.

But while I unequivocally deny that I am sole and prime minister, and
that to my influence and direction all the measures of the government
must be attributed, yet I will not shrink from the responsibility which
attaches to the post I have the honour to hold; and should, during the
long period in which I have sat upon this bench, any one step taken by

government be proved to be either disgraceful or disadvantageous to the .

nation, I am ready to hold myself accountable.

To conclude, sir, though I shall always be proud of the honour of any
‘tust or confidence from His Majesty, yet I shall always be ready to

 

s nate ¥ 2

Re TR ns li,

 

   
112 Pitt: “Where law ends, there tyranny begins’

I esiccceioaee ene ene camreneeeee

 

remove from his councils and presence when he thinks fit: and therefore
I should think myself very little concerned in the event of the present
question, if it were not for the encroachment that will thereby be made
upon the prerogatives of the Crown. But I must think that an address to
His Majesty to remove one of his servants, without so much as alleging
any particular crime against him, is one of the greatest encroachments
that was ever made upon the prerogatives of the Crown. And therefore,
for the sake of my master, without any regard for my own, I hope all
those that have a due regard for our constitution, and for the rights and
prerogatives of the Crown, without which our constitution cannot be
preserved, will be against this motion.

The speech was a success and the motion for an address to the King defeated. But
Walpole was compelled to resign a year later.

WILLIAM PITT, Ist EARL OF CHATHAM
9 January 1770

   

‘Where law ends, there tyranny begins’

~ John Wilkes was expelled from Parliament and outlawed in 1764 after his paper,
The North Briton, was convicted of seditious libel.

The subsequent Wilkes controversy highlighted an important constitutional
conflict, between those who beleved parliamentary privileges should be safeguarded
from the Crown and the mob, and those who believed that the Commons had no
_ right to outlaw a member or flout the electorate.

In this speech to the House of Lords, made after an absence of three years,
Chatham placed himself firmly on the side of the freedom of the people and the —
principles of ee on which the Constitution had been based since Magna Carta.

My lords, I affirm, and am ready to maintain, that the late decision ae =
the House of Commons upon the Middlesex election is destitute of es

every one of those properties and conditions which I hold to be _

_ essential to the legality of such a decision. It is not founded in reason;
for it carries with it a contradiction, that the representative should —
perform the office of the constituent body. It is not prone bya
single precedent . . ~~

It contradicts Maen Carta and the Bill of Rights, by which .

     
  

 
Pitt: ‘Where /aw ends, there tyranny begins’ 113
a a a

provided, that no subject shall be deprived of his freehold, unless by the
judgement of his peers, or the law of the land; and that elections of
members to serve in Parliament shall be free; and so far is this decision
from being submitted to by the people that they have taken the strongest
measures and adopted the most positive language to express their
discontent. Whether it will be questioned by the legislature, will depend
upon your lordships’ resolution; but that it violates the spirit of the
constitution will, I think, be disputed by no man who has heard this
day’s debate, and who wishes well to the freedom of his country; yet,
if we are to believe the noble lord, this great grievance, this manifest
violation of the first principles of the constitution, will not admit of
a remedy; is not even capable of redress, unless we appeal at once to
Heaven. My lords, I have better hopes of the constitution, and a firmer
confidence in the wisdom and constitutional authority of this House.
It is to your ancestors, my lords, it is to the English barons that we
are indebted for the laws and constitution we possess. Their vittues wete
tude and uncultivated, but they were great and sincere. Their under-
standings were as little polished as their manners, but they had hearts to
distinguish right from wrong; they had heads to distinguish truth from
falsehood; they understood the rights of humanity, and they had spirit to
maintain them. |

My lords, I think that history has not done justice to their conduct,
when they obtained from their sovereign that great acknowledgement of
national rights contained in Magna Carta; they did not confine it to
themselves alone, but delivered it as a common blessing to the whole
people. They did not say, These are the rights of the great barons, or
these are the rights of the great prelates; no, my lords, they said, in the
simple Latin of the times, nu/lus liber homo, and provided as carefully for
the meanest subject as for the greatest. These are uncouth words, and
sound but poorly in the ears of scholars; neither are they addressed to
the criticism of scholars, but to the hearts of free men. These three
wotds, nullus liber homo, have a meaning which interests us all; they
deserve to be remembered — they are worth all the classics. Let us not,
then, degenerate from the glorious example of our ancestors. Those
iton barons (for so I may call them when compared with the silken
barons of modern days) were the guardians of the people; yet their
vittues, my lords, were never engaged in a question of such importance
as the present. A breach has been made in the constitution — the
battlements are dismantled — the citadel is open to the first invader —
the walls totter — the place is no longer tenable. What then remains

 

 

 

   
   
114 Burke: ‘He is not a member of Bristol
Es a

for us but to stand foremost in the breach, to repair it, or to perish in
ters.

There is one ambition at least which I ever will acknowledge, which I
will not renounce but with my life — it is the ambition of delivering to

my posterity those rights of freedom which I have received from my
ancestors. | am not now pleading the cause of an individual, but of

every freeholder in England ... Unlimited power is apt to corrupt the
minds of those who possess it; and this I know, my Lords, that where

law ends, there tyranny begins.

EDMUND BURKE
3 November 1774

‘He is not a member of Bristol,
but he is a member of Parliament’

   

EArt the general election of 1774, Edmund Burke was asked to stand by the
electors of Bristol. After his election, he delivered an address at the city’s

Guildhall in which he gave his famous definition of a Member of Parliament's
duty to his constituents, still quoted frequently more than two centuries later.

I owe myself, in all things, to a// the freemen of this city. My particular

friends have a demand on me that I should not deceive their expectations.

_ Never was cause of man supported with more constancy, more activity,
mote spirit. I have been supported with a zeal indeed and heartiness in _
my friends, which (if their object had been at all proportioned to their
endeavours) could never be sufficiently commended. They supported me

- upon the most liberal principles. They wished that the members for
Bristol should be chosen for the city, and for their country at large, and
not for themselves.

So far they are not disappointed. If I possess nothing else, I am cote ie

_ possess the temper that is fit for your service. I know nothing of Bristol

‘ but by the favours I have received and the virtues I have seen exerted i in
os it.

   
   
  

 

_ I shall ever retain, what I now feel, the most perfect and grate |
_ attachment to my friends — and I have no enmities, no resentme:
"fever can consider fidelity to engagements and constancy in friends nip

 
Burke: ‘He 7s not a member of Bristol 115
Sc ee ae ee ee age ee

but with the highest approbation, even when those noble qualities are
employed against my own pretensions. The gentleman who is not
fortunate as I have been in this contest, enjoys in this respect a

consolation full of honour both to himself and to his friends. They have
certainly left nothing undone for his service.

As for the trifling petulance which the rage of party stirs up in little
minds, though it should show itself even in this court, it has not made

the slightest impression on me. The highest flight of such clamorous
birds is winged in an inferior tegion of the air. We hear them, and we

look upon them just as you, gentlemen, when you enjoy the serene air
on your lofty rocks, look down upon the gulls that skim the mud of
your river when it is exhausted of its tide.

I am sorry I cannot conclude without saying a word on a topic
touched upon by my worthy colleague. I wish that topic had been
passed by at a time when I have so little leisure to discuss it. But since he
has thought proper to throw it out, I owe you a clear explanation of my
poor sentiments on that subject.

He tells you that ‘the topic of instructions has occasioned much
altercation and uneasiness in this city’; and he expresses himself (if I
understand him rightly) in favour of the coercive authority of such
instructions.

Certainly, gentlemen, it ought to be the happiness and glory of a
representative to live in the strictest union, the closest correspondence,
and the most unreserved communication with his constituents. Their
wishes ought to have great weight with him; their opinion high respect;
their business unremitted attention. It is his duty to sacrifice his repose,
his pleasure, his satisfactions, to theirs; and, above all, ever, and in all
cases, to prefer their interest to his own.

To deliver an opinion is the right of all men; that of constituents is a
weighty and respectable opinion, which a representative ought always to
rejoice to hear, and which he ought always most seriously to consider.
But authoritative instructions, mandates issued which the member is _
bound blindly and implicitly to obey, to vote and to argue for, though __
contrary to the clearest conviction of his judgement and conscience:
these are things utterly unknown to the laws of this land, and which
atise from a fundamental mistake of the whole order and tenor of our
constitution. :

Parliament is not a: congress of ambassadors from different and hostile —
interests, which interests each must maintain, as an agent and advocate,
against other agents and advocates; but Parliament is a deliberative

 

 

    
   
  
116 Burke: ‘The wounds given to the Constitution’

one tN me

assembly of one nation with one interest — that of the whole: where, not
local purposes, not local prejudices ought to guide, but the general
good, resulting from the general reason of the whole. You choose 4
member, indeed; but when you have chosen him, he is not a member of
Bristol, but he is a member of Parliament. If the local constituent should
have an interest or should form an hasty opinion, evidently opposite to
the real good of the rest of the community, the member for that place
ought to be as far, as any other, from any endeavour to give it effect. |
beg pardon for saying so much on this subject. I have been unwillingly
drawn into it, but I shall ever use a respectful frankness of communica-
tion with you. Your faithful friend, your devoted servant, I shall be to
the end of my life; a flatterer you do not wish for.

But his unbiased opinion, his mature judgement, his enlightened
conscience, he ought not to sacrifice to you — to any man, of to any set
of men living. These he does not derive from your pleasure; no, nor
from the law and the constitution. They are a trust from Providence, for
the abuse of which he is deeply answerable. Your representative owes
you, not his industry only, but his judgement; and he betrays, instead of
serving, you if he sacrifices it to your opinion.

My worthy colleague says his will ought to be subservient to yours. If
that be all, the thing is innocent. If government were a matter of will
upon any side, yours, without question, ought to be superior. But
government and legislation are matters of reason and judgement, and
not of inclination; and what sort of reason is that in which the determina-
tion precedes the discussion? in which one set of men deliberate, and
another decide? and where those who form the conclusion are perhaps
three hundred miles distant from those who hear the arguments?

 

Burke neglected Bristol, and his constituents resented his outspoken position on the
major issues of the day. Six years later, he withdrew his candidacy.

JOHN WILKES
oe February 1775

‘The wounds given to the Constitution . . . are still bleeding’

_ After being expelled from Parliament and outlawed in 1764, John Wilke
_ (1725-97) clashed continually with the King, George III, and the Common

; a ~ =o.

  
   
Wilkes: ‘Te wounds given to the Constitution’ Lit

 

especially after he returned to Britain and was again elected to Parliament by
Middlesex. He was elected and expelled four times, until the government declared
his unsuccessful opponent duly elected. The people of London rose against the threat
of tyranny from a corrupt Parliament.

Wilkes, whose clashes with the King and the Commons established fundamental
liberties of the individual and led to the setting up of the Bill of Rights Society — the
first to use modern methods of agitation — put his case in this speech to the Commons.

The motion which I shall have the honour of submitting to the House
affects, in my opinion, the very vitals of this Constitution, the great
primary sources of the power of the people, whom we represent, and by
whose authority only, delegated to us for a time, we are a part of the
legislative body of this kingdom. The proceedings of the last Parliament
in the business of the Middlesex elections gave a just alarm to almost
every elector in the nation. The fatal precedents then attempted to be
established were considered as a direct attack on the inalienable rights of
the people. The most respectable bodies in this kingdom expressed their
abhorrence of the measure: they proceeded so far as to petition the
Crown for the dissolution of that Parliament, as having been guilty of a
flagrant abuse of their trust. Above sixty thousand of our fellow subjects
cattied their complaints to the foot of the throne; a number surely
deserving the highest regard from a minister, if his whole attention had
not been engrossed by the small number of the six thousand who return
the majority of members to this House. The people, sit, were in a
ferment, which has not yet subsided. They made my cause their own, for
they saw the powers of government exerted against the Constitution,
which was wounded through my sides; and the envenomed shafts of a
wicked administration pointed at our laws and liberties, no less at a
hated individual. The plan was carried on for some years with a spirit of
malevolence and rancour which would have disgraced the very worst,
but with a perseverance which would have done honour to the best
cause. I do not mean, sir, to go through the variety of persecutions and
injuries which that person suffered, I hope, with a becoming fortitude. I
have forgiven them. All the great powers of the state at one time
appeared combined to pour their vengeance on me. Even imperial Jove
pointed his thunderbolts, red with uncommon wrath, at my devoted
head. I was scorched, but not consumed. The broad shield of the law
protected me. A generous public, and my noble friends, the freeholders
of Middlesex, the ever-steady friends of libert
Poured balm into my wounds;

 

y and their country, —
they are healed. Scarcely a scar remains: |

  

~ nhtage ty af)

i i,
118 Wilkes: ‘The wounds given to the Constitution’
ee eee ee

but I feel, I deeply feel, the wounds given to the Constitution; they are
still bleeding; this House only can heal them: they only can restore the
Constitution to its former state of purity, health, and vigour...

In the first formation of this government, in the original settlement of
our Constitution, the people expressly reserved to themselves a very
considerable part of the legislative power, which they consented to share
jointly with a King and House of Lords. From the great population of
our island, this power could not be exercised personally, and therefore the
many were compelled to delegate that power to a few; who thus became
their deputies and agents only, or their representatives. It follows directly,
from the very idea of choice, that such choice must be free and
uncontrolled, admitting of no restrictions but the law of the land, to
which King and lords are equally subject, and what must arise from the
nature of the trust. A peer of Parliament, for instance, cannot be elected a

member of the House of Commons, because he already forms part of
another branch of the same legislative body. A lunatic has a natural
incapacity. Other instances might be mentioned, but those two are
sufficient. The freedom of election is, then, the common right of the
people, their fair and just share of power; and I hold it to be the most

_ glorious inheritance of every subject of this realm, the noblest and, I trust,

_ the most solid part of that beautiful fabric, the English Constitution .

But, sir, if you can expel whom you please, and reject those dienpemes
able to you, the House will be self-created and self-existing. The original
idea of your representing the people will be lost. The consequences of —
such a principle are to the highest degree alarming. A more forcible
engine of despotism cannot be put into the hands of any minister. I wish
gentlemen would attend to the plain consequences of such proceedings,
and consider how they may be brought home to themselves. A member
hated or dreaded by the minister is accused of any crime; for instance, of
having written a pretended libel. I mention this instance as the crime
least likely to be committed by most of the members of this House. No bi

 

 
Fox: ‘The most odious species of tyranny’ 119

 

Corruption had not lent despotism wings to fly so high in the time of
Charles I, or the minister of that day would have been contented with
expelling Hampden and the four other heroes, because they had immedi-
ately been adjudged incapable, and he would thereby have incapacitated
them from thwarting in Parliament the arbitrary measures of a wicked
court. Upon all these considerations, in order to quiet the minds of the
people, to restore our violated Constitution to its original purity, to
vindicate the injured rights of this country in particular, and of all the
electors of this kingdom, and that not the least trace of the violence and
injustice of the last Parliament may disgrace our records, I humbly
move, “That the resolution of this House of the seventeenth of February,
1769, “That John Wilkes, Esq., having been in this session of Parliament
expelled this House, was and is incapable of sitting in the present
Parliament,” be expunged from the journals of this House, as being
subversive of the rights of the whole body of electors of this kingdom.’

CHARLES JAMES FOX
1 December 1783

‘The most odious species of tyranny’

 

Charles James Fox (1749-1806 ), a lover of liberty, was the greatest parliamentary
_ gladiator in the history of British politics. A brilliant, impetuous speaker, he was
the only man who could stand up to William Pitt the Y ounger without being worsted.
According to Edmund Burke he was the greatest speaker the world ever saw.

‘His speeches were things of the moment, never prepared ... mere flashes of
genius, but the Commons valued them above all the classic periods and intricate
exposition of his rivals,’ says one biographer.

The Fox—North coalition government was formed in 1783 after William
Pitt the Younger refused to become prime minister. Fox immediately introduced
his India Reform Bill, transferring the affairs of the East India Company to
seven commissioners appointed first by Parliament and later by the Crown. He
described in this speech to the Commons the rapacity of the company which,
although it had laid the foundations for British rule, had left many provinces
impoverished and shorn of rights and sovereignty.

 

Freedom, according to my conception of it, consists in the safe and —
sacred possession of a man’s property, governed by laws defined and —

  
  
120 Fox: ‘The most odious species of tyranny’

$$ eee

certain; with many personal privileges, natural, civil, and religious,

which he cannot sutrender without ruin to himself; and of which to be

deprived by any other power is despotism. This bill, instead of subvert-
ing, is destined to give stability to these principles; instead of narrowing

the basis of freedom, it tends to enlarge it; instead of suppressing, its

object is to infuse and circulate the spirit of liberty.

What is the most odious species of tyranny? Precisely that which this
bill is meant to annihilate. That a handful of men, free themselves,
should execute the most base and abominable despotism over millions of
their fellow creatures; that innocence should be the victim of oppression,
that industry should toil for rapine; that the harmless labourer should
sweat, not for his own benefit, but for the luxury and rapacity of

_ tyrannic depredation; in a word, that thirty millions of men, gifted by
Providence with the ordinary endowments of humanity, should groan
under a system of despotism unmatched in all the histories of the world.

What is the end of all government? Certainly the happiness of the

: "governed. Others may hold other opinions, but this is mine, and I
proclaim it. What are we to think of a government whose good fortune
s _ is supposed to spring from the calamities of its subjects, whose aggran-
: en grows out of the miseries of mankind? This is the kind of
- government exercised under the East India Company upon the natives
_ of Hindustan; and the subversion of that infamous government is the
~ main object of the bill in question. But in the progress of accomplishing
- this end, it is objected that the charter of the company should not be
~ violated; and upon this point, sir, I shall deliver my opinion without
disguise. A charter is a trust to one ot more persons for some given —
benefit. If this trust be abused, if the benefit be not obtained, and its
failure arise from palpable guilt, or (what in this case is full as bad) from ~
palpable ignorance or mismanagement, will any man gravely say that
that trust should not be resumed and delivered to other hands, more —
especially in the case of the East India Company, whose manner of —
executing this trust, whose laxity and languor have produced, and tend |
to produce, consequences diametrically opposite to the ends of confiding
that trust, and of the institution for which it was granted? I beg of
gentlemen to be aware of the lengths to which their arguments upon the
__ intangibility of this charter may be carried. Every syllable —
_ impeaches the establishment by which we sit in this House, in the —
<— eajoy mane of this freedom, and of wane other bleating of our i ocee ;

  
 
  

 
Fox: “The most odious species of tyranny’ 121

 

opinions, and discover the inheritance of family maxims, when they
question the principles of the Revolution; but I have no scruple in
subscribing to the articles of that creed which produced it. Sovereigns
are sacred, and reverence is due to every king; yet, with all my attach-
ments to the person of a first magistrate, had I lived in the reign of
James I, I should most certainly have contributed my efforts and borne
part in those illustrious struggles which vindicated an empire from
hereditary servitude, and recorded this valuable doctrine, ‘that trust
abused is revocable’.

No man, sit, will tell me that a trust to a company of merchants
stands upon the solemn and sanctified ground by which a trust is
committed to a monarch; and I am at a loss to reconcile the conduct of
men who approve that resumption of violated trust, which rescued and
re-established our unparalleled and admirable Constitution with a
thousand valuable improvements and advantages at the Revolution, and
who, at this moment, rise up the champions of the East India Company’s
charter, although the incapacity and incompetency of that company to a
due and adequate discharge of the trust deposited in them by that —
chatter are themes of ridicule and contempt to the world; and although, —
in consequence of their mismanagement, connivance, and imbecility, —
combined with the wickedness of their servants, the very name of an
Englishman is detested, even to a proverb, through all Asia, and the
national character is become degraded and dishonoured. To rescue that
name from odium and redeem this character from disgrace are some of
the objects of the present bill; and, gentlemen should, indeed, gravely
weigh their opposition to a measure which, with a thousand other points
not less valuable, aims at the attainment of these objects.

Those who condemn the present bill as a violation of the chartered
rights of the East India Company condemn, on the same ground, I say
again, the Revolution as a violation of the chartered rights of King
James II. He, with as much reason, might have claimed the property of
dominion; but what was the language of the people? ‘No; you have no
property in dominion; dominion was vested in you, as it is in every chief
magistrate, for the benefit of the community to be governed; it was a
sacred trust delegated by compact; you have abused that trust; you have
exercised dominion for the purposes of vexation and tyranny — not of
comfort, protection, and good order; and we, therefore, resume the power
which was originally ours; we recur to the first principles of all government _
~ the will of the many, and it is our will that you shall no longer abuse
your dominion.’ The case is the same with the East India Company’s

 

   

 
122 Burke: ‘He is doing indeed a great good’

 

government over a territory, as it has been said by my honourable friend
(Mr Burke], of two hundred and eighty thousand square miles in extent,
nearly equal to all Christian Europe, and containing thirty millions of the
human race. It matters not whether dominion arise from conquest or from
compact. Conquest gives no right to the conqueror to be a tyrant; and it is
no violation of right to abolish the authority which is misused...

EDMUND BURKE
1 December 1783

‘He is doing indeed a great good’

- Fox’s India Reform Bill alienated the City — and the beneficial effect of the bill
on his own fortunes was also noted. He did, however, win the support of Edmund
_ Burke, who in this speech made on the same night described contemptuously the
eg oe of “young officials sent out to India — and ended with a eulogy of Fox.

The natives scarcely know what it : to see the grey head of an

, Englishman. Young men (boys almost) govern there, without society, and —
without sympathy with the natives. They have no more social habits with

_ the people than if they still resided in England; nor, indeed, any species of
_ intercourse but that which is necessary to making a sudden fortune, with a

_ view toa remote settlement. Animated with all the avarice of age, and all
the impetuosity of youth, they roll in one after another; wave after wave;
and there is nothing before the eyes of the natives but an endless, hopeless —
prospect of new flights of birds of prey and passage, with Be =
pensinscly renewing for a food that is continually wasting... eS
_ And now, having done my duty to the bill, let me say a word to the

: = author. I should leave him to his own noble sentiments if the unworth)

 

 
Fox: ‘. .. an absolute and a limited monarchy?’ iz

 

owing to his ignorance of the state of men and things; he well knows what
snares are spread about his path, from personal animosity, from court
intrigues, and possibly from popular delusion. But he has put to hazard
his ease, his security, his interest, his power, even his darling popularity,
for the benefit of a people whom he has never seen. This is the road that
all heroes have trod before him. He is traduced and abused for his
supposed motives. He will remember that obloquy is a necessary ingredient
in the composition of all true glory: he will remember that it was not only
in the Roman customs, but it is in the nature and constitution of things,
that calumny and abuse are essential parts of triumph. These thoughts will
support a mind which only exists for honour, under the burden of
temporary reproach. He is doing indeed a great good; such as rarely falls
to the lot, and almost as rarely coincides with the desires, of any man. Let
him use his time. Let him give the whole length of the reins to his —
benevolence. He is now on a great eminence, where the eyes of mankind —

are turned to him. He may live long, he may do much. But here is the
summit. He never can exceed what he does this day . . .

I have spoken what I think, and what I feel, of the mover of this bill. —
An honourable friend of mine, speaking of his merits, was charged with —
having made a studied panegyric; I don’t know what his was. Mine, I —
am sute, is a studied panegyric; the fruit of much meditation; the result —
of the observation of near twenty years. For my own part, I am happy
that I have lived to see this day; I feel myself overpaid for the labours of
eighteen years when, at this late period, I am able to take my share, by
one humble vote, in destroying a tyranny that exists to the disgrace of
this nation, and the destruction of so large a part of the human species.

   
 

ie

CHARLES JAMES FOX
17 December 1783

‘What is the difference between an absolute 4
and a limited monarchy?’ :

 

As the controversy over Fox’s East India bill intensified, the King let it be
known that he would deem those who voted for Fox his enemies. A debate on
ministerial responsibility and the influence of the Crown was initiated — when Fo
made this coruscating attack on the ‘secret influence’ of George III. |

  
  
124 Fox: ‘.. . an absolute and a limited monarchy?’

 

So much has been said about the captivity of the throne, while His
Majesty acts only in concert with his ministers, that one would imagine
the spirit and soul of the British Constitution were yet unknown in this
House. It is wisely established as a fundamental maxim, that the King
can do no wrong; that whatever blundets or even crimes may be
chargeable on the executive power, the Crown is still faultless? But how?
Not by suffering tyranny and oppression in a free government to pass
with impunity; certainly not: but the minister who advises or executes an
unconstitutional measure, does it at his peril; and he ought to know, that
Englishmen are not only jealous of their tights, but legally possessed of
powers, competent on every such emergency to tedress their wrongs.
What is the distinction between an absolute and a limited monarchy? but
that the sovereign, in the one, is a despot, and may do what he pleases;
but in the other, is himself subjected to the laws, and consequently not
at liberty to advise with any one on public affairs not responsible for
that advice; and the Constitution has clearly directed his negative to
Operate under the same wise restrictions. These prerogatives are by no
‘means vested in the Crown to be exerted in a wanton and arbitrary
_ manner. The good of the whole is the exclusive object to which all the
branches of the legislature and their different powers invariably point.
| Whoever interferes with this primary and supreme direction, must, in
the highest degree, be unconstitutional. Should, therefore, His Majesty
be disposed to check the progress of the legislature in accomplishing any
measute of importance, either by giving countenance to an invidious
whisper, or the exertion of his negative, without at the same time
consulting the safety of his ministers, here would be an instance of
maladministration for which, on that supposition, the Constitution has’
provided no remedy. And God forbid that ever the Constitution of this
country should be found defective in a point so material and “os
indispensable to public welfare.

Sir, it is a public and crying grievance that we are not the first who ca
have felt this secret influence. It seems to be a habit against which no

_ change of men or measutes can operate with success. It has overtumed a
_ more able and popular minister [Lord Chatham than the present, and
_ bribed him with a peerage, for which his best friends never cordiall:

_ forgave him. The scenes, the times, the politics, and the system of
court, may shift with the party that predominates, but this dark myst
Ous engine is not only formed to control every ministry, but to

the Constitution, 3 ote

  
  
  

   
   
    
   

    
6

Fox: *. . . an absolute and a limited monarchy?’ 125

His Majesty’s councils, by which the spirit of government is so much
relaxed, and all its minutest objects so fatally deranged. During the
strange and ridiculous interregnum of last year, I had not a doubt in my
own mind with whom it originated; and I looked to an honourable

gentleman [Jenkinson] opposite to me, the moment the grounds of
objection to the East India bill were stated. The same illiberal and
plodding cabal who then invested the throne, and darkened the royal
mind with ignorance and misconception, have once more been employed
to act the same part. But how will the genius of Englishmen brook the
insult? Is this enlightened and free country, which has so often and
successfully struggled against every species of undue influence, to revert
to those Gothic ages, when princes were tyrants, ministers minions, and
government intriguing? Much and gloriously did this House fight and
overcome the influence of the Crown by purging itself of ministerial
dependants: but what was the contractors’ bill, the board of trade, or a
vote of the revenue officers, compared to a power equal to one-third of ©
the legislature, unanswerable for, and unlimited in its acting? Against —
these we had always to contend; but we knew their strength, we saw
their disposition, they fought under no covert, they were a powerful,

not a sudden enemy. To compromise the matter, therefore, sir, it would

become this House to say, rather than yield to a stretch of prerogative

thus unprecedented and alarming, withdraw your secret influence, and,

whatever entrenchments have been made on the Crown, we are ready to

tepair: take back those numerous and tried dependants who so often
secured you a majority in Parliament; we submit to all the mischief
which even this accession of strength is likely to produce: but for God’s
sake strangle us not in the very moment we look for success and
triumph by an infamous string of bedchamber janissaries! . .

For my own part, I ever thought public confidence the ‘iil substantial
basis of a sound administration. The people of England have made me s
what I am; it was at their instance I have been called to a station in their
service; and, perhaps, it would not be treating them well, hastily to
abandon the post to which they have generously raised me. The whole
of that respectable arrangement in which I am an individual, are, in my
opinion, bound in honour to do something at least for thirty millions of
innocent people, whose expectations have been raised and flattered by ©
our exertions; who have long struggled under every oppression, and —
grappled with their fate in vain; whose wretched and deplorable circum-
stances affect the British character in every corner of the world with
infamy and horror; and who, at this moment, in spite of every CHEER,

 

 

 

  
  
 
 
 
  
  

 
126

conten

Burke: ‘I impeach Warren | Tastings’
ern ee

teense

both of the legislature and court of directors, groan under the scourge,
the extortion, and the massacre, of a cruel and desperate man, whom, in
my conscience and from my heart, I detest and execrate.

Fox’s bill was carried by the Commons, but defeated in the Lords the same day.
He was dismissed next day. William Pitt the Y ounger became prime minister and
the long contest between two of Britain’s greatest parliamentarians be LAN.

EDMUND BURKE
15-19 February 1788

‘l impeach Warren Hastings’

After serving as Governor-General of India for eleven years, Warren Hastings
returned to England in 1786 a hero. He was féted by the East India Company,
befriended by George III and recognized for his services by Pitt. Yet he was soon
_ accused of arbitrary and tyrannical government. Burke led the attack on him, with
Ath ard Sheridan in support. On 3 April 1787, the Commons voted to impeach
lastings and the scene was set for the greatest political trial in England’ s history.

As the seven-year trial, heard over 145 days, opened in Westminster Hall

before the House of Lords, Burke, speaking for six days, supported the prosecution
and ee a thundering indictment of Hastings and his conduct of office.

     
     
   
   
 

F The crimes, which we charge in these articles, are not lapses, defects, _
_ efrors, of common human frailty, which, as we know and feel, we can _
' allow for. We charge this offender with no crimes, that have not arisen _
from passions, which it is criminal to harbour; with no offences, that
have not their root in avarice, tapacity, pride, insolence, ferocity, treach-
ety, ctuelty, malignity of temper; in short, in nothing, that does ne
__ afgue a total extinction of all moral principle; that does not manifest an
inveterate blackness of heart, dyed in grain with malice, vitiated,
“a ees acace to the “a core. ae we do not — iif crin

    
Burke: ‘I impeach Warren Hastings’ 127

 

commit upon deliberation; that he did not commit against advice,
supplication, and remonstrance; that he did not commit against the

direct command of lawful authority; that he did not commit after
reproof and reprimand, the reproof and reprimand of those, who are
authorized by the laws to reprove and reprimand him. The crimes of Mr
Hastings are crimes not only in themselves, but aggravated by being
crimes of contumacy. They were crimes not against forms, but against
those eternal laws of justice, which are our tule and our birthright. His
offences are not, in formal, technical language, but in reality, in sub-
stance, and effect, igh crimes and high misdemeanours.

So far as to the crimes. As to the criminal, we have chosen him on the
same principle, on which we selected the crimes. We have not chosen to
bring before you a poor, puny, trembling delinquent, misled, perhaps,
by those, who ought to have taught him better, but who have afterwards
oppressed him by their power, as they had first corrupted him by their
example. Instances there have been many, wherein the punishment of
minor offences, in inferior persons, has been made the means of screening
crimes of an high order, and in men of high description. Our course is
different. We have not brought before you an obscure offender, who,
when his insignificance and weakness are weighed against the power of
the prosecution, gives even to public justice something of the appearance
of oppression; no, my lords, we have brought before you the first man
of India in rank, authority, and station. We have brought before you the
chief of the tribe, the head of the whole body of eastern offenders; a
captain-general of iniquity, under whom all the fraud, all the peculation,
all the tyranny, in India, are embodied, disciplined, arrayed, and paid.
This is the person, my lords, that we bring before you. We have
brought before you such a person, that, if you strike at him with the
firm and decided arm of justice, you will not have need of a great many
more examples. You strike at the whole corps, if you strike at the
head...

My lords, I do not mean now to go farther than just to remind your
lordships of this — that Mr Hastings’ government was one whole system
of oppression, of robbery of individuals, of spoliation of the public, and
of supersession of the whole system of the English government, in order
to vest in the worst of the natives all the power that could possibly exist —
in any government; in order to defeat the ends which all governments —
Ought, in common, to have in view. In the name of the Commons ok

England, I charge all this villainy upon Warren Hastings, in this LS
moment of my application to you.

 

  
 
  
128 Burke: ‘I impeach Warren Hastings’
Ss
I, therefore, charge Mr Hastings with having destroyed, for ptivate

purposes, the whole system of government by the six provincial councils,
which he had no right to destroy.

I charge him with having delegated to others that power, which the
act of Parliament had directed him to preserve unalienably in himself.

I charge him with having formed a committee to be mere instruments
and tools, at the enormous expense of £62,000 per annum.

I charge him with having appointed a person their dewan, to whom
these Englishmen wete to be subservient tools; whose name to his
own knowledge, was by the general voice of India, by the general
recorded voice of the company, by recorded official transactions, by
everything, that can make a man known, abhorred, and detested,
stamped with infamy; and with giving him the whole power, which he
had thus separated from the council general, and from the provincial
Counc |
_ Icharge him with taking bribes of Gunga Govin Sing.

_ I charge him with not having done that bribe service, which fidelity
even in iniquity requires at the hands of the worst of men.
_, _ Icharge him with having robbed those people, of whom he took the

 
   
   
 

__ bribes. |
I charge him with having fraudulently alienated the fortunes of
widows.
| Icharge him with having, without right, title, or purchase, taken the
© lands of orphans, and given them to wicked persons under him.
I charge him with having removed the natural guardians of a minor
tajah, and with having given that trust to a stranger, Debi Sing, whose
wickedness was known to himself and all the world; and by whom the
tajah, his family, and dependants were cruelly oppressed. — | |
I charge him with having committed to the management of Debi Sing
three great provinces; and thereby, with having wasted the country,
ruined the landed interest, cruelly harassed the peasants, burnt their
houses, seized their crops, tortured and degraded their persons, and
destroyed the honour of the whole female tace of that country.
- In the name of the Commons of England, I charge all this villainy
upon Warren Hastings, in this last moment of my application to you.

My lords, what is it, that we want here to a great act of national
justice? Do we want a cause, my lords? You have the cause of oppressed ©
princes, of undone women of the first rank, of desolated provinces,.and
of wasted kingdoms. : = | .
Do you want a criminal, my lords? When was there so much iniquity

  
Burke: ‘I impeach Warren Hastings’ ‘Ze
a se = Se

ever laid to the charge of any one? No, my lords, you must not look
to punish any other such delinquent from India. Warren Hastings has
not left substance enough in India to nourish such another delinquent.

My lords, is it a prosecutor you want? You have before you the
Commons of Great Britain as prosecutors; and, I believe, my lords, that
the sun, in his beneficent progress round the world, does not behold a
more glorious sight than that of men, separated from a remote people by
the material bounds and barriers of nature, united by the bond of a
social and moral community; all the Commons of England resenting, as
their own, the indignities and ctuelties, that are offered to all the people
of India.

Do we want a tribunal? My lords, no example of antiquity, nothing in
the modern world, nothing in the tange of human imagination, can
supply us with a tribunal like this. My lords, here we see virtually in the
mind’s eye that sacred majesty of the Crown, under whose authority you
sit, and whose power you exercise. We see in that invisible authority, |
what we all feel in reality and life, the beneficent powers and protecting —
justice of his majesty. We have here the heit apparent to the Crown, —
such as the fond wishes of the people of England wish an heir apparent —
of the Crown to be. We have here all the branches of the royal family in
a situation between majesty and subjection, between the sovereign and
the subject — offering a pledge in that situation for the support of the
rights of the Crown, and the liberties of the people, both which
extremities they touch. My lords, we have a great hereditary peerage
here; those, who have their own honour, the honour of their ancestors,
and of their posterity, to guard; and who will justify, as they have
always justified, that provision in the Constitution, by which justice is
made an hereditary office. My lords, we have here a new nobility, who
have arisen and exalted themselves by vatious merits, by great military
services, which have extended the fame of this country from the rising
to the setting sun: we have those, who by various civil merits and
vatious civil talents have been exalted to a situation, which they well
deserve, and in which they will justify the favour of their sovereign, and
the good opinion of their fellow subjects; and make them rejoice to see
those virtuous characters, that were the other day upon a level with
them, now exalted above them in rank, but feeling with them in
sympathy what they felt in common with them before. We have persons
exalted from the practice of the law, from the place, in which they |

administered high, though subordinate, justice, to a seat here, to en-
lighten with their knowledge, and to strengthen with their votes those

   
 

 
  
    
130 Burke: ‘I impeach Warren Hastings’

SR SS gee I aT TR cS TTR ga a em ac ne aE

principles, which have distinguished the courts, in which they have
presided.

My lords, you have here also the lights of our religion; you have the
bishops of England. My lords, you have that true image of the primitive
church in its ancient form, in its ancient ordinances, purified from the
superstitions and the vices, which a long succession of ages will bring
upon the best institutions. You have the representatives of that religion,
which says, that their God is love, that the very vital spirit of their
institution is charity; a religion, which so much hates oppression, that,
when the God, whom we adore, appeared in human form, he did not
appear in a form of greatness and majesty, but in sympathy with the
lowest of the people — and thereby made it a firm and ruling principle,
that their welfare was the object of all government; since the person,
who was the Master of Nature, chose to appear himself in a subordinate

situation. These are the considerations, which influence them, which

animate them, and will animate them, against all oppression; knowing,
._ that He, who is called first among them, and first among us all, both of
» the flock that is fed, and of those who feed it, made Himself ‘the servant
_ of all’.
; My lords, these are the securities, which we have in all the constituent
: parts of the body of this house. We know them, we reckon, we rest
- upon them, and commit safely the interests of India and of humanity
_ into your hands. Therefore, it is with confidence, that, ordered by the
Commons —

I impeach Warren Hastings, Esq., of high crimes and misdemeanours.

I impeach him in the name of the Commons of Great Britain in
Parliament assembled, whose parliamentary trust he has betrayed.
I impeach him in the name of all the Commons of Great Britain,
whose national character he has dishonoured. _ |
é Il impeach him in the name of the people of India, whose laws, rights,
___ and liberties he has subverted; whose properties he has destroyed, whose

_ country he has laid waste and desolate.
= I impeach him in the name, and by virtue of those eternal laws of
eo justice, which he has violated.

a_i a impeach him in the name of human nature itself, which he has

1elly outraged, injured, and oppressed in both sexes, in eeery age,
k, situation, and condition of life.
My lords, at this awful close, in the name of the Commons and

‘surrounded by them, I attest the retiring, I attest the advancing genera-
tons, between which, as a link in the great chain of eternal order, we oy “J

   
 
 
   
   
      

  
 

 

Burke: ‘I impeach Warren Hastings’ 137

 

stand. We call this nation, we call the world to witness, that the
Commons have shrunk from no labour; that we have been guilty of no
prevarication; that we have made no compromise with crime; that we
have not feared any odium whatsoever, in the long warfare which we
have carried on with the crimes, with the vices, with the exorbitant
wealth, with the enormous and overpowering influence of Eastern
corruption.

My lords, it has pleased Providence to place us in such a state that we
appear evety moment to be upon the verge of some great mutations.
There is one thing, and one thing only, which defies all mutation: that
which existed before the world, and will survive the fabric of the world
itself — I mean justice; that justice which, emanating from the Divinity,
has a place in the breast of every one of us, given us for our guide with
tegatd to ourselves and with regard to others, and which will stand,
after this globe is burned to ashes, our advocate or our accuser, before
the great Judge, when He comes to call upon us for the tenor of a well-
spent life.

My lords, the Commons will share in every fate with your lordships; |
there is nothing sinister which can happen to you, in which we shall not |
all be involved; and, if it should so happen that we shall be subjected to
some of those frightful changes which we have seen — if it should
happen that your lordships, stripped of all the decorous distinctions of
human society, should, by hands at once base and cruel, be led to those
scaffolds and machines of murder upon which great kings and glorious
queens have shed their blood, amidst the prelates, amidst the nobles,
amidst the magistrates, who supported their thrones — may you in those
moments feel that consolation which I am persuaded <= felt in the
critical moments of their dreadful agony!

My lords, if you must fall, may you so fall! but, if you stand — and
stand I trust you will — together with the fortune of this ancient
monarchy, together with the ancient laws and liberties of this great and
illustrious kingdom, may you stand as unimpeached in honour as in
power; may you stand, not as a substitute for virtue, but as an ornament
of virtue, as a security for virtue; may you stand long, and long stand
the terror of tyrants; may you stand the refuge of afflicted nations; may

   

+

you stand a sacred temple, for the perpetual residence of an inviolable
justice! oe

 
Fle Sheridan: “Justice... august and pure’

 

RICHARD BRINSLEY SHERIDAN
13 June 1788

‘Justice. . . august and pure’

Richard Sheridan (1751-1816), the Irish dramatist and author of The School
for Scandal and The Rivals, a devoted friend of Fox, made his parliamentary
reputation with several great speeches during the Hastings trial. The speech he gave
as manager of the impeachment was delivered at four separate sittings in June.
This is an extract from the peroration on the fourth day, in which he discusses
whether Hastings is responsible for the actions of Mr Middleton, his confidential
agent, even though Middleton himself claims the responsibility for them.

The inquiry which now only remains, my lords, is, whether Mr Hastings
is to be answerable for the crimes committed by his agents? It has been
, fully proved that Mr Middleton signed the treaty with the superior
| begum in October 1778. He also acknowledged signing some others of a
| different date, but could not recollect the authority by which he did it!
These treaties were recognized by Mr Hastings, as appears by the
~ evidence of Mr Purling, in the year 1780. In that of October 1778, the
 Jaghire was secured, which was allotted for the support of the women
_ in the khord mahal. But still the prisoner pleads that he is not accountable
for the cruelties which were exercised. His is the plea which tyranny,
aided by its prime minister, treachery, is always sure to set up. Mr
Middleton has attempted to strengthen this ground by endeavouring to
claim the whole infamy in these transactions, and to monopolize the
guilt! He dared even to aver, that he had been condemned by Mr
_ Hastings for the ignominious part he had acted. He dared to avow this,
y = because Mr Hastings was on his trial, and he thought he never would
) ps be arraigned; but in the face of this court, and before he left the bar, he
was compelled to confess that it was for the lenience, and not the severity
__ of his proceedings, that he had been reproved by the prisoner.
It will not, I trust, be concluded that because Mr Hastings has not
narked every passing shade of guilt, and because he has only given the
Id outline of cruelty, he is therefore to be acquitted. It is laid down by
he law of England, that law which is the perfection of reason, that a
1 ordering an act to be done by his agent is answerable for that act

 
    
 

 

 
   
   
 
 
  

 

wr t

$

a. I its consequences, ‘Quod facit per alinm, facit per se.’ Middleton ”

ron

 
 

Sheridan: ‘Justice... august and pure’ 133

 

was appointed, in 1777, the confidential agent, the second self of Mr
Hastings. The Governor-General ordered the measure. Even if he never
saw, nor heard afterward of its consequences, he was therefore answer-
able for every pang that was inflicted, and for all the blood that was
shed. But he did hear, and that instantly, of the whole. He wrote to
accuse Middleton of forbearance and of neglect! . . .

After this, my lords, can it be said that the prisoner was ignorant of
the acts, or not culpable for their consequences? It is true, he did not
direct the guards, the famine, and the bludgeons; he did not weigh the
fetters, nor number the lashes to be inflicted on his victims; but yet he is
just as guilty as if he had borne an active and personal share in each
transaction, It is as if he had commanded that the heart should be torn
from the bosom, and enjoined that no blood should follow. He is in the
same degree accountable to the law, to his country, and to his conscience,
and to his God!

The prisoner has endeavoured also to get rid of a part of his guilt, by —
observing that he was but one of the supreme council, and that all the
rest had sanctioned those transactions with their approbation. Even if it
were true that others did participate in the guilt, it cannot tend to
diminish his criminalty .. .

When, my lords, the Board of Directors received the advices which —
Mr Hastings thought proper to transmit, though unfurnished with any
other materials to form their judgement, they expressed very strongly
their doubts, and properly ordered an inquiry into the circumstances of
the alleged disaffection of the begums, declaring it, at the same time, to
be a debt which was due to the honour and justice of the British nation.
This inquiry, however, Mr Hastings thought it absolutely necessary to
elude... 3
_ All this, however, my lords is nothing to the magnificent patagraph
which concludes this communication. __

‘Besides,’ says he, ‘I hope it will not be a departure from official
language to say, that the majesty of justice ought not to be approached
without solicitation. She ought not to descend to inflame or provoke,
but to withhold her judgement until she is called on to determine.’ _ | ig

But, my lords, do you, the judges of this land, and the expounders of _
its rightful laws — do you approve of this mockery and call it the
character of justice, which takes the form of tight to excite wrong? No, ©
my lords, justice is not this halt and miserable object; it is not the |
ineffective bauble of an Indian pagod; it is not the portentous phantom |
of despair; it is not like any fabled monster, formed in the eclipse of

   
  
 
   
    

 
reason, and found in some unhallowed grove of superstitious darkness

and political dismay! No, my lords. In the happy reverse of all this, I

turn from the disgusting caricature to the real image! Justice I have now

before me august and pure! The abstract idea of all that would be perfect

in the spirits and the aspitings of men! — where the mind rises; where the

heart expands; where the countenance is ever placid and benign; where

her favourite attitude is to stoop to the unfortunate; to hear their cry

and to help them, to rescue and relieve, to succour and save; majestic,

from its mercy; venerable, from its utility; uplifted, without pride; firm,

without obduracy; beneficent in each preference; lovely, though in her
frown!

On that justice I rely: deliberate and sure, abstracted from all party

purpose and political speculation; not on words, but on facts. You, my

_ lords, who hear me, I conjure, by those rights which it is your best

privilege to preserve; by that fame which it is your best pleasure to

inherit; by all those feelings which refer to the first term in the series of

existence, the original compact of our nature, our controlling rank in the

_ €reation. This is the call on all to administer to truth and equity, as they

would satisfy the laws and satisfy themselves, with the most exalted bliss

_ possible or conceivable for our nature; the self-approving consciousness

_ of virtue, when the condemnation we look for will be one of the most

ample mercies accomplished for mankind since the creation of the
_ world! My lords, I have done.

: Hastings was finally acquitted but sentenced to pay costs of £71,800. The East
India Company indemnified him by a pension of £4,000 a year for life.

 

WILLIAM WILBERFORCE
SAP May 1789>-

‘Let us make reparation to A frica’

BP intel

An anti-slavery society was formed in Britain in 1787 by Thomas Clarkson,
= Granville S harp and William Wilberforce (1759-1833), the son of a wealthy
= Aull merchant who was elected MP for Hull in 1784 and became a close friend of
William Pitt the Younger. Wilberforce was seriously ill in 1788 and exacted —
= 2 from Pitt, now prime minister, a promise that Pitt would try to abolish the slave
trade. Supported by Fox and Burke, Pitt kept his promise and a bill was drawn

  
Wilberforce: ‘Let us make reparation to A frica’ 135
a ee eee

up. By 1789, Wilberforce had recovered and the man who spent his life struggling
against slavery and became the conscience of England made this powerful speech to

the House of Commons.

When we consider the vastness of the continent of Africa; when we
reflect how all other countries have for some centuries past been
advancing in happiness and civilization; when we think how in this
same period all improvement in Africa has been defeated by her inter-
course with Britain; when we reflect that it is we ourselves that have

degraded them to that wretched brutishness and barbarity which we
now plead as the justification of our guilt; how the slave trade has
enslaved their minds, blackened their character, and sunk them so low
in the scale of animal beings that some think the apes are of a higher
class, and fancy the orang-outang has given them the go-by. What a

mortification must we feel at having so long neglected to think of our

guilt, or attempt any reparation! It seems, indeed, as if we had deter-

mined to forbear from all interference until the measure of our folly

and wickedness was so full and complete; until the impolicy which —
eventually belongs to vice was become so plain and glaring that not —
an individual in the country should refuse to join in the abolition; it
seems as if we had waited until the persons most interested should be
tired out with the folly and nefariousness of the trade, and should unite
in petitioning against it.

Let us then make such amends as we can for the mischiefs we have
done to the unhappy continent; let us recollect what Europe itself was
no longer ago than three or four centuries. What if I should be able to
show this House that in a civilized part of Europe, in the time of our

 

gteat plague having infested the country, the Irish were struck with .
panic, suspected (I am sure very ptoperly) that the plague was a _
punishment sent from heaven for the sin of the slave trade, and therefore _

put an end at once to this inhuman traffic — let us stop this
| of human blood. The true way to virtue is by withdrawing
ation; let us then withdraw from these wretched Africans,

    
136 Wilberforce: “Let us make reparation to A frica’
re an ae ee eS ee ee ee ee ee

those temptations to fraud, violence, cruelty, and injustice, which i
slave trade furnishes. Wherever the sun shines, let us go round the

world with him, diffusing our beneficence; but let us not traffic, only
that we may set kings against their subjects, subjects against their kings,
sowing discord in every village, fear and terror in every family, setting
millions of our fellow-creatures a-hunting each other for slaves, creating
fairs and markets for human flesh through one whole continent of the
world, and, under the name of policy, concealing from ourselves all the
baseness and iniquity of such a traffic.

Why may we not hope, ere long, to see Hanse-towns established on
the coast of Africa as they were on the Baltic? It is said the Africans are
idle, but they are not too idle, at least, to catch one another; seven
hundred to one thousand tons of rice are annually bought of them; by
the same rule why should we not buy more? At Gambia one thousand

of them are seen continually at work; why should not some more
_ thousands be set to work in the same manner? It is the slave trade that
causes their idleness and every other mischief. We are told by one
witness: “They sell one another as they can’; and while they can get
brandy by catching one another, no wonder they are too idle for any
regular work.
_ Thave one word more to add upon a most material point but it is a

_ point so self-evident that I shall be extremely short. It will appear from

_ everything which I have said, that it is not regulation, it is not mere

 palliatives, that can cure this enormous evil. Total abolition is the only

possible cure for it. The Jamaica report, indeed, admits much of the evil,
but recommends it to us so to regulate the trade, that no persons should
be kidnapped or made slaves contrary to the custom of Africa. But may

_ they not be made slaves unjustly, and yet by no means contrary to the

_ custom of Africa? I have shown they may, for all the customs of Africa
are tendered savage and unjust through the influence of this trade;
besides, how can we discriminate between the slaves justly and unjustly
“made? or, if we could, does any man believe that the British captains

ca _ o Sena in this SS “ — sens to cerase all

 
Wilberforce: “Let us make reparation to A frica’ IAF

 

passage, the evil is radical there also; the merchant’s profit depends upon
the number that can be crowded together, and upon the shortness of
their allowance. Astringents, escarotis, and all the other arts of making
them up for sale, are of the very essence of the trade; these arts will be
concealed both from the purchaser and the legislature; they are necessary
to the owner’s profit, and they will be practised. Again, chains and
arbitrary treatment must be used in transporting them; our seamen
must be taught to play the tyrant, and that depravation of manners
among them (which some very judicious persons have treated of as
the very worst part of the business) cannot be hindered, while the
trade itself continues. As to the slave merchants, they have already told
you that if two slaves to a ton are not permitted, the trade cannot
continue; so that the objections are done away by themselves on this
quarter; and in the West Indies, I have shown that the abolition is the —
only possible stimulus whereby a regard to population, and consequently
to the happiness of the Negroes, can be effectually excited in those |
islands. _ 3 j
I trust, therefore, I have shown that upon every ground the total —
abolition ought to take place. I have urged many things which are not —
my own leading motives for proposing it, since I have wished to show 7
every description of gentlemen, and particularly the West India planters, 3
who deserve every attention, that the abolition is politic upon their own ©
principles also. Policy, however, sir, is not my principle, and I am not 2
ashamed to say it. There is a principle above everything that is political; —
and when I reflect on the command which says: ‘Thou shalt do no
‘murder,’ believing the authority to be divine, how can I dare to set up
any feasonings of my own against it? And, sit, when we think of
eternity, and of the future consequences of all human conduct, what is

 

  
     
  
   
  

his conscience, the principles of justice, the laws of religion, and of God? a
Sir, the nature and all the circumstances of this trade are now laid open
to us; we can no longer plead ignorance, we cannot evade it, it is now an—
object placed before us, we cannot pass it; we may spurn it, we may kick
it out of our way, but we cannot turn aside so as to avoid seeing it; for it
is brought now so directly before our eyes that this House must decide,
and must justify to all the world, and to their own consciences, the
rectitude of the grounds and principles of their decision. A society ha
been established for the abolition of this trade, in which Dissenters,
_ Quakers, churchmen ~ in which the most conscientious of all persuasic ;
have all united, and made a common cause in this great question.

 
138 Pitt the Younger: ‘A barbarous traffic in slaves’
a a a el

not Parliament be the only body that is insensible to the ptinciples of
national justice. Let us make teparation to Africa, so far as we can, by
establishing a trade upon true commercial principles, and we shall soon
find the rectitude of our conduct rewarded by the benefits of a regular
and a growing commerce.

WILLIAM PITT THE YOUNGER
2 April 1792

‘Al barbarous traffic in slaves’

William Pitt (1759-1806), younger son of William Pitt, 1st Earl of Chatham,
was Chancellor of the Exchequer at twenty-three and Prime Minister at twenty-
four, a position he held almost continuously until his death at forty-six.

_ As Pitt rose in the Commons late at night to fulfil a promise to William
Wilberforce that he would try to abolish the slave trade, he was ill and exhausted
. and had to take medicine before he could continue. He gathered strength and
delivered one of his most celebrated speeches.

   
 
   
  

The result of all I have said is that there exists no impediment, on the
ground of pledged faith, or even on that of national expediency, to the
abolition of this trade. On the contrary, all the arguments drawn from
' those sources plead for it, and they plead much more loudly, and much
more strongly in every part of the question, for an immediate than for a
gradual abolition. But now, sir, I come to Africa. That is the ground on
_ which I rest, and here it is that I say my right honourable friends do not
carry their principles to their full extent. Why ought the slave trade to
__ be abolished? Because it is incurable injustice. How much stronger, then,
__ is the argument for immediate than gradual abolition! By allowing it to
continue even for one hour, do not my right honourable friends weaken

_ their own argument of its injustice? If on the ground of injustice it

_ ought to be abolished at last, why ought it not now? Why is injustice to
_be suffered to remain for a single hour? From what I heat without
doors, it is evident that there is a genetal conviction entertained of its
eing far from just; and from that very conviction of its injustice, some
have been led, I fear, to the supposition that the slave trade never
have been permitted to begin but from some strong and irresistible _
ty: a necessity, however, which if it was fancied to exist at first, Piece

ae
Ps,

     
  
  
   
    
Pitt the Younger: ‘A barbarous traffic in slaves’ 139

LE ene atStseaererttsanenreiatesiegeestinstehtnagiesessinssleegueashtutessiistcsestisnertensiinsesisinsnssinutnwnssstananssosinsest?

have shown cannot be thought by any man whatever to exist now. This
plea of necessity has caused a sort of acquiescence in the continuance of
this evil. Men have been led to place it among the rank of those
necessary evils which are supposed to be the lot of human creatures, and
to be permitted to fall upon some countries or individuals rather than
upon others by that Being whose ways are inscrutable to us, and whose
dispensations, it is conceived, we ought not to look into.

The origin of evil is indeed a subject beyond the reach of human
understandings; and the permission of it by the Supreme Being is a
subject into which it belongs not to us to inquire. But where the evil in
question is a moral evil which a man can scrutinize, and where that
moral evil has its origin with ourselves, let us not imagine that we can
clear our consciences by this general, not to say irreligious and impious,
way of laying aside the question. If we reflect at all on this subject, we

must see that every necessary evil supposes that some other and greater
evil would be incurred were it removed. I therefore desire to ask, what

can be that greater evil which can be stated to overbalance the one in
question? I know of no evil that ever has existed, nor can imagine any
evil to exist, worse than the tearing of seventy or eighty thousand
persons annually from their native land, by a combination of the most
civilized nations inhabiting the most enlightened part of the globe, but
more especially under the sanction of the laws of that nation which calls
herself the most free and the most happy of them all.

Even if these miserable beings were proved guilty of every crime
before you take them off, ought we to take upon ourselves the office of
executioners? And even if we condescend so far, still can we be justified
in taking them, unless we have clear proof that they are criminals? But,
if we go much further — if we ourselves tempt them to sell their fellow
creatures to us — we may fest assured that they will take care to provide
by every possible method a supply of victims increasing in proportion to
our demand. Can we, then, hesitate in deciding whether the wars in
Africa are their wars or ours? It was our arms in the river Cameroon,
put into the hands of the trader, that furnished him with the means of
pushing his trade; and I have no more doubt that they are British arms, _
put into the hands of Africans, which promote universal war and _
desolation than I can doubt their having done so in that individual
instance.

I have shown how great is the enormity of this evil, even on the
Supposition that we take only convicts and prisoners of war. But take
the subject in the other way, and how does it stand? Think of 80,000

 

   
140 Pitt the Younger: “A barbarous traffic in slaves’

SS een

 

ee At tne
eines:

petsons carried out of their native country by we know not what means!
for crimes imputed! for light or inconsiderable faults! for debt perhaps!
for the crime of witchcraft! or a thousand other weak and scandalous
pretexts! Reflect on these 80,000 persons thus annually taken off! There
is something in the horror of it that surpasses all the bounds of
imagination. Admitting that there exists in Africa something like to
courts of justice; yet what an office of humiliation and meanness is it in
us, to take upon ourselves to carry into execution the iniquitous sentences
of such courts, as if we also were strangers to all religion and to the first
principles of justice! But that country, it is said, has been in some degree
civilized, and civilized by us. It is said they have gained some knowledge
of the principles of justice. Yes, we give them enough of our intercourse
to cotivey to them the means and to initiate them in the study of mutual
destruction. We give them just enough of the forms of justice to enable
them to add the pretext of legal trials to their other modes of perpetrating
the most atrocious iniquity. We give them just enough of European
improvements to enable them the mote effectually to turn Africa into a
ravaged wilderness. Some evidences say that the Africans are addicted to

the practice of gambling; that they even sell their wives and children,

and ultimately themselves.

Are these, then, the legitimate sources of slavery? Shall we pretend

_ that we can thus acquire an honest right to exact the labour of these

_ people? Can we pretend that we have a right to carry away to distant

regions men of whom we know nothing by authentic inquiry, and of

- whom there is every reasonable presumption to think that those who sell

_ them to us have no right to do so? But the evil does not stop here. Do

you think nothing of the ruin and the miseries in which so many other

individuals, still remaining in Africa, are involved in consequence of

carrying off so many myriads of people? Do you think nothing of their

families left behind? of the connections broken? of the friendships,

attachments, and relationships that are burst asunder? Do you think

nothing of the miseries in consequence that are felt from generation to

generation? of the privation of that happiness which might be com-

- municated to them by the introduction of civilization, and of mental and

- moral improvement? — a happiness which you withhold from them so

long as you permit the slave trade to continue.

‘Thus, sir, has the perversion of British commerce carried misery

_ instead of happiness to one whole quarter of the globe. False to the very _

principles of trade, misguided in our policy, and unmindful of our duty,

what astonishing mischief have we brought upon that continent! If, —

ett S. =
rR ee
aie a

 

 
  
  
  
  

 

    
  

3 i “
i » :
Pitt the Younger: “A barbarous traffic in slaves 147

 

 

knowing the miseries we have caused, we refuse to put a stop to them,
how greatly aggravated will be the guilt of this country! Shall we then
delay rendering this justice to Africa? | am sure the immediate abolition
of the slave trade is the first, the principal, the most indispensable act of
policy, of duty, and of justice that the legislature of this country has to
take, if it is indeed their wish to secure those important objects to which
I have alluded, and which we are bound to pursue by the most solemn
obligations. There is, however, one argument set up as a universal
answer to everything that can be urged on our side. The slave-trade
system, it is supposed, has taken such deep root in Africa that it is
absurd to think of its being eradicated; and the abolition of that share of
trade carried on by Great Britain is likely to be of very little service.
You are not sure, it is said, that other nations will give up the trade if
you should renounce it. I answer, if this trade is as criminal as it is
asserted to be, God forbid that we should hesitate in relinquishing so
iniquitous a traffic; even though it should be retained by other countries!
I tremble at the thought of gentlemen indulging themselves in the |
argument which J am combating. ‘We are friends,’ say they, ‘to humanity. _
We are second to none of you in our zeal for the good of Africa — but
the French will not abolish — the Dutch will not abolish. We wait,
therefore, on prudential principles, till they join us or set us an example.’
How, sir, is this enormous evil ever to be eradicated, if every nation is
thus prudentially to wait till the concurrence of all the world shall have
been obtained? Let me remark, too, that there is no nation in Europe
that has, on the one hand, plunged so deeply into this guilt as Great
Britain; or that is so likely, on the other, to be looked up to as an
example. But does not this argument apply a thousand times more
strongly in a contrary way? How much more justly may other nations
point to us, and say, ‘Why should we abolish the slave trade when Great
Britain has not abolished it? Britain, free as she is, just and honourable
as she is, and deeply involved as she is in this commerce above all
nations, not only has not abolished, but has refused to abolish.’ This, sir,
is the argument with which we furnish the other nations of Europe if we _
again refuse to put an end to the slave trade. Instead, therefore, of _
imagining that by choosing to presume on their continuing it, we shall :
have exempted ourselves from guilt, and have transferred the whole
criminality to them; let us rather reflect that on the very principle urged
against us we shall henceforth have to answer for their crimes as well as | sg
our own. |

It has also been urged, that there is something in the ¢ disposition and .

 

 

   
142 Pitt the Younger: ‘A barbarous traffic in slaves’
Ss ig ee me, ee ee ee cine ale

nature of the Africans themselves which renders all prospect of civ
tion on that continent extremely unpromising. ‘It has been known,’ says
Mr Frazer, in his evidence, ‘that a boy has been put to death who a
refused to be purchased as a slave.’ This single story was deemed by that
gentleman a sufficient proof of the barbarity of the Africans, and of the
inutility of abolishing the slave trade. My honourable friend, however,
has told you that this boy had previously run away from his master three
times; that the master had to pay his value, according to the custom of
his country, every time he was brought back; and that, partly from anger
at the boy for running away so frequently, and partly to prevent a
repetition of the same expense, he determined to put him to death. This,
sit, is the signal instance that has been dwelt upon of African barbarity.
This African, we admit, was unenlightened and altogether barbarous:
but let us now ask what would a civilized and enlightened West Indian,

_ or a body of West Indians, have done in any case of a parallel nature? I
will quote you, sir, a law passed in the West Indies in 1722; by which
law this same crime of running away is, by the legislature of the island,

- punished with death, in the very first instance. I hope, therefore, we
shall hear no more of the moral impossibility of civilizing the Africans,
_ nor have out understandings again insulted by being called upon to
. sanction the trade until other nations shall have set the example of
_ abolishing it...
Having detained the House so long, all that I will further add shall
relate to that important subject, the civilization of Africa. Grieved am I
to think that there should be a single person in this country who can
look on the present uncivilized state of that continent as a ground for
continuing the slave trade — as a ground not only for refusing to attempt
the improvement of Africa, but even for intercepting every ray of light
which might otherwise break in upon her. Here, as in every other
branch of this extensive question, the argument of our adversaries
pleads against them, for surely, sir, the present deplorable state of
Africa, especially when we reflect that her chief calamities are to be
asctibed to us, calls for our generous aid rather than justifies any despair
on our part of her recovery, and still less any further repetition of our
- injuries. I will not much longer fatigue the attention of the House; but
this point has impressed itself so deeply on my mind that I must trouble

the committee with a few additional observations. Are we justified, 1
ask, on any one ground of theory, or by any one instance to be found 2

in the history of the world from its very beginning to this day, in fore: 3
ing the supposition which I am now combating? Are we justified In

iliza-

 

     
 

-
a
Pitt the Younger: ‘A barbarous traffic in slaves’ 143

 

supposing that the particular practice which we encourage in Africa, of
men selling each other for slaves, is any symptom of a barbarism that is
incurable? Are we justified in supposing that even the practice of
offering up human sacrifices proves a total incapacity for civilization? —

I believe it will be found that both the trade in slaves and the still
more savage custom of offering up human sacrifices obtained in former
periods throughout many of those nations which now, by the blessings
of Providence, and by a long progression of improvements, are advanced
the farthest in civilization. I believe that, if we reflect an instant, we shall
find that this observation comes directly home to ourselves; and that, on
the same ground on which we are now disposed to proscribe Africa
forever from all possibility of improvement, we might, in like manner,
have been proscribed and forever shut out from all the blessings which
we now enjoy. There was a time, sit, when even human sacrifices are
said to have been offered in this island. But I would peculiarly observe
on this day, for it is a case precisely in point, that the very practice of the —

_ Slave trade once prevailed among us. Slaves, as we may read in Henry’s
History of Great Britain, were formerly an established article of our
exports. “Great numbers,’ he says, ‘were exported like cattle, from the
British coast, and wete to be seen exposed for sale in the Roman
market.’ It does not distinctly appear by what means they were procured;
but there is unquestionably no small resemblance, in this particular —
point, between the case of our ancestors and that of the present wretched —
natives of Africa; for the historian tells you that ‘adultery, witchcraft, —
and debt were probably some of the chief sources of supplying the
Roman market with British slaves; that prisoners taken in war were _
added to the number; and that there might be among them some
unfortunate gamesters who, after having lost all their goods, at length
staked themselves, their wives, and their children.’

Every one of these sources of slavery has been stated to be at this
hour a source of slavery in Africa. And these circumstances, sir, with a .

_ solitary instance or two of human sacrifices, furnish the alleged proofs —
that Africa labours under a natural incapacity for civilization; that it is
enthusiasm and fanaticism to think that she can ever enjoy the knowledge
and the morals of Europe; that Providence never intended her to rise =
above a state of barbarism; that Providence has irrevocably doomed her _

to be only a nursery for slaves for us free and civilized Europeans. — :
Allow of this principle, as applied to Africa, and I should be glad to | :
know why it might not also have been applied to ancient and uncivilized

 

 

ane
3
ee
P-
‘a

Britain. Why might not some Roman senator, reasoning on the principles _

    
144 Pitt the Younger: “A barbarous traffic in slaves’
NEE igs et Be ee tg gS RE TO ce ae eR ne ete

of some honourable gentlemen, and pointing to British barbarians, have
predicted with equal boldness, “There is a people that will never rise to
civilization; there is a people destined never to be free; a people without
the understanding necessary for the attainment of useful arts; depressed
by the hand of nature below the level of the human species; and created
to form a supply of slaves for the rest of the world’? Might not this have
been said in all respects as fairly and as truly of Britain herself, at that
period of her history, as it can now be said by us of the inhabitants of
Africa? We, sir, have long since emerged from barbarism; we have
almost forgotten that we were once barbarians; we are now faised to a
situation which exhibits a striking contrast to every circumstance by
which a Roman might have characterized us, and by which we now
characterize Africa.

There is, indeed, one thing wanting to complete the contrast, and to
clear us altogether from the imputation of acting even to this hour as
barbarians; for we continue to this hour a barbarous traffic in slaves; we
continue it even yet, in spite of all our great and undeniable pretensions
to civilization. We were once as obscure among the nations of the earth,

as sae in our manners, as debased in our morals, as ee in our
- — of a sae series of years, by a progression slow, ‘nd for a time
almost imperceptible, we have become rich in a variety of acquirements,
favoured above measure in the gifts of Providence, unrivalled in com-
/mefce, pre-eminent in arts, foremost in the pursuits of philosophy and
_ science, and established in all the blessings of civil society: we are in the
- possession of peace, of happiness, and of liberty; we are under the
guidance of a mild and beneficent religion; and we are protected by
impartial laws, and the purest administration of justice; we are living
under a system of government which our own happy experience leads us
_ to pronounce the best and wisest which has ever yet been framed — a

   

> system which has become the admiration of the world.
‘ _ From all these blessings we must forever have been shut out, had
there been any truth in those principles which some gentlemen have not

 
 

Pitt the Younger: ‘A barbarous traffic in slaves’ 145

mnt ean

 

 

from barbarism; and we, who are enjoying the blessings of a British
civilization, of British laws, and British liberty, might, at this hour, have
been little superior, either in morals, in knowledge, or refinement, to the
rude inhabitants of the coast of Guinea.

If, then, we feel that this perpetual confinement in the fetters of brutal
ignorance would have been the greatest calamity which could have
befallen us; if we view with gratitude and exultation the contrast
between the peculiar blessings we enjoy and the wretchedness of the
ancient inhabitants of Britain; if we shudder to think of the misery
which would still have overwhelmed us had Great Britain continued
to be the mart for slaves to the more civilized nations of the world,
God forbid that we should any longer subject Africa to the same
dreadful scourge, and preclude the light of knowledge, which has
reached every other quarter of the globe, from having access to her
coasts! I trust we shall no longer continue this commerce, to the
destruction of every improvement on that wide continent; and shall
not consider ourselves as conferring too great a boon in restoring its
inhabitants to the rank of human beings. I trust we shall not think
ourselves too liberal if, by abolishing the slave trade, we give them the
same common chance of civilization with other parts of the world, and
that we shall now allow to Africa the opportunity — the hope — the
prospect of attaining to the same blessings which we ourselves, through
the favourable dispensations of Divine Providence, have been permit-
ted, at a much more early period, to enjoy.

If we listen to the voice of reason and duty, and pursue this night the
line of conduct which they prescribe, some of us may live to see a
reverse of that picture from which we now turn our eyes with shame
and regret. We may live to behold the natives of Africa engaged in the
calm occupations of industry, in the pursuits of a just and legitimate
commerce. We may behold the beams of science and philosophy breaking
in upon their land, which, at some happy period in still later times, may
blaze with full lustre; and, joining their influence to that of pure
religion, may illuminate and invigorate the most distant extremities of
that immense continent. Then may we hope that even Africa, though
last of all the quarters of the globe, shall enjoy at length, in the evening» ~
of her days, those blessings which have descended so plentifully upon us
in a much earlier period of the world. Then also will Europe, participat- :
ing in her improvement and prosperity, receive an ample recompense for ,
the tardy kindness (if kindness it can be called) of no longer hindering
that continent from extricating herself out of the darkness which, in

   
  

 

 
146 Pitt the Youn rer: “A barbarous traffic in slaves’
SS ee

other more fortunate regions, has been so much more speedily

dispelled —

Nos primus equis oriens afflavit anhelis:
[llic sera rubens accendit lumina Vesper.*

Then, sit, may be applied to Africa those words, originally used
indeed with a different view —

His demum exactis —

Devenere locos laetos, et amoena virecta
Fortunatorum nemorum, sedesque beatas:

Largior hic campos Aether, et lumine vestit
Purpureo.t

It is in this view, sir — it is as an atonement for our long and cruel
injustice towards Africa — that the measure proposed by my honourable
friend most forcibly recommends itself to my mind. The great and

_ happy change to be expected in the state of her inhabitants is, of all the
various and important benefits of the abolition, in my estimation,
_ incomparably the most extensive and important. I shall vote, sit, against
- the adjournment; and I shall also oppose to the utmost every proposition
_ which in any way may tend either to prevent or even to postpone for an
| hour the total abolition of the slave trade; a measure which, on all the

vatious grounds which I have stated, we are bound, by the most
pressing and indispensable duty, to adopt.

 

The slave trade was not abolished — but Pitt laid the foundations for its eventual
abolition after his death by his great rival, & ox, in 1806.

   
 

oe, ead tae dayspting gine us with his panting horses’ Sih there crimson
= aoe kindles his lamp at evenfall’ (Virgil, pares I, 251 ff., translated by JW. ats,

   
Fox: ‘The spirit of freedom’ 147
ee ee

CHARLES JAMES FOX
25 November 1795

‘The spirit of freedom’ 3

After several indignities to George Ill, the Treason and Sedition Bills were

introduced for better securing the King’s person and government — and suppressing
seditious meetings.

Fox spoke to postpone discussion of the bills and made a classic case for
freedom of speech.

Our government is valuable, because it is free. What, I beg gentlemen
to ask themselves, are the fundamental parts of a free government? I
know there is a difference of opinion upon this subject. My own opinion
is, that freedom does not depend upon the executive government, nor
upon the administration of justice, nor upon any one particular or
distinct part, nor even upon forms so much as it does on the general
freedom of speech and of writing. With regard to freedom of speech, the
bill before the House is a direct attack upon that freedom. No man
dreads the use of a universal proposition more than I do myself. I must
nevertheless say, that speech ought to be completely free, without any
restraint whatever, in any government pretending to be free. By being
completely free, I do not mean that a person should not be liable to
punishment for abusing that freedom, but I mean freedom in the first
instance. The press is so at present, and I rejoice it is so; what I mean is,
that any man may write and print what he pleases, although he is liable
to be punished, if he abuses that freedom; this I call perfect freedom in
the first instance. If this is necessary with regard to the press, it is still
mote so with regard to speech. An imprimatur has been talked of, and it
will be dreadful enough; but a dicatur will be still more horrible. No _
man has been daring enough to say, that the press should not be free:

*

Lao. before them does not, indeed, punish a man for speaking, =

 

 
148 Fox: ‘The spirit of freedom’
eee

A gteat deal! Aye, all that is worth preserving. For you will have lost
the spirit, the fire, the freedom, the boldness, the energy of the British
character, and with them its best virtue. I say, it is not the written law of
the constitution of England, it is not the law that is to be found in
books, that has constituted the true principle of freedom in any country,
at any time. No! it is the energy, the boldness of a man’s mind, which
prompts him to speak, not in private, but in large and popular assemblies,
that constitutes, that creates, in a state, the spirit of freedom. This is the
ptinciple which gives life to liberty; without, the human character is a
Stranger to freedom. If you suffer the liberty of speech to be wrested
from you, you will then have lost the freedom, the energy, the boldness
of the British character. It has been said, that the right honourable
gentleman rose to his present eminence by the influence of popular
favour, and that he is now kicking away the ladder by which he
mounted to power. Whether such was the mode by which the right
| honourable gentleman attained his present situation I am a little inclined
_ to question; but I can have no doubt that if this bill shall pass, England
herself will have thrown away that ladder, by which she has risen to
cule (but that is the last consideration), to honour, to happiness,
, and to fame. Along with energy of thinking and liberty of speech,
she will forfeit the comforts of her situation, and the dignity of her
F character, those blessings which they have secured to her at home, and
» the rank by which she has been distinguished among the nations.
These were the sources of her splendour, and the foundation of her
greatness —

  

. . Sic fortis Etruria crevit, —
Scilicet et rerum facta est pees Roma.*

We need only appeal to the example of that great city whose prosperity

the poet has thus recorded. In Rome, when the liberty of speech was
gone, along with it vanished all that had constituted her the mistress of
the world. I doubt not but in the days of Augustus there wete persons
who perceived no symptoms of decay, who exulted even in their fancied
_ prosperity, when they contemplated the increasing opulence and splendid
edifices of that grand metropolis, and who even deemed that they
pomcwanasee their ancient liberty, because they still retained those titles of

: & * ike Etruria grew strong, and Rome became the most glorious thing on earth’
| CWirgil, Georgics, I, 933-4).

  
Fox: ‘The spirit of freedom’ 149

Se pe a ee ee ee ee eee

offices which had existed under the republic. What fine panegyrics were
then pronounced on the prosperity of the empire! — Tum tutus bos prata
perambulat* This was flattery to Augustus: to that great destroyer of the
liberties of mankind, as much an enemy to freedom, as any of the
detestable tyrants who succeeded him. So with us, we are to be flattered
with an account of the form of our government, by King, Lords, and
Commons — Eadem magistratuum vocabulat. There were some then, as
there are now, who said that the energy of Rome was not gone; while
they felt their vanity gratified in viewing their city; which had been
converted from brick into marble. They did not reflect that they had lost
that spirit of manly independence which animated the Romans of better
times, and that the beauty and splendour of their city served only to
conceal the symptoms of rottenness and decay. So if this bill passes you —
may for a time retain your institution of juries and the forms of your
free Constitution, but the substance is gone, the foundation is under-
mined; — your fall is certain and your destruction inevitable. As a tree
that is injured at the root and the bark taken off, the branches may live
for a while, some sort of blossom may still remain; but it will soon —
wither, decay, and perish: so take away the freedom of speech or of —
writing, and the foundation of all your freedom is gone. You will then |
fall, and be degraded and despised by all the world for your weakness
and your folly, in not taking care of that which conducted you to all
your fame, your greatness, your opulence, and prosperity. But before
this happens, let the people once more be tried. I am a friend to taking
the sense of the people, and therefore a friend to this motion. I wish for
every delay that is possible in this important and alarming business. I
wish for this adjournment — Spatium requiemque furorit. Let us put a stop
to the madness of this bill; for if you pass it, you will take away the
foundation of the liberty of the people of England, and then farewell to.
any happiness in this country! | :

 

 

 
   

* Horace, Odes, IV, 17: ‘For safe the herds range field and fen’ (Sir Theodore Martin). _
TDomi res tranguilla, eadem magistratuum vocabula (Tacitus, Annals, 1, 3). ‘At home all was
quiet; the titles of the magistrates were unchanged,’ CS =.
t Tempus mane peto, requiem spatiumaue furori (Virgil, Aeneid, IV, 433).
s _ “My prayer is for a transient grace |
__ To give this madness breathing space’ (Conington).

 
 
MIRABEAU
3 February 1789

‘Woe to the privileged orders!’

When the French Revolution began, the power of oratory was highly prized. At
several critical moments, as Simon Schama says in Citizens, his history of the

revolution, the ability to sway audiences made the difference between life and death,
triumph and disaster. Public diction was public power.

The most powerful orator of the first two years of the revolution was Honoré
Gabriel Riquetti, Comte de Mirabeau (1749-91), a ‘lecherous noble’ who cast
himself as champion of the people, a role he seized in three speeches at the Estates
of Provence in 1789, in which he attacked the power of the nobles and argued for
increased representation for the Third Estate. It was this scathing peroration from
his third speech that made his fame and propelled him towards a decisive role in
Paris. ‘In him a new social order raises its head, angry and threatening,’ says

Louis Barthou, a former French prime minister. ‘The whole spirit of the
Revolution already appears in his language and his attitude.’

In all countries, in all ages, have aristocrats implacably pursued the
friends of the people; and when, by I know not what combination of
fortune, such a friend has uprisen from the very bosom of the aristocracy,
it has been at him pre-eminently that they have struck, eager to inspire
wider terror by the elevation of their victim. So perished the last of the
Gracchi by the hands of the patricians. But, mortally smitten, he flung
dust towards heaven, calling the avenging gods to witness: and from
that dust sprang Marius — Marius, less illustrious for having exterminated
_ the Cimbri than for having beaten down the despotism of the nobility in
Rome. |
But you, Commons, listen to one who, unseduced by your applauses, _
yet cherishes them in his heart. Man is strong only by union; happy only _
_ by peace. Be firm, not obstinate; courageous, not turbulent; free, not
undisciplined; prompt, not precipitate. Stop not, except at difficulties of
moment; and be then wholly inflexible. But disdain the contentions of |
selflove, and never thrust into the balance the individual against the _
country. Above all, hasten, as much as in you lies, the epoch of those
States-General from which you are chatged with flinching — the more _

ae
na

_ actimoniously charged, the more your accusers dread the results; of

4
F
=

 
  
 

Phe x Ral ce
' pa omelet a i it lc ieee nin Sa edi

 
154 Mirabeau: ‘Hideous bankruptcy is here...’
Se ee Se ee ee ee a ra ea

those States-General through which so many pretensions will be Scat-
tered, so many fights re-established, so many evils reformed, of those
States-General, in short, through which the monarch himself desires that
France should regenerate herself.

For myself, who, in my public career, have had no other fear but that
of wrongdoing — who, girt with my conscience and armed with my
principles, would brave the universe — whether it shall be my fortune to
serve you with my voice and my exertions in the national assembly, or
whether I shall be enabled to aid you there with my prayers only, be
sure that the vain clamouts, the wrathful menaces, the injurious protesta-
tions — all the convulsions, in a word, of expiring prejudices — shall not
intimidate me! What! shall he now pause in his civic course who, first
among all the men of France, emphatically proclaimed his opinions on
national affairs, at a time when circumstances were much less urgent
than now and the task one of much greater peril?

Never! No measure of outrages shall bear down my patience. I have
been, I am, I shall be, even to the tomb, the man of the public liberty,

_the man of the Constitution. If to be such be to become the man of the

people rather than of the nobles, then woe to the privileged orders! For
___ privileges shall have an end, but the people is eternal!

MIRABEAU
26 September 1789

   

‘Hideous bankruptcy is here... And yet you deliberate!’

' One of the major causes of the French Revolution was the huge public debt, partly
— caused by France's role in the American War of I ndependence, which threatened
the nation with bankruptcy. Jacques Necker, the director-general of finance, had
won a loan of 80 million francs from the Assembly in August but when the
situation remained desperate returned with a proposal to levy an exceptional
patriotic tax of one quarter of annual income. His proposal provoked uproar but
_ Mirabeau spoke in Necker’s support and was asked to draft a proposal.
Meanwhile the Assembly vacillated and the debate went on until late in the
evening. | oe se |
_ Then Mirabeau — angry, indignant, disgusted by the timidity and pettiness of —
_ the debate and now master of his oratorical power — rose to speak for the third
time. Necker’s solution was obviously not ideal. ‘But heaven preserve me in such a oe

  
Mirabeau: ‘Hideous bankruptcy is here... ee:
ee, ee

critical situation from opposing my views to his!’ Then the tone of his speech
changed. He spoke intimately, as though man to man, as though announcing the
revelation of a secret, the explanation of a mystery. At the end, he won a standing
vation, a unanimous vote, and clinched his control of the Assembly.

Two centuries of depredations and brigandage have made the chasm in
which the kingdom is ready to engulf itself. We must close this fearful
abyss. Well, here is a list of French proprietors! Choose among the
richest, thus sacrificing the least number of citizens! But choose! For
must not a small number perish to save the mass of the people? Well,
these two thousand notables possess enough to make up the deficit. This ©
will restore order in the finances and bring peace and prosperity to the
kingdom! | _ eee ee
Strike, immolate without pity these wretched victims, cast them into
the abyss until it is closed. You recoil in horror, inconsistent and
pusillanimous men! Do you not see that in decreeing bankruptcy, or _
what is still more odious, in rendering it inevitable, without decreeing it, _
you do a deed a thousand times more criminal, and — folly inconceivable _,
— gratuitously criminal? For at least this horrible sacrifice would cause
the disappearance of the deficit. But do you imagine that in refusing to _
pay, you will cease to owe? Do you believe that the thousands, the —
millions of men who will lose in an instant, by the terrible explosion or |
its repercussion, all that made the consolation of their lives, and consti- —
tuted, perhaps, the sole means of their support, would leave you ©
peaceably to enjoy your crime? Stoical contemplators of the incalculable
evils which this catastrophe would disgorge upon France! Impassive _
egoists who think that these convulsions of despair and misery shall pass
like so many others, and the more rapidly as they are the more violent!
Are you sure that so many men without bread will leave you tranquilly
to the enjoyment of those dainties, the number and delicacy of which
you are unwilling to diminish. No! you will perish, and in the universal _
conflagration you do not hesitate to kindle, the loss of your honour will _
not save a single one of your detestable enjoyments! iz
Look where we are going! ... I hear you speak of patriotism, and the _
élan of patriotism, of invocations to patriotism. Ah! do not prostitute the
words ‘country’ and ‘patriotism’! Is it so very magnanimous — the effort __
to give a portion of one’s fevenue to save all of one’s possessions? This, _
gentlemen, is only simple arithmetic; and he who hesitates cannot disarm
indignation except by the contempt he inspires through his stupidi ty 2

ee gentlemen, this is the plainest prudence, the commonest wisdom! It.

 

4

 
  
  
156 Price: ‘Tremble all ye oppressors of the world!’
Se rg gg ee ann eh ee

is your gross material interests I invoke! I shall not say to you as
formerly: will you be the first to exhibit to the nations the spectacle of a
people assembled to make default in their public obligations? I shall not
say again: what titles have you to liberty? What means remain to you to
preserve it, if in your first act you surpass the turpitude of the most
corrupt governments; if the first care of your vigilant cooperation is not
for the guarantee of your constitution? I tell you, you will all be dragged
into a universal ruin, and you yourselves have the greatest interests in
making the sacrifices the government asks of you. Vote, then, for this
extraordinary subsidy; and it may be sufficient! Vote for it, for if you
have any doubts on the means adopted (vague and unenlightened
doubts), you have none as to its necessity or our inability to provide an
immediate substitute. Vote, then, because public necessity admits no
_ delay and we shall be held accountable for any delay that occurs. Beware
of asking for time! Misfortune never grants it!
Gentlemen, apropos of a ridiculous disturbance at the Palais Royal, of
a laughable insurrection, which never had any importance save in the

weak imaginations or perverted designs of a few faith-breakers, you
have heard these mad words: ‘Catiline is at the gates of Rome! And yet
you deliberate!’ 7
And certainly there has been about us no Catiline, no peril, no faction,
no Rome. But today bankruptcy — hideous bankruptcy is here — it
___ threatens to consume you, your properties, your honour! And yet you
_ deliberate! —

e a | RICHARD PRICE
. | ~~ 4 November 1789

   

‘Tremble all ye oppressors of the world!’

, The fall of the Bastille was hailed by Charles James Fox as the greatest event in
human history. For most of the British, however, the French Revolution was a

remote event: it was the dissenters, the reformers, the poets — among them
Wordsworth, who wrote ‘Bliss was it in that dawn to be alive’ — who rejoiced.

As the centenary of Britain’s 1688 Glorious Revolution approached, 1788 was
celebrated as a festival of liberty. The dissenting parson Dr Richard Price (1723-
91), whose pamphlet on civil liberty had inspired the Americans in declaring

independence, preached to the London Revolution Society that the people must

  
Price: ‘Tremble all ye oppressors of the world!’ 157
a el nee

4

frame a government for themselves. A year later, the November 1789 meeting of
the society became historic when Price preached his Unitarian sermon on “the love
of our country’ and proposed an address, unanimously adopted, that offered
congratulations to the French National Assembly.

It was this sermon, soon published as a pamphlet, which provoked Edmund
Burke into action against the Revolution. His Reflections on the Revolution
in France was published in November 1790 and written to answer Price.

We are met to thank God for that event in this country to which the
name of the Revolution has been given; and which, for more than a
century, it has been usual for the friends of freedom, and more especially
Protestant Dissenters, under the title of the Revolution Society, to
celebrate with expressions of joy and exultation. My highly valued and
excellent friend who addressed you on this occasion last year has given
you an interesting account of the principal circumstances that attended
this event, and of the reasons we have for rejoicing in it. By a bloodless
victory, the fetters which despotism had been long preparing for us
were broken; the rights of the people were asserted, a tyrant expelled,
and a sovereign of our own choice appointed in his room. Security was
given to our property, and our consciences were emancipated. The
bounds of free inquiry were enlarged; the volume in which are the
words of eternal life was laid more open to our examination; and that
era of light and liberty was introduced among us by which we have
been made an example to other kingdoms and became the instructors of
the world. Had it not been for this deliverance, the probability is that,
instead of being thus distinguished, we should now have been a base
people, groaning under the infamy and misery of popery and slavery.
Let us, therefore, offer thanksgivings to God, the author of all our
blessings...

We have particular reason, as Protestant Dissenters, to rejoice on this
occasion. It was at this time we were rescued from persecution, and
obtained the liberty of worshipping God in the manner we think most
acceptable to Him. It was then our meetinghouses were opened, our
worship was taken under the protection of the law, and the principles of
toleration gained a triumph. We have, therefore, on this occasion, —
peculiar reasons for thanksgiving. But let us remember that we ought —
hot to satisfy ourselves with thanksgivings. Our gratitude, if genuine,
will be accompanied with endeavours to give stability to the deliverance —
Our country has obtained, and to extend and improve the happiness with 4
which the Revolution has blessed us. Let us, in particular, take care not _

 

   
158 Price: ‘Iremble all ye oppressors of the world!’
eee

to forget the principles of the Revolution. This Society has, very

properly, in its Reports, held out these principles, as an instruction to
the public. I will only take notice of the three following:

First: the right to liberty of conscience in religious matters.

Secondly: the right to resist power when abused. And,

Thirdly: the right to choose our own governors; to cashier them for
misconduct; and to frame a government for ourselves.

On these three principles, and more especially the last, was the
Revolution founded. Were it not true that liberty of conscience is a
sacred right; that power abused justifies resistance; and that civil auth-
ority is a delegation from the people — were not, I say, all this true, the
Revolution would have been not an assertion, but an invasion of rights;
not a revolution, but a rebellion. Cherish in your breasts this conviction,
and act under its influence; detecting the odious doctrines which, had

_they been acted upon in this country, would have left us at this time
wretched slaves — doctrines which imply that God made mankind to be

oppressed and plundered; and which are no less a blasphemy against
a than an insult on common sense .

| You may reasonably expect that I should now close this address to

bos you. But I cannot yet dismiss you. I must not conclude without

recalling, particularly, to your recollection a consideration to which I

_ have more than once alluded, and which, probably, your thoughts have

- been all along anticipating; a consideration with which my mind is

F _ impressed more than I can express. I mean, the consideration of the

| favourableness of the present times to all exertions in the cause of public —

_ liberty.

What an eventful period is this! I am thankful — I have lived to it;

: _ and I could almost say, Lord, now lettest thou thy servant depart in peace, for
mine eyes have seen thy salvation. 1 have lived to see a diffusion of
hnireledie which has undermined superstition and error — I have lived
to see the rights of men better understood than ever; and nations
- panting for liberty which seemed to have lost the idea of it. I have lived
to see thirty millions of people, indignant and resolute, spurning at
_ sven, and demanding liberty with an irresistible voice; their king led
_ in triumph, and an arbitrary monarch surrendering himself to his sub-

_ jects. After sharing in the benefits of one revolution, I have been spared
to be a witness to two other revolutions, both glorious. And now,

‘methinks, I see the ardour for liberty catching and spreading; a ee :

amendment beginning in human affairs; the dominion of priests giving

to the dominion of reason and conscience. a ae

   
  

  
     
Vergniaud: ‘Your blood shall redden the earth’ 159

ee ee

 

 

Be encouraged, all ye friends of freedom and writers in its defence!
The times ate auspicious. Your labours have not been in vain. Behold
kingdoms, admonished by you, starting from sleep, breaking their
fetters, and claiming justice from their oppressors! Behold, the light you
have struck out, after setting America free, reflected to France, and there
kindled into a blaze that lays despotism in ashes and warms and
illuminates Europe!

Tremble all ye oppressors of the world! Take warning all ye supporters
of slavish governments and slavish hierarchies! Call no more (absurdly
and wickedly) reformation innovation. You cannot now hold the world in
darkness. Struggle no longer against increasing light and liberality.
Restore to mankind their rights; and consent to the correction of abuses,
before they and you are destroyed together.

PIERRE VERGNIAUD
3 July 1792

‘Your blood shall redden the earth’

Until the Revolution, Pierre V ergniaud (1753-93) was a lawyer in Bordeaux. In
1791 he entered the National Assembly, where his eloquence soon made him leader
of the Girondins and President of the Assembly. He challenges Mirabeau (who
was executed in 1793) as the greatest orator of the revolution.

In July 1792, Vergniand rose in the Assembly to warn of the imminent danger
of invasion by Prussian forces and to declare that national security demanded the
dethronement of the King. —

The assembly was packed to capacity. Every deputy was in the room, many
booted and spurred, many spitting on the floor. A dead silence fell on the hall as
Vergniaud started to deliver one of the greatest speeches of his life — a speech
which shook the throne to its foundations.

 

The King has refused his sanction to your resolution upon the religious
_ troubles. I do not know whether the sombre spirit of the Médicis and
the Cardinal de Lorraine still wanders beneath the arches of the palace of

the Tuileries; if the sanguinary hypocrisy of the Jesuits La Chaise and Le

 
160 Vergniaud: ‘Your blood shall redden the earth’
a ee

his conscience disordered by the religious terrors with which he is
environed.

But it is not possible to believe, without wronging him and accusing
him of being the most dangerous enemy of the Revolution, that he
wishes to encourage, by impunity, the criminal attempts of pontifical
ambition, and to give to the proud agents of the tiara the disastrous
power with which they have equally oppressed peoples and kings. It is
not possible to believe, without wronging him and accusing him of
being the enemy of the people, that he approves or even looks with
indifference on the underhanded schemes employed to divide the citizens,
to cast the leaven of hatred into the bosoms of sensitive souls, and to
stifle in the name of the Divinity the sweetest sentiments of which He
has composed the felicity of mankind. It is impossible to believe,

_ without wronging him and accusing him of being the enemy of the law,
that he withholds his consent to the adoption of repressive measures
against fanaticism, in order to drive citizens to excesses that despair

_ inspires and the laws condemn; that he prefers to expose unsworn
priests, even when they do not disturb the peace, to arbitrary vengeance
. tather than to subject them to a law that, affecting only agitators, would
cover the innocent with an inviolable aegis. Finally, it is not possible to
believe, without wronging him and accusing him of being the enemy of
_ the Empire, that he wishes to perpetuate sedition and to eternalize the
disorders and all the revolutionary movements that are urging the
_ Empire toward civil war, and which, through civil war, would plunge it
into dissolution... |
It is in the name of the King that the French princes have tried to
enlist all the courts of Europe against the nation; it is to avenge the
dignity of the King that the treaty of Pillnetz was concluded and the
monstrous alliance between the courts of Vienna and Berlin formed; it is
to defend the King that we have seen the old companies of lifeguards,
under the colours of rebellion, hastening to Germany; it is in order to
come to the King’s aid that the emigrants are soliciting and obtaining
places in the Austrian army and are prepared themselves to rend their
country; it is to join those valiant knights of the royal prerogative that
other worthies full of honour and delicacy abandon their post in the face
of the enemy, violate their oaths, steal the military chests, strive to

- corrupt their soldiers, and thus plunge their glory in dastardliness,
perjury, subordination, theft, and assassination; it is against the nation,

‘or the National Assembly alone, and in order to maintain the splendour

of the throne, that the King of Bohemia and Hungary makes war upon

   

 

   
 

Vergniaud: ‘Your blood shall redden the earth’ 161

ee

us, and the King of Prussia marches upon our frontiers; it is in the name
of the King that liberty is attacked, and if they succeeded in its
overthrow it would be in his name that they indemnify the allied powers
for their expenses; because we understand the generosity of kings; we
know with what disinterestedness they dispatch their armies to desolate
a foreign land, and up to what point they would exhaust their treasuries
to maintain a war that could not be profitable to them. Finally, of all
the evils they are striving to heap upon our heads, and of all those
we have to fear, the name alone of the King is the pretext or the
cause...

Will you wait until weary of the hardships of the Revolution or
corrupted by the habit of grovelling around a castle and the insidious
preachings of moderantism [the principles of the moderate party in polt-
tics) — until weak men become accustomed to speak of liberty without
enthusiasm and slavery without horror? How does it happen that the
constituted authorities block one another in their course; that armed

forces forget that they exist to obey; that soldiers or generals undertake

to influence the legislative body, and distempered citizens to direct, by
the machinery of violence, the action of the chief of the executive
authority? Do they wish to establish a military government? That is
perhaps the most imminent, the most terrible of our dangers. Murmurs
are atising against the court: who shall dare to say they are unjust? It is
suspected of treacherous plans; what facts can be cited to dispel these
suspicions? :

They speak of popular movements, of martial law; they try to familiar-
ize the imagination with the blood of the people; the palace of the King
of the French is suddenly changed to a redoubt; yet where are his
enemies? Against whom are these cannons and these bayonets pointed? _
The defenders of the Constitution have been repulsed by the ministry;
the reins of the empire have been hanging loose at the moment when it _
needed as much vigour as patriotism to hold them. Everywhere discord _
is fomenting, fanaticism triumphing. Instead of taking a firm and _
patriotic attitude to save it from the storm, the government lets itself be
driven before the tempest; its instability inspires foreign powers with
scorn; the boldness of those who vomit armies and swords against us

chills the good will of the peoples who wish in secret for the triumph of
liberty ee : 3 | j

 

 
     
 
 
 

This means is worthy of the august mission that you fill, of th
generous people whom you represent; it might even gain some celebri
for the name of that people and make you worthy to live in the memo
162 Danton: ‘To dare, to dare again, ever to dare!’
ag ee

of men: it will be to imitate the brave Spartans who sacrificed themselves
at Thermopylae; those venerable men who, leaving the Roman Senate,
went to await, at the thresholds of their homes, the death that marched
in the van of the savage conqueror. No, you will not need to offer up
prayers that avengers may spring from your ashes. Ah! The day your
blood shall redden the earth, tyranny, its pride, its protectors, its palaces,
its satellites, will vanish away forever before the national omnipotence.
And if the sorrow of not having made your country happy embitters
your last moments you will at least take with you the consolation that
your death will hasten the ruin of the people’s oppressors and that your
devotion will have saved liberty . . .

The King was executed in January 1793.

GEORGES JACQUES DANTON
2 September 1792

  
  

‘To dare, to dare again, ever to dare!’

r C eorges Jacques Danton (1759-94) was one of the few revolutionaries who almost
"never wrote his Speeches, which is why he is remembered only by fragments such as
this stirring and famous address. Danton had set himself up as an orator and
agitator at the left-wing Cordeliers Club. By 1791 he had obtained a post under
the Commune of Paris where he built his reputation as a tribune of the people, the
‘Mirabeau of the mob’. He became Minister of Justice in August when the
Commune forced the Assembly to suspend the King until he could be brought to
trial. |

_ Meanwhile the Prussians were advancing into France — the news that Verdun
had fallen arrived in Parts on the day Danton made this speech. It was against
this background that Danton called France to arms and made the speech of his
life. As he spoke the September massacres were starting in the city outside.

‘See Danton enter,’ says Thomas Carlyle in his history of the French Revolution,
‘the black. brows clouded, the colossus figure tramping heavy; grim energy looking
from all the features of the rugged man... So speaks the stentor-voice!’

Tf ever there was an attempt to influence by rhetoric a popular emotion which
could not be checked, and to direct energy from a destructive to a Sruitful object, it
48 to be found in this famous speech,’ Hilaire Belloc wrote in his life of Danton.

z The closing words are engraved on his statue. a Sitaoee

  
Robespierre: ‘Louis must perish because our country must live!’ 163
a TESS aS RESET STI Se

It seems a satisfaction for the ministers of a free people to announce to
them that their country will be saved. All are stirred, all are enthused, all
burn to enter the combat.

You know that Verdun is not yet in the power of our enemies, and
that its gartison swears to immolate the first who breathes a proposition
of surrender.

One portion of our people will guard our frontiers, another will dig
and arm the entrenchments, the third with pikes will defend the interior
of our cities. Paris will second these great efforts. The commissioners of
the Commune will solemnly proclaim to the citizens the invitation to
arm and march to the defence of the country. At such a moment you can
proclaim that the capital deserves the esteem of all France. At such a
moment this National Assembly becomes a veritable committee of war.
We ask that you concur with us in directing this sublime movement of
the people, by naming commissioners to second and assist all these great
measures. We ask that any one refusing to give personal service or to
furnish arms shall meet the punishment of death. We ask that proper
instructions be given to the citizens to direct their movements. We ask
that carriers be sent to all the departments to notify them of the decrees
that you proclaim here. The tocsin we shall sound is not the alarm signal
of danger, it orders the charge on the enemies of France. (Applause) To
conquer we have need to dare, to dare again, ever to dare! And the —
safety of France is insured. .

MAXIMILIEN ROBESPIERRE
3 December 1792

‘Louis must perish because our country must live!’

Maximilien Frangois Marie Isidore de Robespierre (1758-94), a lawyer from
Arras, was the first modern dictator, a political Calvinist known as the
Incorruptible, to whom men were nothing and principles everything. His political
career began in 1789, when he was elected to the Estates-General, where he
distinguished himself as a champion of the Rights of Man and became a leader e
the left in the Constituent A ssembly and the Jacobin Club.

Robespierre had once been the eloquent defender of the abolition of capital

punishment and trial by jury. His transition from political reformer to revolution-
ary is demonstrated in this speech demanding the King’s execution without ae I, ia:

   
164 Robespietre: ‘Louis must perish because our country must live!’

nee,

 

is a speech which shows Robespierre settling his conscience and examining the

actions required of a terrorist, the oratory of a man who senses his destiny and sees
himself as pecultarly fitted for his task.

What is the conduct prescribed by sound policy to cement the republic?
It is to engrave deeply into all hearts a contempt for royalty, and to
strike terror into the partisans of the King. To place his crime before
the world as a problem, his cause as the object of the most imposing
discussion that ever existed, to place an immeasurable space between
the memory of what he was and the title of a citizen, is the very way
to make him most dangerous to liberty. Louis XVI was king, and the
republic is established. The question is solved by this single fact. Louis
is dethroned by his crimes, he conspired against the republic; either
he is condemned or the republic is not acquitted. To propose the trial
of Louis XVI is to question the Revolution. If he may be tried, he
may be acquitted; if he may be acquitted, he may be innocent. But,

_ if he be innocent, what becomes of the Revolution? If he be innocent,
what are we but his calumniators? The coalition is just; his imprison-

. _ ment is a crime; all the patriots are guilty; and the great cause which
, for so many centuries has been debated between crime and virtue, be-
_ tween liberty and tyranny, is finally decided in favour of crime and
despotism!

Citizens, beware! you are misled by false notions. The majestic move-
ments of a great people, the sublime impulses of virtue present them-
selves as the eruption of a volcano, and as the overthrow of political

_ society. When a nation is forced to recur to the right of insurrection, it
retutns to its original state. How can the tyrant appeal to the social

_ compact? He has destroyed it! What laws replace it? Those of nature: the

 people’s safety. The right to punish the tyrant or to dethrone him is the
same thing. Insurrection is the trial of the tyrant — his sentence is his fall
___ from power; his punishment is exacted by the liberty of the people. The
people dart their thunderbolts, that is, their sentence; they do not
condemn kings, they suppress them — thrust them back again into
- _ nothingness. In what republic was the tight of punishing a tyrant ever
_ deemed a question? Was Tarquin tried? What would have been said in
_ Rome if any one had undertaken his defence? Yet we demand advocates
__ for Louis! They hope to gain the cause; otherwise we ate only acting an

_ absurd farce in the face of Europe. And we dare to talk of a republic! _

oe Ah! we are so pitiful for oppressors because we are pitiless towards the -
~*~ Oppressed! aes <i

 

   
  
Erskine: ‘The rights of man’ TBS
So ea

Two months since, and who would have imagined there could be a
question here of the inviolability of kings? Yet today a member of the
National Convention, Citizen Pétion, brings the question before you as
though it were one for serious deliberation! O crime! O shame! The
tribune of the French people has echoed the panegyric of Louis XVI.
Louis combats us from the depths of his prison, and you ask if he be
guilty, and if he may be treated as an enemy. Will you allow the
Constitution to be invoked in his favour? If so, the Constitution con-
demns you; it forbids you to overturn it. Go, then, to the feet of the
tyrant and implore his pardon and clemency.

But there is another difficulty — to what punishment shall we con-
demn him? The punishment of death is too cruel, says one. No, says
another, life is more cruel still, and we must condemn him to live.
Advocates, is it from pity or from cruelty you wish to annul the
punishment of crimes? For myself I abhor the penalty of death; I
neither love nor hate Louis; I hate nothing but his crimes. I demanded
the abolition of capital punishment in the Constituent Assembly, and
It is not my fault if the first principles of reason have appeared moral
and judicial heresies. But you who never thought this mercy should
be exercised in favour of those whose offences are pardonable, by
what fatality are you reminded of your humanity to plead the cause of
the greatest of criminals? You ask an exception from the punishment
of death for him who alone could render it legitimate! A dethroned
king in the very heart of a republic not yet cemented! A king whose
very name draws foreign wars on the nation! Neither prison nor exile
can make his an innocent existence. It is with regret I] pronounce the

fatal truth! Louis must perish rather than a hundred thousand virtuous
citizens! Louis must perish because our country must live!

 

THOMAS ERSKINE
18 December 1792

‘The rights of man

After meeting Benjamin Franklin in London in 1774, Thomas Paine (1737-
1809) emigrated to America, where he became a radical Journalist and fought —
against Britain in the revolutionary war. After a mission to F rance, he returned —
to England and published The Rights of Man, a reply to Edmund Burke’s

MS eee

   
166 Erskine: ‘The rights of man’
a LL ET nents SE ag ag eg es

 

 

Reflections on the Revolution in France. I¢ supported the French Re
and appealed for the overthrow of the British monarchy.

He was indicted for treason but had escaped to Paris when a ‘spe
Court of the King’s Bench was called to try him.

Erskine, who sympathized with the French Revolution and was now the most

celebrated lawyer in England, defended Paine. His courage cost him the attorney.
generalship.

volution

cial’ jury of the

I say, in the name of Thomas Paine, and in his words as author of The

Rights of Man as written in the very volume that is charged with seeking
the destruction of property:

The end of all political associations is the preservation of the rights
of man, which rights are liberty, property, and security; that the
nation is the source of all sovereignty derived from it; the right of
property being secured and inviolable, no one ought to be deprived

of it, except in cases of evident public necessity, legally ascertained,
and on condition of a previous just indemnity.

These are undoubtedly the rights of man — the rights for which all
= ; governments are established — and the only rights Mr Paine contends
_ for; but which he thinks (no matter whether right or wrong) are better
_ to be secured by a republican Constitution than by the forms of the
_ English government. He instructs me to admit that, when government
is once constituted, no individuals, without rebellion, can withdraw
_ their obedience from it — that all attempts to excite them to it are highly
_ctiminal, for the most obvious reasons of policy and justice — that
nothing short of the will of a whole people can change or affect the rule
by which a nation is to be governed — and that no private Opinion,
however honestly inimical to the forms or substance of the law, can
justify resistance to its authority, while it remains in force. The author of 3
The Rights of Man not only admits the truth of all this doctrine, but he
consents to be convicted, and I also consent for him, unless his work
shall be found studiously and painfully to inculcate these great principles
_ of government which it is charged to have been written to destroy.
Let me not, therefore, be suspected to be contending that it is lawful
_ to write a book pointing out defects in the English government, and
exciting individuals to destroy its sanctions and to refuse obedience. But,
_ on the other hand, I do contend that it is lawful to address the English
_ fation on these momentous subjects; for had it not been for this
__ inalienable right (thanks be to God and our fathers for establishing it!),

 

 

  
Erskine: ‘The rights of man’ 167
ee es Pe ne ee

how should we have had this Constitution which we so loudly boast of ?
If, in the march of the human mind, no man could have gone before the
establishments of the time he lived in, how could our establishment, by
reiterated changes, have become what it is? If no man could have
awakened the public mind to errors and abuses in our government, how
could it have passed on from stage to stage, through reformation and
revolution, so as to have attived from barbarism to such a pitch of
happiness and perfection that the Attorney-General considers it as
profanation to touch it further or to look for any future amendment?

In this manner power has reasoned in every age — government, in its
own estimation, has been at all times a system of perfection; but a free
press has examined and detected its errors, and the people have, from
time to time, reformed them. This freedom has alone made our govern-
ment what it is; this freedom alone can preserve it; and therefore, under
the banners of that freedom, today I stand up to defend Thomas Paine.
But how, alas! shall this task be accomplished? How may I expect from
you what human nature has not made man for the petformance of? How _
am I to address your reasons, or ask them to pause, amidst the torrent of
prejudice which has hurried away the public mind on the subject you are
to judge? ... ee 3

Was any Englishman ever so brought as a criminal before an English
court of justice? If I were to ask you, gentlemen of the jury, what is the
choicest fruit that grows upon the tree of English liberty, you would
answer: security under the law. If I were to ask the whole people of
England the return they looked for at the hands of government, for the
burdens under which they bend to support it, I should still be answered:
security under the law; or, in other words, an impartial administration of
justice. So sacred, therefore, has the freedom of trial been ever held in
England — so anxiously does Justice guard against every possible bias in
her path — that if the public mind has been locally agitated upon any subject
in judgement, the forum has either been changed or the trial postponed.
The circulation of any paper that brings, or can be supposed to bring,
prejudice, or even well-founded knowledge, within the reach of a British —
tribunal, on the spur of an occasion, is not only highly criminal, but defeats
itself, by leading to put off the trial which its object was to pervert . . .

Milton wisely says that a disposition in a nation to this species of
controversy is no proof of sedition or degeneracy, but quite the reverse
(dl Omitted to cite the passage with the others). In speaking of this
subject, he rises into that inexpressibly sublime style of writing wholly
peculiar to himself. He was, indeed, no plagiary from anything human; he

 

 
168 Erskine: ‘The rights of man’
a a ee ee ee ee ee

looked up for light and expression, as he himself wonderfully describes it.
by devout prayer to that great Being who is the source of al] utterance and
knowledge, and who sendeth out His seraphim with the hallowed fire of

His altar to touch and purify the lips of whom He pleases. ‘When the
cheerfulness of the people,’ says this mighty poet, ‘is so sprightly up, as
that it hath not only wherewith to guard well its own freedom and safety,
but to spare, and to bestow upon the solidest and sublimest points of
controversy and new invention, it betokens us not degenerated nor
drooping to a fatal decay, but casting off the old and wrinkled skin of
corruption, to outlive these pangs and wax young again, entering the
glorious ways of truth and prosperous virtue, destined to become great
and honourable in these latter ages. Methinks I see in my mind a noble and
puissant nation rousing herself, like a strong man after sleep, and shaking
her invincible locks; methinks I see her as an eagle mewing her mighty
youth, and kindling her undazzled eyes at the full midday beam; purging
_ and unsealing her long-abused sight at the fountain itself of heavenly
_ radiance; while the whole noise of timorous and flocking birds, with those
_ also that love the twilight, flutter about, amazed at what she means, and in
_ their envious gabble would prognosticate a year of sects and schisms.’
E _ Gentlemen, what Milton only saw in his mighty imagination, I see in
fact; what he expected, but which never came to pass, I see now
fulfilling; methinks I see this noble and puissant nation, not degenerated
and drooping to a fatal decay, but casting off the wrinkled skin of
corruption to put on again the vigour of her youth. And it is because
_ others as well as myself see this that we have all this uproar. France and ~
its Constitution are the mere pretences. It is because Britons begin to
tecollect the inheritance of their own Constitution left them by their
ancestors; it is because they are awakened to the corruptions which have
fallen upon its most valuable parts, that forsooth the nation is in danger
of being destroyed by a single pamphlet . . 7
_ Gentlemen, I have but a few more — to trouble you with: I take my
cox of. yes with pee that all this freedom which I have been

   

 

   

to our own inbred Constitution; I have not asked you to acquit Thomas
Paine upon any new lights, or upon any principle but that of the law,
which you are sworn to administer — my great object has been to inculcate
that wisdom and policy which are the parents of the government of Great
Bri orbid this jealous eye over her subjects; and that, on the contrary,
loud in the language of the poet, adverted to by Lord Chatham —
AG abt = cia of = —_—— without effect. Te

 
    
    
Danton: ‘The people have nothing but blood’ 169
6 ee a ee

Be to their faults a little blind,

Be to theit virtues very kind;

Let all their thoughts be unconfin’d,
Nor clap your padlock on the mind.

Engage the people by their affections, convince their reason — and they
will be loyal from the only principle that can make loyalty sincere, vigorous,
or rational — a conviction that it is their truest interest, and that their
government is for their good. Constraint is the natural parent of resistance,
and a pregnant proof that reason is not on the side of those who use it. You
must all remember Lucian’s pleasant story: Jupiter and a countryman were
walking together, conversing with great freedom and familiarity upon the
subject of heaven and earth. The countryman listened with attention and
acquiescence, while Jupiter strove only to convince him — but happening to
hint a doubt, Jupiter turned hastily around and threatened him with his —
thunder. “Ah! ah!’ says the countryman, ‘now, Jupiter, I know that you are
wrong; you are always wrong when you appeal to your thunder.’

This is the case with me — I can reason with the people of England,
but I cannot fight against the thunder of authority.

Gentlemen, this is my defence of free opinions. With regard to myself,
I am, and always have been, obedient and affectionate to the law — to
that rule of action, as long as I exist, I shall ever do as I have done
today, maintain the dignity of my high profession, and perform, as I
understand them, all its important duties.

Erskine’s eloquence was futile. As the Attorney-General rose to reply, the

foreman of the jury announced that it had reached its verdict without any need for
argument. The verdict was guilty.

GEORGES JACQUES DANTON
10 March 1793

‘The people have nothing but blood’

When Danton returned from a secret mission to Belgie in March 1793, the S
Austrians had reaccupied Aix-la-~Chapelle and an English, Dutch and Hanover-

 

tan army was being assembled in Holland. The Convention in Paris ordered the

mustering of 300 eg men. On 10 nares a rumour Spread that Dumouriez, — :

  
170 Danton: ‘The people have nothing but blood’
eS

France's most brillant general, had surrendered in Holland. There were riots in
the streets as Danton addressed a frightened Convention.

When the edifice is on fite, I do not join the rascals who would stea] the
furniture; | extinguish the flames. I tell you, therefore, you should be
convinced by the dispatches of Dumouriez that you have not a moment
to spare in saving the republic.

Dumouriez conceived a plan which did honour to his genius. I would
render him greater justice and praise than I did recently. But three
months ago he announced to the executive power, your general commit-

_tee of defence, that if we were not audacious enough to invade Holland
in the middle of winter, to declare instantly against England the war
which actually we had long been making, that we would double the
difficulties of our campaign, in giving our enemies the time to deploy

their forces. ‘Since we failed to ‘tecognize this stroke of his genius, we
: zs ‘must now repair our faults. :
~ Dumouriez i is not discouraged: he is in the middle of Holland, where
= he will find munitions of war; to overthrow all our enemies, he wants
hae Frenchmen, and France is filled with citizens. Would we be free? If
ye no. longer. desire it, let us perish, for we have all sworn it. If we wish
Jet all march to defend our independence. Your enemies are making
- their last efforts. Pitt, recognizing he has all to lose, dares spare nothing.
Take Holland, and Carthage is destroyed, and England can no longer
_ exist but for liberty! Let Holland be conquered to liberty, and even the
commercial aristocracy itself, which at the moment dominates the Eng-
lish people, would rise against the government which had dragged it
F tnto- despotic wat against a free people. They would overthrow this
ministry of stupidity, who thought the methods of the ancien régime could
: = smother the genius of liberty breathing in France. This ministry once

~ overthrown in the interests of commerce, the party ‘of liberty would
: _ show. itself; for it is not dead! And if you know your duties, if your
S commissioners leave at once, if you extend the hand to the strangers

zs aepieng to destroy all forms of tyranny, France j is saved and the world is

 
 
   
  

¥ SBacedite, then, your commissioners; sustain them with your energy;
me them leave this very night, this very evening.

 
Vergniaud: “The Revolution, like Saturn’ 1717

 

that await you. What! you have a whole nation as a lever, its reason as
your fulcrum, and you have not yet upturned the world! To do this we
need firmness and character; and of a truth we lack it. I put to one side
all passions. They are all strangers to me save a passion for the public
good.

In the most difficult situations, when the enemy was at the gates of
Paris, I said to those governing: ‘Your discussions are shameful; I can
see but the enemy. (Fresh applause.) You tire me by squabbling, in place
of occupying yourselves with the safety of the republic! I repudiate you
all as traitors to our country! I place you all in the same line!’ I said to
them: “What care I for my reputation? Let France be free, though my
name were accursed!’ What care I that I am called ‘a blood-drinker’?
Well, let us drink the blood of the enemies of humanity, if needful; but
let us struggle, let us achieve freedom. Some fear the departure of the
commissioners may weaken one or the other section of this convention. |
Vain fears! Carry your energy everywhere. The pleasantest declaration —
will be to announce to the people that the terrible debt weighing upon
them will be wrested from their enemies or that the rich will shortly
have to pay it. The national situation is cruel. The representatives of
value are no longer in equilibrium in the circulation. The day of the
working man is lengthened beyond necessity. A great corrective measure
is necessary! Conquerors of Holland, reanimate in England the republican
party; let us advance France, and we shall go glorified to posterity.
Achieve these grand destinies: no more debates, no more quarrels, and
the fatherland is saved.

 

PIERRE VERGNIAUD
13 Match 1793 ~

‘The Revolution, like S aturn, devouring successively all her children’

Three days after Danton had summoned France to arms, V ergniaud delivered one of the e
greatest speeches of the Revolution—a condensed history of conditions in France onthe
verge of the Terror. According to Simon Schama, it was a speech, even by aoe ¥:
standards, that was remarkable for its rhetorical power and political courage. - :

As the Jacobins decided on the annibilation of the Girondins, Vergniand was —
selected as the Girondins’ spokesman. He had been silent for six weeks when he
mounted the tribune, promised to speak the truth — and spoke for bis life.

     
  
172 Vergniaud: ‘The Revolution, like Saturn’
eee

Unceasingly overwhelmed with calumnies, I have abstained from using
the tribune because I thought that my presence there might excite
passions, and I could not carry there the hope of being useful to my
country. But today, when we are all reunited by a sentiment of danger
common to us all; today, when the entire National Convention finds
itself on the border of an abyss, where the slightest impetus could
precipitate it forever, together with liberty; today, when the emissaries
of Catiline do not merely present themselves at the gates of Rome but
have the insolent audacity to come to this hall to display the signs of the

counterrevolution, I cannot keep a silence which would become a
veritable treason...

Tt is no longer possible to speak of respect for the laws, for humanity,
for justice, for the rights of man... without being qualified at least as
an intriguer, and more often yet, as an aristocrat and a counter-
revolutionary; on the contrary, to provoke to murder, to incite to

- pillage, is a sure means of obtaining from the men who have seized the
helm of public opinion, the palms of patriotism and the glorious title of
patriots...

Thus from crimes to amnesty, from amnesty to crimes, a great
number of citizens have reached the point of confusing seditious insurrec-
_ tions with the great insurrection of liberty, and of regarding the provoca-
_ tion of brigands as the explosion of energetic souls, and brigandage itself
__as a measure of public safety. It was a great step forward for the enemies
_ of the Republic to have thus perverted reason and annihilated the ideas
of morality. There remained to the people defenders who could still

  
 
 
  
  
    
   
   

 

= new ctimes; not to acquire great houses and carriages while hypocritically
_ proclaiming against wealth, but to have the glory of. cooperating in the

ss happiness of their country, sacrificing to this single ambition of their
souls, profession, fortune, work, even family — in a word, all that was

as _ most dear to them. The aristocracy has tried to destroy them with
calumny. It has pursued them with perfidious denunciations, by impos-
ture, by frantic cries, sometimes in infamous libels, sometimes in even —
of - infamous speeches from this tribune, in the popular assemblies, in
e public places, every day, at every hour, every moment. We have seen
E ‘lop this strange system of liberty according to which they say to
you: ‘You are free; but think as we do on such and such a question of |
political economy or we will denounce you to the vengeance of the |

 

 
   
 

Vergniaud: ‘The Revolution, like Saturn’ 173

LLL LIT LL ECL tite attis tinea ng

 

people. You are free; but bow your head before the idol to which we
burn incense or we will denounce you to the vengeance of the people.
You are free; but join us in persecuting the men whose honesty and
intelligence we doubt or we will designate you by ridiculous names and
we will denounce you to the vengeance of the people.’

Then, Citizens, it has been permitted to fear that the Revolution, like
Saturn, devouring successively all her children, will produce at last a
despotism with the calamities that accompany it . . .

The fires of passion have been lighted with fury within this Assembly,
and the aristocracy, putting no more limits to its hopes, has conceived
the infernal project of destroying the Convention through itself ... It
has said: “Let us inflame hatred still more: let us contrive that the
National Convention itself should be the burning crater from which
comes those sulphurous expressions of conspiracies or treason or
counter-revolution. Let us profit by the imprudence of too ardent
patriotism so that the anger of the people seems directed against one
part of the Convention by the other. Our rage will do the rest; and if in
the movement we will have excited some members of the Convention
perish, we will at once present to France their colleagues as their
assassins and executioners; the public indignation which we will have
raised will soon produce a second catastrophe that will engulf the whole
of the national representation.’ .. . = 3

This Tribunal, if it were organized on principles of justice, could be

useful. The Convention had welcomed the idea of its formation; it was
| resolved to make it serve the success of the counter-tevolution. They
flattered themselves that it would be easy to persuade the Convention
that the Ministers were guilty of the defeat of Aix-la-Chapelle, and thus
to obtain at least their dismissal; that it would not be impossible to lead
it to choose new ones from their own numbers; that they would find
there members sufficiently corrupt, through ambition, to wish to accumn-
late in their hands the executives and the legislative functions, and that,
through intrigue and terror, they would succeed in getting them elected.
Once men invested with the inviolability inherent in the character of
tepresentatives of the people had in their hands all the wealth of the
Republic, had at their disposition all the places, all the favours, the
benefits to bribe, to frighten; all the means of intrigue, of corruption, of
popularity, and even of sedition, they would crush with all the power of
their ascendancy the National Convention, which would become in their ot
_ hands a mere instrument to legalize their crimes and their tyranny; and if 3
Some citizens wished to raise a lamenting voice against this new tyranny,

 

 
 

174 Vergniaud: ‘The Revolution, like Saturn’

 

 

See

the Revolutionary Tribunal was there to try him as a conspirator, to
e ye © * st
make his head fall, and to impose silence.

I will say, however, that more than one Brutus watches over its [the

Republic’s] safety, and if, among its members, it should find decemvirs,
they would live no mote than a day .. .

You, unfortunate people, will you longer be the dupes of hypocrites
who would rather obtain your applause than to merit it, who curry
favour by flattering your passions rather than render you a single service
eeAatyrant of antiquity had an iron bed on which he had his victims
stretched, mutilating those who were too tall for the bed and painfully
dislocating those shorter, in order to make them the right length.

It [liberty] is often presented to you under the emblem of two tigers
that are tearing each other to pieces. See it rather under the most
consoling emblem of two brothers who embrace each other. That which

they wish to have you adopt, daughter of hate and of jealousy, goes
_ always armed with daggers. True equality, that of nature, instead of
dividing them, unites them by the bonds of universal fraternity. It is that
» alone which can make your happiness and that of the world. The
_ monsters stifle it and offer licence for your misguided worship. Licence,
like all false gods, has its druids who would nourish it with human
' victims. May these cruel priests undergo the fate of their predecessors.
_ May infamy forever seal the dishonoured stone which will cover their
ashes. |

When the people for the first time prostrated themselves before the

sun to call it the father of nature, do you believe it was veiled by

destroying clouds which bring the tempest? No, without doubt, brilliant

in glory, it was advancing then in the immensity of space, spreading

upon the universe fecundity and light. |

Very well, let us dissipate by our firmness these clouds which envelop

_ our political horizon; let us crush anarchy, no less the enemy of liberty

_ than despotism; let us found liberty upon the laws and a wise Constitu-

_ tion, Soon you will see the thrones collapse, the sceptre break, and the

_ people, stretching their arms towards you, proclaim by cries of joy,
universal fraternity.

 

 

   
Vergniaud: ‘Our moderation has saved the country 175

enn es

PIERRE VERGNIAUD
10 April 1793

‘Our moderation has saved the country’

On 10 April, as conditions in France worsened, with food scarce, prices high, and
civil war in the Vendée, Robespierre — naming Vergniaud — charged the Girondin
leaders with complicity with General Dumouriez, who had made a thwarted
attempt to overthrow the Convention and restore the monarchy. According to
Robespierre, the Girondins were conspiring to restore the monarchy with foreign
arms, a result that would please ‘bourgeois aristocrats’.

Vergniaud had no warning of Robespierre’s attack but started to take notes
when he ascended the tribune. Robespierre’s speech was loudly cheered. As
Vergniaud took the tribune, the galleries howled their derision, Marat shouted
insults, and the mob was in control. Vergniaud silenced the mob and returned to
Robespierre the insult of calling him ‘Monsieur’, when ‘Citizen’ was the only title
for a patriot. Z

Robespierre accuses us of having suddenly become ‘Moderates’ — monks
of the order of St Bernard. Moderates — we? I was not such, on the tenth
of August, Robespierre, when thou didst hide in thy cellar. Moderates!
No, I am not such a Moderate that I would extinguish the national
energy. I know that liberty is ever as active as a blazing flame — that it is
irreconcilable with the inertia that is fit only for slaves! Had we tried but
to feed that sacred fire which burns in my heart as ardently as in that of
the men who talk incessantly about ‘the impetuosity’ of their character,
such great dissensions would never have arisen in this Assembly. I know
that in revolutionary times it was as great a folly to pretend the ability to
calm on the spur of the moment the effervescence of the people as it _
would be to command the waves of the ocean when they are beaten oo
the wind. Thus it behoves the lawmaker to prevent as much as he can
the storm’s disaster by wise counsel. But if under the pretext of revolu-
tion it become necessary, in order to be a patriot, to become the declared
protector of murder and of robbery — then I am a ‘Moderate’! |
Since the abolition of the monarchy, I have heard much talk =.
revolution. I said to myself: there are but two more revolutions possible: _
that of property or the Agrarian Law, and that which would carty us
back to despotism. I have made a firm resolution to resist both the one _

 

  
176 Vergniaud: ‘Our moderation has saved the country’
a ee ie ee Te nae tlt nga Pageants

and the other and all the indirect means that might lead us to them. If
that can be construed as being a ‘Moderate’, then we are all such; for we
all have voted for the death penalty against any citizen who would
propose either one of them.

I have also heard much said about insurrection — of attempts to cause

necessarily do it a great deal of harm. The wish to force insurrection can
find lodgement nowhere but in the heart of a bad citizen. If the
insurrection has a determined object, what can it be? To transfer the
exercise of sovereignty to the Republic. The exercise of sovereignty is
confided to the national representatives. Therefore, those who talk of
insutrection are trying to destroy national representation; therefore, they

are trying to deliver the exercise of sovereignty to a small number of

_ men, or to transfer it upon the head of a single citizen; therefore, they are
endeavouring to found an aristocratic government or to re-establish

_ royalty. In either case, they are conspiring against the Republic and
liberty, and if it become necessary either to approve them in order to be a
— patriot or be a ‘Moderate’ in battling against them, then I am a Moderate!
a _ When the statue of liberty is on the throne, insurrection can be called
into being only by the friends of royalty. By continually shouting to the
- people that they must rise; by continuing to speak to them, not the
language of the laws, but that of the passions, arms have been furnished
| to the aristocracy. Taking the living and the language of sansculottism,
| it has cried out to the Finistére department: ‘You are unhappy; the
' assignats are at a discount; you ought to rise en masse? In this way the
| €xaggerations have injured the Republic. We are ‘Moderates’! But for
whose profit have we shown this great moderation? For the profit of the
__ émigrés? We have adopted against them all the measures of rigour that
& were imposed by justice and national interest. For the profit of inside
_ conspitators? We have never ceased to call upon their heads the sword
_ of the law. But I have demurred against the law that threatened to
eS proscribe the innocent as well as the guilty. There was endless talk of
_ terrible measures, of revolutionary measures. I also was in favour of

    
  
  

 

  

_ undoing. I wanted punishments but not proscriptions. Some men have _

Appeared as if their patriotism consisted in tormenting others ~— in causing

  
Desmoulins: ‘It zs a crime to be a king’ 177
sis a ne ee ee

tears to flow! I would have wished that there should be none but happy
people! The Convention is the centre around which all citizens should
rally! It may be that their gaze fixed upon it is not always free from fear
and anxiety. | would have wished that it should be the centre of all their
affections and of all their hopes. Efforts were made to accomplish the
revolution by terror. I should have preferred to bring it about by love.
In short, I have not thought that, like the priests and the fierce ministers
of the Inquisition, who spoke of their God of Mercy only when they
were surrounded by autos-da-fé and stakes, we should speak of liberty
surrounded by daggers and executioners!

You say we are ‘Moderates’! Ah! let thanks be offered us for this
moderation of which we are accused as if it were a crime! If, when in

this tribune they came to wave the brands of discord and to outrage —
with the most insolent audacity the majority of the representatives of the —
people; if, when they shouted with as much fury as folly: ‘No more
truce! No more peace between us!’ we had given way to the promptings —
of a just indignation; if we had accepted the counter-revolutionary —
challenge which was tendered to us — I declare to my accusers (and no
matter what suspicions they create against us, no matter what the
calumnies with which they try to tarnish us, our names still remain more
esteemed than theirs) that we would have seen, coming in haste from all
the provinces to combat the men of the second of September, men
equally formidable to anarchy and to tyrants! And our accusers and we
ourselves would be already consumed by the fire of civil war. Our
moderation has saved the country from this terrible scourge, and by our
silence we have deserved well of the Republic!

 

Two months later the Girondins were expelled. Vergniaud’s eloquence was still
feared and he was not allowed to speak in his defence at his trial. He was executed
with twenty-three colleagues. : 7

CAMILLE DESMOULINS
ee

‘It is a crime to be a king’

As a young man of twenty-nine, Camille Desmoulins (1 760-94) playd a
dramatic part in the destruction of the Bastille when on 12 July 1789 be jumped

  
178 Desmoulins: ‘I? 7s a crime to be a Ring’

SS ee ee
on to a table and addressed the crowd in the Palais- Royal, urging them to take
arms: ‘It is I who call my brothers to freedom. I would rather die than submit to
servitude.’ A stutter inhibited his oratory but as editor and Sounder of the weekly
Revolutions de France he was the greatest Journalist of the pai
Desmoulins was elected by Paris to the National Convention, where he delivered

this speech calling for the execution of the King.

It is by the law of nations that this trial ought to be regulated, The
slavery of nations during ten thousand years has not been able to rescind
their indefensible rights. It was these rights that were a standing protest
against the reigning of the Charleses, the Henrys, the Frederics, the
Edwards, as they were against the despotism of Julius Caesar. It is a
crime to be a king. It was even a crime to be a constitutional king, for
the nation had never accepted the constitution. There is only one
__ condition on which it could be legitimate to reign; it is when the whole
ae : people formally strips itself of its rights and cedes them to a single man,
not only as Denmark did in 1660, but as happens when the entire people
has passed or ratified this warrant of its sovereignty. And yet it could
not bind the next generation, because death extinguishes all rights. It is
1€ erogative of those who exist, and who are in possession of this
arth, to make the laws for it in their turn. Otherwise, let the dead leave
their graves and come to uphold their laws against the living who have
E repealed them. All other kinds of royalty are imposed upon the people at
the risk of their insurrection, just as robbers reign in the forests at the
tisk of the provost’s punishment befalling them. And now after we have
_tisen and recovered our rights, to plead these feudal laws, or even the
Constitution, in opposition to republican Frenchmen, is to plead the
black code to Negro conquerors of white men. Our constituents have
not sent us here to follow those feudal laws and that pretended constitu-
tion, but to abolish it, or rather, to declare that it never existed, and to
reinvest the nation with that sovereignty which another had usurped.
_ Either we are truly republicans, giants who rise to the heights of these
republican ideas, or we are not giants, but mere pygmies. By the law of
nations Louis XVI as king, even a constitutional king, was a tyrant in a
- state of revolt against the nation, and a criminal worthy of death. And
Frenchmen have no more need to try him than had Hercules to try the
_ boar of Erymanthus, or the Romans to try Tarquin, or Caesar, wha me

: saeoa* himself a constitutional dictator. “<
_ But it is not only a king, it is a criminal accused of crimes s that in his

"person we have to punish.

   
   
   
   
   
   
  
 
   
   
Desmoulins: ‘It zs a crime to be a king’ 179

OLE aaa iti ata inertia aig tag ed

You must not expect me to indulge in undue exaggeration, and to call
him a Nero, as I heard those do who have spoken the most favourably
for him. I know that Louis XVI had the inclinations of a tiger, and if we
established courts such as Montesquieu calls the courts of manners and
behaviour, like that of the Areopagus at Athens, which condemned a
child to death for putting out his bird’s eyes; if we had an Areopagus, it
would have a hundred times condemned this man as dishonouring the
human face by the caprices of his wanton cruelties. But as it is not the
deeds of his private life, but the crimes of his reign that we are judging,
it must be confessed that this long list of accusations against Louis
which our committee and our orators have presented to us, while
rendering him a thousand times worthy of death, will nevertheless not
suggest to posterity the horrors of the reign of Nero, but the crimes of
constituents, the crimes of Louis the King, rather than the crimes of
Louis Capet. |

That which makes the former king justly odious to the people is the
four yeats of perjuries and oaths, incessantly repeated into the nation’s
ear before the face of heaven, while all the time he was conspiring —
against the nation. Treason was always with every nation the most
abominable of crimes. It has always inspired that horror which is
inspired by poison and vipers, because it is impossible to guard against
it. So the laws of the Twelve Tables devoted to the Furies the mandatary
who betrayed the trust of his constituent, and permitted the latter to kill
the former wherever he should find him. So, too, fidelity in fulfilling
one’s engagements is the only virtue on which those pride themselves
who have lost all others. It is the only virtue found among thieves. It is
the last bond which holds society — even that of the robbers themselves
— together. This comparison, it is, which best paints royalty, by showing
how much less villainous is even a robbers’ cave than the Louvre, since
the maxim of all kings 1 is that of Caesar: ‘It is permissible to break one’s
faith in order to reign.” So in his religious idiom, spoke Antoine de
- Levre to Charles V: ‘If you are not willing to be a rascal, if you have a
soul to save, renounce the empire.’ So said Machiavelli in terms very
applicable to our situation. For this reason it was, that many years ago in
a petition to the National Assembly I quoted this passage: ‘If sovereignty
must be renounced in order to make a people free, he who is clothed
_ with this sovereignty has some excuse in betraying the nation, because it _
is difficult and against nature to be willing to fall from so high a
position,’ All this proves that the crimes of Louis XVI are the crimes es
the constituents who supported him in his position of king rather than —

   

 
180 Desmoulins: ‘Tt is a crime to be a king
a Pr

 

his crimes, that is to say, of those who gave him the right by letters
patent to be the ‘enemy of the nation’ and a traitor. But all] these

considerations, calculated as they may be to soften the horror of his
crimes in the eyes of posterity, are useless before the law, in mitigating
their punishment. What! Shall the judges forbear to punish a brigand
because in his cave he has been brought up to believe that all the
possessions of those who pass his cave belong to him? Because his
education has so depraved his natural disposition that he could not be
anything but a robber? Shall it be alleged as a reason for letting the
treason of a king go unpunished, that he could not be anything but a
traitor, and as a reason for not giving the nations the example of cutting
down this tree, that it can only bear poisons? . . .

‘But who shall judge this conspirator?’ It is astonishing and inconceiv-
able what trouble this question has given to the best heads of the
Convention. Removed as we are from Nature and the primitive laws of
all society, most of us have not thought that we could judge a conspirator
without a jury of accusation, a jury of judgement, and judges who

would apply the law, and all have imagined necessary a court more or
__ less extraordinary. So we leave the ancient ruts only to fall into new
\ ones, instead of following the plain road of common sense. Who shall
_ judge Louis XVI? The whole people, if it can, as the people of Rome
. judged Manlius and Horatius, nor dreamt of the need of a jury of
' accusation, to be followed by a jury of judgement, and that in turn by a
court which would apply the law to judge a culprit taken in the act. But
. as we cannot hear the pleas of twenty-five millions of men we must
- tecur to the maxim of Montesquieu: ‘Let a free people do all that it can
by itself and the rest by representatives and commissioners!’ And what is
the National Convention but the commission selected by the French
= 5 people to try the last king and to form the Constitution of the new
republic? — 2s ae “=
‘Some claim that such a course would be to unite all the powers —
legislative functions and judicial functions. Those who have most wearied
our ears by reciting the dangers of this cumulation of powers must
either deride our simplicity in believing that they respect those limits, or
else they do not well understand themselves. For have not constitutional
and legislative assemblies assumed a hundred times the functions of
_ judges, whether in annulling the procedure of the Chatelet, and many
other tribunals, or in issuing decrees against so many prisoners on
suspicion whether there was an accusation or not? To acquit Mirabeau
and ‘P. Equality’, or to send Lessart to Orléans, was not that to assume

   
  
  

ee Sos Z *.¥

i, tae ee

  
Desmoulins: ‘Tt is a crime to be a king’ 181
I ae PS NT A ncn gs eran agen

the functions of judges? I conclude from this that those ‘Balancers’, as
Mirabeau called them, who continually talk of ‘equilibrium’, and the
balance of power, do not themselves believe in what they say. Can it be
contested, for example, that the nation which exercises the power of
sovereignty does not ‘cumulate’ all the powers? Can it be claimed that
the nation cannot delegate, at its will, this or that portion of its powers

to whom it pleases? Can any one deny that the nation has cumulatively
clothed us here with its powers, both to try Louis XVI and to construct
the Constitution? One may well speak of the balance of power and the
necessity of maintaining it when the people, as in England, exercises its
sovereignty only at the time of elections. But when the nation, the
sovereign, is in permanent activity, as formerly at Athens and Rome,
and as now in France, when the tight of sanctioning the laws is
recognized as belonging to it, and when it can assemble every day in its
municipalities and sections, and expel the faithless mandataries, the great
necessity cannot be seen of maintaining the equilibrium of powers, since
it is the people who, with its arm of iron, itself holds the scales ready to —
drive out the ambitious and the traitorous who wish to make it incline
to the side opposite the general interest. Soe

It is evident that the people sent us here to judge the King and to give
them a constitution. Is the first of these two functions so difficult to
fulfil? And have we anything else to do than what Brutus did when the
people caused him to judge his two sons himself, and tested him by this,
just as the Convention is tested now? He made them come to his
tribunal, as you must bring Louis XVI before you. It produced for him
the proofs of their conspiracy as you must present to Louis XVI that
multitude of overwhelming proofs of his plots. They could make no
answer to the testimony of a slave, as Louis XVI will not be able to
answet anything to the correspondence of Laporte, and to that mass of
written proofs that he paid his bodyguard at Coblentz and betrayed the
nation. And it only remains for you to, prove, as Brutus proved to the
Roman people, that you are worthy to begin the Republic and its
Constitution, and to appease the shades of a hundred thousand citizens
whom he caused to perish in pronouncing the same sentence: ‘Go,
lictor, bind him to the stake.’ |

 

Desmoulins was arrested with Danton in March 1794 and died on the guillotine.

 
182 Robespierre: “Terror is nothing else than justice’

 

MAXIMILIEN ROBESPIERRE
5 February 1794

‘Terror ts nothing else than justice’

By 1793, when he became a member of the Committee of Public Safety,
Robespierre was one of the rulers of France, and chief strategist and philosopher of
the second half of the Revolution. His uncompromising principles were set out in
his famous speech to the Convention on the principles of morality that ought to
guide the Revolution.

After having marched for a long time at hazard, and, as it were, carried
away by the movement of contrary factions, the representatives of the
people have at last formed a government. A sudden change in the
nation’s fortune announced to Europe the regeneration that had been
operated in the national representation; but up to this moment we must
_ admit that we have been rather guided in these stormy circumstances by
_ the love of good, and by a sense of the country’s wants, than by any
_ exact theory or precise rules of conduct.
_ It is time to distinguish clearly the aim of the Revolution and the term
E to which we would arrive. It is time for us to render account to
ourselves, both of the obstacles which still keep us from that aim and of
s _ the means which we ought to take to attain it. |

“What is the aim to which we tend?

The peaceful enjoyment of liberty and equality; the reign of that
eternal justice of which the laws have been engraved, not upon marble,
but upon the hearts of all mankind — even in the hearts of the slaves

_who forget them or of the tyrants. who have denied them! We desire a

_ state of things wherein all base and cruel passions shall be enchained, all

generous and beneficent passions awakened by the laws; wherein ambi-

tion should be the desire of glory, and glory the desire of serving the
country; wherein distinctions should arise but from equality itself;

_ wherein the citizen should submit to the magistrate, the magistrate to
_ the people, and the people to justice; wherein the country assures the —
welfare of every individual; wherein every individual enjoys with pride
_ the prosperity and the glory of his country; wherein all minds are
_ enlarged by the continual communication of republican sentiments and
_ by the desire of meriting the esteem of a great people; wherein arts —

 

  
Robespierre: ‘Terror zs nothing else than justice’ 183
a a a a eR oe a ee ae eae a a

should be the decorations of that liberty which they ennoble, and
commerce the source of public wealth and not the monstrous opulence
of some few houses. We desire to substitute morality for egotism,
probity for honour, principles for usages, duties for functions, the
empire of reason for the tyranny of fashions, the scorn of vice for the
scorn of misfortune, pride for insolence, greatness of soul for vanity, the
love of glory for the love of money, good citizens for good society,
merit for intrigue, genius for cleverness, truth for splendour, the charm
of happiness for the ennui of voluptuousness, the grandeur of man for
the pettiness of the great, a magnanimous people, powerful, happy, for a
people amiable, frivolous, and miserable; that is to say, all the virtues
and all the miracles of a republic for all the vices and all the follies of a
monarchy. |
What is the nature of the government that can realize these prodigies?
The democratic or republican government. |

Democracy is that state in which the people, guided by laws that are

its own work, executes for itself all that it can well do, and, by its —

delegates, all that it cannot do itself. But to found and consolidate
democracy, we must first end the war of liberty against tyranny, and
traverse the storm of the Revolution. Such is the aim of the revolutionary
system you have organized; you ought, therefore, to regulate your
conduct by the circumstances in which the Republic finds itself; and
the plan of your administration ought to be the result of the spirit

of revolutionary government, combined with the general principles of
democracy. |

The great purity of the French Revolution, the sublimity even of its —

object, is precisely that which makes our force and our weakness. Our
force, because it gives us the ascendancy of truth Over imposture, and
the rights of public interest over private interest. Our weakness, because
it rallies against us all the vicious; all those who in their hearts meditate

the robbery of the people; all those who, having robbed them, seek 3

 

impunity; all those who have rejected liberty as a personal calamity; and =

those who have embraced the Revolution as a trade and the Republic as

a prey. Hence the defection of so many ambitious men, who have
abandoned us on our route because they did not commence the journey

to arrive at the same object as we did. We must crush both the interior

Situation, the first maxim of

and exterior enemies of the Republic, or perish with her. And in this

your policy should be to conduct the people

by teason and the enemies of the people by terror. If the spring of |
Popular government during peace is virtue, the spring of popular

 

ae
oe
li

3
es

dal

eee

  
184 Robespierre: ‘The Supreme Being’
— SS S$ eee

government in rebellion is at once both virtue and terror; virtue
9 ; . ‘ 5 >
without which terror is fatal! terror, without which virtue is powerless!

Terror is nothing else than justice, prompt, secure, and inflexible! It is,
therefore, an emanation of virtue; it is less a particular ptinciple than a
consequence of the general principles of democracy, applied to the most
urgent wants of the country.

It has been said that terror is the instrument of a despotic government.
Does yours, then, resemble despotism? Yes, as the sword which glitters
in the hand of a hero of liberty resembles that with which the satellites
of tyranny are armed! The government of a revolution is the despotism
of liberty against tyranny. Is force, then, only made to protect crime?
Is it not also made to strike those haughty heads which the lightning
has doomed? Nature has imposed upon every being the law of self-
preservation. Crime massacres innocence to reign, and innocence strug-
gles with all its force in the hands of crime. Let tyranny but reign one

_ day, and on the morrow there would not remain a single patriot. Until
when will the fury of tyranny continue to be called justice, and the jus-
__ tice of the people barbarity and rebellion? How tender they are to oppres-
sors — how inexorable to the oppressed! Nevertheless, it is necessary that
one or the other should succumb. Indulgence for the Royalist! exclaimed
certain people. Pardon for wretches! No! Pardon for innocence, pardon
for the weak, pardon for the unhappy, pardon for humanity!

  

MAXIMILIEN ROBESPIERRE
= 8 June 1794 Sa

‘The Supreme Being’

For Robespierre, terror and virtue were part of the same exercise in self-
improvement — ‘virtue, without which terror is harmful and terror, without which
_ virtue 1s impotent’. So the most important arm of the Convention for Robespierre
was the Committee of Public Instruction. Working with the French painter
Jacques David, a fellow-revolutionary who directed the great national fetes founded
on classic customs (and inspired by Jean Jacques Rousseau), Robespierre created
his most ambitious political production — the Festival of the S. upreme Being.
David had conceived of the event as a vast revolutionary oratorio, with a choir of
2,400 voices singing the ‘Marseillaise’ and the new ‘Hymn of the Supreme Being’,
the anthem of Robespierre’s Republican religion. Robespierre appeared, dressed in

  
Robespierre: ‘The Supreme Being’ 185

 

a blue coat, a tricolour sash and plumed hat, as the last strains of the new hymn
faded in the Tuileries, where thousands of Parisians were gathered for the

ceremonies.

The day forever fortunate has arrived, which the French people have
consecrated to the Supreme Being. Never has the world which He
created offered to Him a spectacle so worthy of His notice. He has seen
reigning on the earth tyranny, crime, and imposture. He sees at this
moment a whole nation, grappling with all the oppressions of the
human face, suspend the course of its heroic labours to elevate its
thoughts and vows toward the great Being who has given it the mission
it has undertaken and the strength to accomplish it.

Is it not He whose immortal hand, engtaving on the heart of man the
code of justice and equality, has written there the death sentence of
tyrants? Is it not He who, from the beginning of time, decreed for all the
ages and for all peoples liberty, good faith, and justice?

He did not create kings to devour the human race. He did not create -
priests to harness us, like vile animals, to the chariots of kings and to —
give to the world examples of baseness, pride, perfidy, avarice, debauch- —

_ ery, and falsehood. He created the universe to’ proclaim His power. He

created men to help each other, to- love each other mutually, and to
attain to happiness by the way of virtue.

It is He who implanted in the breast of che peniaehate oppressor
_temorse and terror, and in the heart of the oppressed and innocent —
calmness and fortitude. It is He who impels the just man to hate the evil
one, and the evil man to respect the just one. It is He who adorns with
modesty the brow of beauty, to make it yet more beautiful. It is He who
makes the mother’s heart beat with tenderness and joy. It is He who
bathes with delicious tears the eyes of the son pressed to the bosom of.
his mother. It is He who silences the most imperious and tender passions
before the sublime love of the fatherland. It is He who has covered
nature with charms, riches, and majesty. All that is good is His work, or.
is Himself. Evil belongs to the depraved man who oppresses his fellow
man or suffers him to be oppressed. |
The Author of Nature has bound all mortals by a boundless chain of =x
love and happiness. Perish the tyrants who have dared to break it!
_ Republican Frenchmen, it is yours to purify the earth which they have
soiled, and to recall to it the justice that they have banished! Liberty and

| virtue together came from the breast of Divinity. Neither can abide with
: eee without the other. | , 2 Sa :

 

   
186 Robespierre: ‘The Supreme Being’
ee

O generous People, would you triumph over all yout enemies?
Practise justice, and render the Divinity the only worship worthy of
Him. O People, let us deliver ourselves today, under His auspices, to the
just transports of a pure festivity. Tomorrow we shall return to the
combat with vice and tyrants. We shall give to the world the example of
republican virtues. And that will be to honour Him still.

The monster which the genius of kings had vomited over France has
gone back into nothingness. May all the crimes and all the misfortunes
of the world disappear with it! Armed in turn with the daggers of
fanaticism and the poisons of atheism, kings have always conspired to
assassinate humanity. If they are able no longer to disfigure Divinity by
superstition, to associate it with their crimes, they try to banish it from
the earth, so that they may reign there alone with crime.

O People, fear no more their sacrilegious plots! They can no more
snatch the world from the breast of its Author than remorse from their

own hearts. Unfortunate ones, uplift your eyes toward heaven! Heroes
of the fatherland, your generous devotion is not a brilliant madness. If
_ the satellites of tyranny can assassinate you, it is not in their power
entirely to destroy you. Man, whoever thou mayest be, thou canst still
. conceive high thoughts for thyself. Thou canst bind thy fleeting life to
_ God, and to immortality. Let nature seize again all her splendour, and
wisdom all her empire! The Supreme Being has not been annihilated.
It is wisdom above all that our guilty enemies would drive from the
republic. To wisdom alone it is given to strengthen the prosperity of
empires. It is for her to guarantee to us the rewards of our courage. Let
us associate wisdom, then, with all our enterprises. Let us be grave and —
discreet in all our deliberations, as men who-are providing for the
interests of the world. Let us be ardent and obstinate in our anger
against conspiring tyrants, imperturbable in dangers, patient in labours,
terrible in striking back, modest and vigilant in successes. Let us be
generous towards the good, compassionate with the unfortunate, inexor-
able with the evil, just towards every one. Let us not count on an
unmixed prosperity, and on triumphs without attacks, nor on all that
ae depends on fortune or the perversity of others. Sole, but infallible
_ guarantors of our independence, let us crush the impious league of kings
__ by the grandeur of our character, even more than by the strength of our
Ceets |
Frenchmen, you war against kings; you are therefore worthy to-
honour Divinity. Being of Beings, Author of Nature, the brutalized |
re, the vile instrument of despotism, the perfidious and cruel aristo-

 

<.
a

 
Robespierre: ‘Death is the beginning of immortality’ 187

ee

crat, outrages Thee by his very invocation of Thy name. But the
defenders of liberty can give themselves up to Thee, and rest with
confidence upon Thy paternal bosom. Being of Beings, we need not
offer to Thee unjust prayers. Thou knowest Thy creatures, proceeding
from Thy hands. Their needs do not escape Thy notice, more than their
secret thoughts. Hatred of bad faith and tyranny burns in our hearts,
with love of justice and the fatherland. Our blood flows for the cause of

humanity. Behold our prayer. Behold our sacrifices. Behold the worship
we offer Thee.

MAXIMILIEN ROBESPIERRE
26 July 1794

‘Death is the beginning of immortality’

By July 1794, the moderates in the Convention grew more outspoken in condemning
a Terror that was no longer justified by war. Robespierre’s influence was waning
fast. Millions of jobless and landless were asking why the Committee of Public
Safety was doing nothing to alleviate their condition — but Robespierre was —
preoccupied with stamping out vice. Plans were laid for his downfall. He signed his
death sentence when he carried a law by which deputies could be tried by order of
the CP'S, with no proof of guilt required.

Robespierre decided to delwer a speech denouncing his enemies — by now he had

Sew friends — which he composed in solitary walks through the woods at Ville
d Array and in contemplation of Rousseau’s tomb.

On & Thermidor he mounted the tribune and gave, lasting two hours, the last —
speech of his life. Only the frequent blinking of his eyes and the nervous drumming
of his fingers on the pulpit betrayed his inner agitation as he spoke in a slow, even
voice from his manuscript. ge | |

 

Is it I who have thrown patriots into prison and have carried the Terror _
into every walk of life? Is it I who — while shielding treason and
neglecting the crimes of aristocracy — have waged war upon peaceful _
citizens, magnified into crime private opinion and trifling offence, —
pretending to see guilt on every hand, until the Revolution has become
abhorred by the people itself ? se ced

When the victims of their tyranny would complain, they would excuse
themselves by saying: Robespierre wills it; we are not to blame. They

  
188 Robespierre: ‘Death is the beginning of immortality’

 

 

 

en

said to the nobles: it is he who has proscribed you. To the patriots:
he wants to save the nobles. To the priests: he alone persecutes you;

without him you would be left in peace and could triumph. To the
fanatics: he wants to destroy religion. To patriots whom they perse-
cuted: he has ordered it, or does not want to have it stopped. All
manner of complaints were sent to me regarding wrongs I lacked the

power to right, and people were told: your fate depends on him
alone. They said: look at these pitiful condemned! Who is responsible
for their fate? Robespierre! — They particularly set out to prove that
the Revolutionary Tribunal was a bloody assize created and controlled
by me alone, fot the purpose of executing both the just and the
unjust — for it was considered useful to raise up enemies against me

_ among men both good and evil. Hardly an individual has been ar-
tested, hardly a citizen vexed, ‘but he was told: behold the author of

3 your ‘woes! But. for him you would be free and happy. In all the
= prisons and i in all the Departments this plan of attack was followed. It
2S was” = who had done everything, required everything, commanded
ev verything, for it should not be forgotten” that I bear the title of

  
   
  
 
   
  
  
   

: T will ‘confine myself to saying that the nature and extent of this
alumny — the inability to do good and prevent wrong from being
done - — have forced me, for the last six weeks, to abandon completely
_ my functions as member of the Committee of Public Safety. Six weeks
E have passed since my dictatorship is at an end. Is the country happier
_ now? I hope so! —

| - They call me a tyrant. If I were one, they would crawl at my feet.

=e would gorge them with gold and permit them to commit crime
unhindered, and they would heap gratitude upon me.

-_‘-If the reins of the Republic are relaxed even for a ‘moment, military
a despotism will take possession of them, and we will perish for not —
having known how to make use of the appointed hour in the destiny of
= ‘mankind when liberty could have been firmly founded. Without the
oe Revolutionary Government the Republic cannot be made to endure, but |
s _ when that government falls into perfidious hands, en it becomes itself
~ the i instrument of counter-revolution. ge ‘ Te
=] have not the gift of feigning respect for abonntitals: = even less (in me
accordance with a royal maxim) of making use > of them. I was made t or

combat crime, not to govern it.

| The weapons of liberty should be wielded only by hands fis are ‘
a: ‘3 have sometimes feared — I confess it — to become sullied mys |

 

Aoi

 

   
Pitt the Younger: “Danger with indelible shame and disgrace’ 189

 

 

by the unclean presence of perverted individuals who have insinuated
themselves among the sincere friends of mankind.

The Depattments of the Republic where these crimes have been
perpetrated, will they forget them because we have forgotten them? Will
the complaints to which we close our ears not find a more forceful echo
in the hearts of the oppressed? Guilt unpunished, will it not pursue its
way from crime to crime? And if the guilty escape the justice of men,
will they escape Eternal Justice, which they have outraged by their
horrible excesses?

No, Chaumette! No, Fouché! Death is not an eternal sleep! Citizens,
erase from the tomb this inscription put there by sacrilegious hands,

which casts a pall over the face of nature. Engrave rather this upon it:
Death is the beginning of immortality.

This was the speech that should be read to understand the man, said Hilaire
Belloc — a theory stated with power and precision, a noble ideal based on the
scaffold; a dogma and a detailed persecution side by side.

When he entered the Convention next day, Robespierre was greeted with shouts
of ‘Down with the tyrant!’ He was arrested and imprisoned but escaped. He took
refuge in the Hotel de Ville, where he attempted suicide. He was guillotined with
twenty-one of his followers on 28 July— 10 Thermidor. 3 |

WILLIAM PITT THE YOUNGER
10 November 1797

‘Danger with indelible shame and disgrace’

After his campaign in Italy, Napoleon Bonaparte had seized power in Paris, and
France had rejected peace overtures from Pitt. It was to be war, and Napoleon
was greeted by the French revolutionaries as the conqueror of England. As
England faced the greatest danger it had yet known, Pitt explained the yale = ,
the negotiations and made his historic appeal fer national unity,

He who scruples to apace that in the present moment the government _
of France are acting as much in contradiction to the known wishes of
the French nation, as to the just pretensions and: anxious wishes of the —

 
190 Pitt the Younger: ‘Danger with indelible shame and

disgrace’
AMO a

 

 

 

to cherish, of some future change of circumst
our wishes.

It is a melancholy spectacle, indeed, to see in any country, and on the
ruin of any pretence of liberty however nominal, shallow, or delusive, a
system of tyranny erected, the most galling, the most horrible, the most
undisguised in all its parts and attributes that has stained the page of
history, or disgraced the annals of the world; but it would be much
more unfortunate, if when we see that the same cause catries desolation
through France, which extends disquiet and fermentation through
Europe, it would be worse, indeed, if we attributed to the nation of
France that which is to be attributed only to the unwarranted and
usurped authority which involves them in misery, and would, if unre-
sisted, involve Europe with them in one common ruin and
destruction...
It is a matter of charge against us that we even harbour in our minds
_at this moment a wish to conclude peace upon the terms which we think
admissible with the present rulers of France. I am not one of those who
ean or will join in that sentiment. I have no difficulty in repeating what I
_ Stated before, that in their present spirit, after what they have said, and
_ still more after what they have done, I can entertain little hope of so
desirable an event. I have no hesitation in avowing, for it would be
"idleness and hypocrisy to conceal it, that for the sake of mankind in

_ general, and to gratify those sentiments which can never be eradicated
- from the human heart, I should see with pleasure and satisfaction the

termination of a government whose conduct and whose ofigin is such as
we have seen that of the government of France. But that is not the
object, that ought not to be the principle, of the war, whatever wish I
may entertain in my own heart; and whatever opinion I may think it fair
or manly to avow, I have no difficulty in stating that, violent and odious

as is the character of that government, I verily believe, in the present

_ state of Europe, that if we are not wanting to ourselves, if, by the
blessing of Providence, our perseverance and our resources should

_ enable us to make peace with France upon terms in which we taint not
our character, in which we do not abandon the sources of our wealth,
_ the means of our strength, the defence of what we already possess; if we
- maintain our equal pretensions, and assert that rank which we are
e entitled to hold among nations — the moment peace can be obtained on
_ such terms, be the form of government in France what it may, peace is
_ desirable, peace is then anxiously to be sought. But unless it is attained
on such terms, there is no extremity of war, there is no extremity of e:

Sake
sae ee ,
s a 7

ances more favourable to

 

  

  
Pitt the Younger: ‘Danger with indelible shame and disgrace’ 191
a ee ee Ie CSE AT ee eee int mane tt A a ag tee

honourable contest, that is not preferable to the name and pretence of
peace, which must be in reality a disgraceful capitulation, a base, an
abject surrender of everything that constitutes the pride, the safety, and
happiness of England...

If we look to the whole complexion of this transaction, the duplicity,
the arrogance and the violence which has appeared in the course of the
negotiation, if we take from thence our opinion of its general result, we
shall be justified in our conclusion, not that the people of France, not

_ that the whole government of France, but that that part of the govern-
ment which had too much influence and has now the whole ascendancy,
never was sincere; was determined to accept of no terms of peace but
such as would make it neither durable nor safe, such as could only be
accepted by this country by a surrender of all its interests, and by a
sacrifice of every pretension to the character of a great, a powerful, or an

independent nation.

This, sir, is inference no longer, you have their own open avowal.
You have it stated in the subsequent declaration of France itself, that it
is not against your commerce, it is not against your wealth, it is not
against your possessions in the East or colonies in the West, it is not
against even the source of your maritime greatness, it is not against any —

__of the appendages of your empire, but against the very essence of your —
liberty, against the foundation of your independence, against the citadel
of your happiness, against your constitution itself, that their hostilities
ate directed. They have themselves announced and proclaimed the
proposition, that what they mean to bring with their invading army is
the genius of ‘heir liberty — I desire no other word to express the
subversion of the British constitution, and the substitution of the most. 4
malignant and fatal contrast — and the annihilation of British liberty, and
the obliteration of everything that has rendered you a gteat, a flourishing, _
and a happy people. 2 ES ee

This is what is at issue; for this are we to declare outselves in a

manner that deprecates the rage which our enemy will not dissemble and .
which will be little moved by our entreaty. Under such circumstances,
are we ashamed or afraid to declare, in a firm and manly tone, our
resolution to defend ourselves, or to speak the language of truth with |
the energy that belongs to Englishmen united in such a cause? Sir, Tt dos
not scruple for one to say, if I knew nothing by which I could state to .
myself a probability of the contest terminating in our favour, I would

 

 
192 Pitt the Younger: ‘Danger with indelible shame and disgrace’
antec rmemrernlientesiat  e

 

If 4 could look at this as a dry question of prudence, if ] could
calculate it upon the mere grounds of interest, I would say, if we love
that degree of national power which is necessary for the independence of
the country and its safety; if we regard domestic tranquillity, if we look
at individual enjoyment, from the highest to the meanest among us,
there is not a man, whose stake is so great in the country, that he ought
to hesitate a moment in sacrificing any portion of it to oppose the
violence of the enemy; nor is there, I trust, a man in this happy and free
nation, whose stake is so small, that would not be ready to sacrifice his
life in the same cause. If we look at it with a view to safety, this would
be our conduct; but if we look at it upon the principle of true honour,
of the character which we have to support, of the example which we
have to set to the other nations of Europe, if we view rightly the lot in
which Providence has placed us, and the contrast between ourselves and
all the other countries in Europe, gratitude to that Providence should
inspire us to make every effort in such a cause. There may be danger;
but on the one side there is danger accompanied with honour, on the
_ other side there is danger with indelible shame and disgrace. Upon such
an alternative Englishmen will not hesitate.

I wish to disguise no part of my sentiments upon the grounds on
; Etsicl I put the issue of the contest. I ask whether, up to the principles I
have stated, we are prepared to act. Having done so, my opinion is not
altered; my hopes, however, are animated from the reflection that the
- means of our safety are in our own hands. For there never was a period
~ when we had more to encourage us; in spite of heavy burdens, the
tadical strength of the nation never showed itself more conspicuous; its
revenue never exhibited greater proofs of the wealth of the country. The
same objects, which constitute the blessings we have to fight for, furnish

us with the means of continuing them. But it is not upon that point I

rest it. There is one great resource, which | trust will never abandon us.

It has shone forth in the English character, by which we have preserved

our existence and fame as a nation, which I trust we shall be determined
never to abandon under any extremity, but shall join hand and heart in
the solemn pledge that is proposed to us, and declare to His Majesty,
that we know great exertions ate wanting, that we are prepared to make
them, and at all events determined to stand or fall by the laws, liberties,
and religion of our country.

  
  
  
 
  
  
 

   
Pitt the Younger: “42 implacable spirit of destruction’ 193
oc ag se pee ge

WILLIAM PITT THE YOUNGER
3 February 1800

‘An implacable spirit of destruction’

Only a few weeks after he made himself First Consul, Napoleon offered peace to
England on Christmas Day 1799 but was rebuffed and the war continued. Pitt
derided the overweening ambition of France in this speech to a packed House of
Commons, responding to a plea by Thomas Erskine for peace.

The all-searching eye of the French Revolution looks to every part of
Europe, and every quarter of the world, in which can be found an object
either of acquisition or plunder. Nothing is too great for the temerity of
its ambition, nothing too small or insignificant for the grasp of its
tapacity. From hence Bonaparte and his army proceeded to Egypt. The
attack was made, pretences were held out to the natives of that country
in the name of the French King, whom they had murdered; they
pretended to have the approbation of the grand seignior, whose terri-

tories they were violating; their project was carried on under the profession —

of a zeal for Mahometanism; it was carried on by proclaiming that

France had been reconciled to the Mussulman faith, had abjured that of —
Christianity, or, as he in his impious language termed it, of ‘the sect of the —

Messiah’.

The only plea which they have since held out to colour this atrocious
invasion of a neutral and friendly territory, is, that it was the road to
attack the English power in India. It is most unquestionably true, that
this was one and a principal cause of this unparalleled outrage; but
another, and an equally substantial cause (as appears by their own

statements), was the division and partition of the territories of what they

thought a falling power. It is impossible to dismiss this subject without
observing that this attack against Egypt was accompanied by an attack

upon the British possessions in India, made on true revolutionary
principles. In Europe, the propagation of the principles of France had _
uniformly prepared the way for the progress of its arms. To India, the _

lovers of peace had sent the messengers of Jacobinism, for the purpose _

of inculcating war in those distant regions, on Jacobin principles, and of
forming Jacobin clubs, which they actually succeeded in establishing,

and which in most respects resembled the European model, but which —

 

 

   

 

ey

“

=
%

   
ritt the Younger: “An implacable spirit of destruction’

eS

were distinguished by this peculiarity, that they were required to swear
in one breath, hatred to tyranny, the love of liberty, and the destruction

of all kings and sovereigns — except the good and faithful ally of the
French republic, Citizen Tippoo.

What then was the nature of this system? Was it anything but what |
have stated it to be; an insatiable love of aggrandizement, an implacable
spirit of destruction directed against all the civil and religious institutions
of every country? This is the first moving and acting spirit of the French
Revolution; this is the spirit which animated it at its birth, and this is the
spirit which will not desert it till the moment of its dissolution, ‘which
grew with its growth, which strengthened with its strength’, but which
has not abated under its. misfortunes, not declined in its decay; it has
been invariably the same in every period, operating more or less,

_ according as accident or circumstances might assist; but it has been
inherent in the revolution in all its stages, it has equally belonged to
_ Brissot,, to Robespierre, to T allien, to Reubel, to Barras, and to every
-one of the leaders of the directory, but to none more than to Bonaparte,
now all their powers are united. What are its characters? Can it
be accident that produced them? No, it is only from the alliance of the
most horrid principles with the most horrid means, that such miseries
could have been brought upon Europe. It is this paradox, which we
must always keep in mind when we are discussing any question relative
~ to the effects of the French Revolution. Groaning under every degree of
_ misery, the victim of its own ctimes, and as I once before expressed it in
__ this house, asking pardon of God and of man for the miseries which it
has brought upon itself and others, France still retains (while it has
neither left means of comfort, nor almost of subsistence to its own
_ inhabitants) new and unexampled means of annoyance and destruction
= Agent: all the other powers of Europe. = .
Its first fundamental principle was to bribe ches poor against the rich,

Ss proposing to transfer into new hands, on the delusive notion of
<= - equality, and in breach of every principle of justice, the whole property
_ of the country; the practical application of this principle was to devote
Z the whole of that property to indiscriminate plunder, and to make it the a
= ~ foundation of a revolutionary system of finance, productive in propor-
tion to the misery and desolation which it created. It has been accom-
panied by an unwearied spirit of proselytism, diffusing itself over all the |
- Mations of the earth; a spirit which can apply itself to all cleansers
= aad alt situations, whee can furnish a lise of naeeacees and — out a

 
 
   
 
  
  
   
  

 

 
Fox: ‘Must the bowels of Great Britain be torn out?’ 195

cnn EL TI aT TTR

French liberty with the hope of alike recommending themselves to those
who live under the feudal code of the German empire; to the various states

of Italy, under all their different institutions; to the old republicans of
Holland, and to the new republicans of America; to the Catholic of Ireland,
whom it was to deliver from Protestant usurpation; to the Protestant of
Switzerland, whom it was to deliver from popish superstition; and to the
Mussulman of Egypt, whom it was to deliver from Christian persecution;
to the remote Indian, blindly bigoted to his ancient institutions; and to the
natives of Great Britain, enjoying the perfection of practical freedom, and
justly attached to their constitution, from the joint result of habit, of reason,
and of experience. The last and distinguishing feature is a perfidy, which
nothing can bind, which no tie of treaty, no sense of the principles generally
received among nations, no obligation, human or divine, can restrain. Thus
qualified, thus armed for destruction, the genius of the French Revolution
marched forth, the terror and dismay of the world. Every nation has in
its turn been the witness, many have been the victims of its principles,

and it is left for us to decide, whether we will compromise with such a

danger, while we have yet resources to supply the sinews of war, while

the heart and spirit of the country is yet unbroken, and while we have the
means of calling forth and supporting a powerful cooperation in Europe.

CHARLES JAMES FOX
3 February 1800

“Must the bowels of Great Britain be torn out?’

Fox had determined to put politics behind him and had not been in the Commons for
_ three years. His friends persuaded him that the overture from Napoleon was an
exception to every rule and a popular issue. As Pitt was speaking, members were
surprised to see Fox walk to his seat, where Sheridan and Erskine sat on either side.

Fox was unusually nervous and told friends his speech might be the last he ever
made to Parliament. But he never spoke better in his life, as he ridiculed his great
adversary and made the case for peace.

The speech, made without notes, ended at 3.30 in the morning with this stirring
peroration. )

Sir, what is the question this night? We are called upon to_ support 6 :
ministers i in refusing a frank, candid, and respectful offer of negotiation,

  

 
196 Fox: ‘Must the bowels of Great Britain be torn out?’

SO

and to countenance them in continuing the war. Now. ] would put th

question in another way. Suppose ministers have been inclined to adopt
the line of conduct which they pursued in 1796 and 1797, and that tonight
instead of a question on a war address, it had been an address to His
Majesty to thank him for accepting the overture and for opening 4
negotiation to treat for peace: I ask the gentlemen opposite — | appeal to
the whole 558 representatives of the people — to lay their hands upon their
hearts, and to say whether they would not have cordially voted for such an
address? Would they, or would they not? Yes, sir, if the address had

breathed a spirit of peace your benches would have resounded with
rejoicings, and with praises of a measure that was likely to bring back the
blessings of tranquillity. On the present occasion, then, I ask for the vote
of none but of those who, in the secret confession of their conscience,
admit, at this instant while they hear me, that they would have cheer-

_ fully and heartily voted with the minister for an address directly the
_ ‘teverse of this. If every such gentleman were to vote with me, I should
ex be this night in the greatest majority that ever I had the honour to vote
_ with inthis House.

Sir, we have heard tonight a great many most acrimonious invectives
gait st Bonaparte, against the whole course of his conduct, and against
a \e unprincipled manner in which he seized upon the reins of govern-
| ment. I will not make his defence — I think all this sort of invective,
_ which is used only to inflame the passions of this House and of the
' country, exceeding ill timed and very impolitic — but I say I will not
' make his defence. I am not sufficiently in possession of materials upon
2 which to form an opinion on the character and conduct of this extra-
 otdinary man. Upon his arrival in France he found the government in a
very unsettled state, and the whole affairs of the Republic deranged,
_etippled, and involved. He thought it necessaty to reform the govern-
_ ment; and he did reform it, just in the way in which a military man may
_ be expected to carry on a reform — he seized on the whole authority to
himself. é | eee cee gs | |
It will not be expected from me that I should either approve orf
_ apologize for such an act. I am certainly not for reforming governments
a by such expedients; but how this House can be so violently indignant at
the idea of military despotism is, I own, a little singular, when I see the
composure with which they can observe it nearer home; nay, when I see
them regard it as a frame of government most peculiarly suited to the
exercise of free opinion on a subject the most important of any that se
engage the attention of a people. Was it not the system that WS

3 Ate 5

        
  
 

 

  
 
  
Fox: ‘Must the bowels of Great Britain be torn out?’ 1oF
a

happily and so advantageously established of late all over Ireland; and
which, even now, the government may, at its pleasure, proclaim over
the whole of that kingdom? Are not the persons and property of the
people left in many districts at this moment to the entire will of military
commanders? And is not this held out as peculiarly proper and advan-
tageous at a time when the people of Ireland are free, and with unbiased
judgement, to discuss the most interesting question of a legislative
union? Notwithstanding the existence of martial law, so far do we
think Ireland from being enslaved that we think it precisely the period
and the circumstances under which she may best declare her free
opinion! Now really, sir, I cannot think that gentlemen who talk in this
way about Ireland can, with a good grace, rail at military despotism
in France.

But, it seems, ‘Bonaparte has broken his oaths. He has violated his oath
of fidelity to the Constitution of the year 3.’ Sir, I am not one of those
who think that any such oaths ought ever to be exacted. They are seldom
or ever of any effect; and I am not for sporting with a thing so sacred as an
oath. I think it would be good to lay aside all such oaths. Whoever heard

that, in revolutions, the oath of fidelity to the former government was

ever regarded; or even when violated that it was imputed to the persons
as a crime? In times of revolution, men who take up arms are called rebels

— if they fail, they are adjudged to be traitors. But who ever heard before —

of their being perjured? |

On the restoration of Charles II, those who had taken up arms for the
Commonwealth were stigmatized as rebels and traitors, but not as men
foresworn. Was the Earl of Devonshire charged with being perjured on
account of the allegiance he had sworn to the house of Stuart and the
part he took in those struggles which preceded and brought about the
Revolution? The violation of oaths of allegiance was never imputed to
the people of England, and will never be imputed to any people. But
who brings up the question of oaths? He who strives to make twenty-
four millions of persons violate the oaths they have taken to their
present Constitution, and who desites to re-establish the house of

Bourbon by such violation of their vows. I put it so, sit; because, if the

question of oaths be of the least consequence, it is equal on both sides.
He who desires the whole people of France to perjure themselves, and

 

‘gaat ad See

_ who hopes for success in his project only upon their doing so, surely |

cannot make it a charge against Bonaparte that he has done the same . . .

It is not the interest of Bonaparte,’ it seems, ‘sincerely to enter into a

hegotiation, or, if he should even make peace, sincerely to keep it.’ But

 

re

ae

a
Q
: aw

¥
199 Soe 2 ee eee
f YS Fox: ‘Must the bowels of Great Britain be torn out?’

eee ee pittiahlptenean ce apne apctig tn sig
a

how are we to decide upon his sincerity? By refusing to treat with him?
Surely, if we mean to discover his sincerity, we ought to hear és
propositions which he desires to make. ‘But peace would be unfriendly to
his system of military despotism.’ Sir, I hear a great deal about the short-
lived nature of military despotism. I wish the history of the world would
bear gentlemen out in this description of military despotism. Was not the
government erected by Augustus Caesar a military despotism? and yet it
endured for six hundred or seven hundred years. Military despotism,
unfortunately, is too likely in its nature to be permanent, and it is not true
that it depends on the life of the first usurper. Though half the Roman
emperors were murdered, yet the military despotism went on; and so it
would be, I feat, in France. If Bonaparte should disappear from the scene,
to make room, perhaps, for a Berthier, or any other general, what
difference would that make in the quality of French despotism or in our
relation to the country? We may as safely treat with a Bonaparte or with
any of his successors, be they who they may, as we could with a Louis XVI,
a Louis XVII, or a Louis XVIII. There is no difference but in the name.
_ Where the power essentially resides, thither we ought to go for peace.
. But, sir, if we are to reason on the fact, I should think that it is the
interest of Bonaparte to make peace. A lover of military glory, as that
general must necessarily be, may he not think that his measure of glory is
_ full — that it may be tarnished by a reverse of fortune, and can hardly be
_ increased by any new laurels? He must feel that, in the situation to which he
_ is now raised, he can no longer depend on his own fortune, his own genius,
and his own talents for a continuance of his success; he must be under the
necessity of employing other generals, whose misconduct or incapacity
might endanger his power, or whose triumphs even might affect the
interest which he holds in the opinion of the French. Peace, then, would
secure to him what he has achieved, and fix the inconstancy of fortune. But
this will not be his only motive.
He must see that France also requires a respite — a breathing interval
to recruit her wasted strength. To procure her this respite would be,
perhaps, the attainment of more solid glory, as well as the means of
acquiring more solid power, than anything which he can hope to gain
_ from arms and from the proudest triumphs. May he not then be zealous to
gain this fame, the only species of fame, perhaps, that is worth acquiring?
_ Nay, granting that his soul may still burn with the thirst of military
_ exploits, is it not likely that he is earnestly disposed to yield to the feel- _
_ ings of the French people, and to consolidate his power by consulting their _
_ interests? I have a right to argue in this way, when of his insincerity are

   
 
  

   
Fox: ‘Must the bowels of Great Britain be torn out?’ 199
Ce neeneeaneneeeeee ane ae

reasoned upon on the other side. Sir, these aspersions are, in truth,
always idle, and even mischievous. I have been too long accustomed to
hear imputations and calumnies thrown out upon great and honourable
characters to be much influenced by them...

Sir, I wish the atrocities of which we hear so much, and which I abhor
as much as any man, were indeed unexampled. I fear that they do not
belong exclusively to the French. When the right honourable gentleman
speaks of the extraordinary successes of the last campaign, he does not
mention the horrors by which some of those successes were accompanied.
Naples, for instance, has been, among others, what is called ‘delivered’;
and yet, if I am rightly informed, it has been stained and polluted by
mutders so ferocious, and by cruelties of every kind so abhorrent, that the
heart shudders at the recital. It has been said, not only that the miserable
victims of the rage and brutality of the fanatics were savagely murdered,
but that, in many instances, their flesh was eaten and devoured by the
cannibals who are the advocates and the instruments of social order! Nay,
England is not totally exempt from reproach, if the rumours which are
circulated be true. I will mention a fact to give ministers the opportunity,
if it be false, of wiping away the stain that it must otherwise fix on the
British name. It is said that a party of the republican inhabitants of Naples
took shelter in the fortress of the Castel de Uova. They were besieged by a
detachment from the royal army, to whom they refused to surrender; but
_ demanded that a British officer should be brought forward, and to him
they capitulated. They made terms with him under the sanction of the
British name. It was agreed that their persons and property should be safe,
and that they should be conveyed to Toulon. They were accordingly put
on board a vessel; but before they sailed their property was confiscated,
numbers of them taken out, thrown into dungeons, and some of them, I
understand, notwithstanding the British guarantee, actually executed.

Where then, sir, is this war, which on every side is pregnant with such
horrors, to be carried? Where is it to stop? Not till you establish the
house of Bourbon! And this you cherish the hope of doing, because you _
have had a successful campaign. Why, sir, before this you have had a _

successful campaign. The situation of the allies, with all they have
gained, is surely not to be compared now to what it was when you had
taken Valenciennes, Quesnoy, Condé, etc., which induced some gentle- —
men in this House to prepare themselves for a match to Paris, With all _
that you have gained, you surely will not say that the prospect is brighter
now than it was then, What have you gained but the recovery of a part
of what you before lost? One campaign is successful to you — another to

 

    
 
  

 

   
200 Fox: ‘Mast the bowels of Great Britain be torn out?’
ee ge ee a a rel ee

them; and in this way, animated by the vindictive passions of revenge,
hatred, and rancour, which are infinitely more flagitious even than those
of ambition and the thirst of power, you may go on forever; as, with
such black incentives, I see no end to human misery. And all this
without an intelligible motive, all this because you may gain a better
peace a year or two hence! So that we are called upon to go on merely as
a speculation. We must keep Bonaparte for some time longer at war as a
state of probation. Gracious God, sir, is war a state of probation? Is
peace a tash system? Is it dangerous for nations to live in amity with
each other? Is your vigilance, your policy, your common powers of
observation, to be extinguished by putting an end to the horrors of war?
Cannot this state of probation be as well undergone without adding to
the catalogue of human sufferings? ‘But we must pause!’ What! must the
bowels of Great Britain be torn out — her best blood be spilt — her
treasure wasted — that you may make an experiment? Put yourselves —
oh! that you would put yourselves — in the field of battle, and learn to
judge of the sort of horrors that you excite. In former wars a man might
at least have some feeling, some interest, that served to balance in his
mind the impressions which a scene of carnage and of death must inflict.
If a man had been present at the Battle of Blenheim, for instance, and
_ had inquired the motive of the battle, there was not a soldier engaged
who could not have satisfied his curiosity, and even perhaps allayed his
_ feelings — they were fighting to pepsese the uncontrolled ambition of the
_ grand monarque. :
But if a man were present now at a field of slaughter, and were to
inquire for what they were fighting — ‘Fighting!’ would be the answer;
‘they are not fighting, they are pausing.’ ‘Why is that man expiring?
Why is that other writhing with agony? What means this implacable
fury?’ The answer must be, “You are quite wrong, sir; you deceive
yourself — they are not fighting — do not disturb them — they are merely
_ pausing! — this man is not expiring with agony — that man is not dead —
he is only pausing! Lord help you, sir! they ate not angry with one
another; they have now no cause of quarrel — but their country thinks
that there should be a pause. All that you see, sir, is nothing like _
Ss _ fighting — there is no harm, nor cruelty, nor bloodshed in it whatever ~ _ |
it is nothing more than a political pause! — it is merely to try an
_ experiment — to see whether Bonaparte will not behave himself better — :
than heretofore; and in the meantime we have agreed to a pause, in pure
aes friendship!’ And is this the way, sit, that you are to show yourselves the
os advocates of order? You take up a system calculated to uncivilize the

 

 

     
  
en

_ Support tonight who would have voted against ministers, if they had

 

Fox: ‘Must the bowels of Great Britain be torn out? 201
AR a nen oa een iia tia Ms anne ie in ea

world, to destroy order, to trample on religion, to stifle in the heart, not
merely the generosity of noble sentiment, but the affections of social

nature; and in the prosecution of this system you spread terror and
devastation all around you.

Sit, I have done. I have told you my opinion. I think you ought to have
given a civil, clear, and explicit answer to the overture which was fairly and
handsomely made you. If you were desirous that the negotiation should
have included all your allies, as the means of bringing about a general
peace, you should have told Bonaparte so; but I believe you were afraid of
his agreeing to the proposal. You took that method before. ‘Ay, but,’ you
say, ‘the people were anxious for peace in 1797.’ I say they are friends to
peace now; and I am confident that you will one day own it. Believe me,
they are friends to peace; although, by the laws which you have made
restraining the expression of the sense of the people, public opinion cannot
now be heard as loudly and unequivocally as heretofore. But I will not go
into the internal state of this country. It is too afflicting to the heart to see
the strides which have been made by means of, and under the miserable
pretext of, this war against liberty of every kind, both of speech and of
writing; and to observe in another kingdom the rapid approaches to that
military despotism which we affect to make an argument against peace. I
know, sir, that public opinion, if it could be collected, would be for peace
as much now as in 1797, and I know that it is only by public opinion — not
by a sense of their duty — not by the inclination of their minds — that
ministers will be brought, if ever, to give us peace. __

I conclude, sir, with repeating what I said before: I ask for no
gentleman’s vote who would have teprobated the compliance of ministers
with the proposition of the French government; I ask for no gentleman’s

  
 
 
 
  
      
   
 
  

come down and proposed to enter into a negotiation with the French;
but I have a right to ask — I know that, in honour, in consistency, in-
conscience, I have a right to expect the vote of every gentleman who
would have voted with ministers in an address to his Majesty dia-
metrically opposite to the motion of this night. So

 
 
    
  
 

    

 
  

es

 
 

202 ‘Pitt the Younger: ‘Europe is not to be saved by any single man’

 

WILLIAM PITT THE YOUNGER
9 November 1805

‘Europe is not to be saved by any single man’

A fortnight after Nelson's victory at the Battle of Trafalgar, the Lord Mayor’s
annual banquet was held in London. Piti’s health was drunk as the saviour of
Exrope. The ailing Prime Minister, who died ten weeks later, responded with a
short speech that the British statesman Lord Curzon ranked with Abraham
Lincoln’s Gettysburg address and second inaugural as one of the three greatest
speeches in the English language. ‘Pitt's speech occupied only a few seconds in
delivery, Lincoln's less than three minutes,’ he said in the 1913 Rede Lecture at
Cambridge, ‘yet where are the world- famed pages, the crowded hours of rhetoric,
compared with these?”

I return you many thanks for the honour you have done me; but Europe

is not to be saved by any single man. England has saved herself by her
exertions, and will, as I trust, save Europe by her example.

   
 
 

GEORGE WASHINGTON
23 December 1783

‘l retire from the great theatre of action’

Once the rearguard of the British troops had evacuated New York, George
Washington was determined to leave for home. He had a last meeting with his
officers at Fraunces’ Tavern. At a ball given in bis honour at Annapolis on 22
December, Washington danced every set so that all the ladies could dance with him.

He addressed Congress the next day and submitted his resignation in a dignified
and eloquent short speech.

The great events on which my resignation depended having at length

taken place; I have now the honor of offering my sincere congratulations

to Congress and of presenting myself before them to surrender into their

hands the trust committed to me, and to claim the indulgence of retiring
' from the service of my country.

Happy in the confirmation of our independence and sovereignty, and
pleased with the opportunity afforded the United States of becoming a
respectable nation, I resign with satisfaction the appointment I accepted
with diffidence. A diffidence in my abilities to accomplish so arduous a

task, which however was superseded by a confidence in the rectitude of

our cause, the support of the supreme Power of the Union, and the
patronage of Heaven.

The successful termination of the war has verified the most sanguine
expectations, and my gratitude for the interposition of Providence, and
the assistance I have received from my countrymen, increases with every
review of the momentous contest. = |

While I repeat my obligations to the army in general, I should do
injustice to my own feelings not to acknowledge in this place the

_ peculiar services and distinguished merits of the gentlemen who have ~
_ been attached to my person during the war. It was impossible the choice
of confidential officers to compose my family should have been more
fortunate. Permit me sir, to recommend in particular those, who have
continued in service to the present moment, as worthy of the favorable _
‘Notice and patronage of Congress. — ‘. i
I consider it an indispensable duty to close this last solemn act of my |

official life, by commending the interests of our dearest country to the 2

 

  
 

206 Washington: ‘Observe good faith and justice towards all nations’
ae gee ae a ae ae ee er ee ea ee

protection of Almighty God, and those who have the superintendence
of them, to his holy keeping.

Having now finished the work assigned me, I retire from the great
theatre of action; and bidding an affectionate farewell to this august
body under whose orders I have so long acted, I here offer my
commission, and take my leave of all the employments of public life.

GEORGE WASHINGTON
17 September 1796

‘Observe good faith and justice towards all nations’

As. he approached the ad of his second term as president in 1796, George
Washington (1732-99), after forty-five years of public service, was mentally and
physically exhausted and tired of the personal attacks on him. His thoughts turned
to retirement and he conceived the idea of bequeathing to Americans a legacy of the
ideas that inspired him. Several hands helped to draft the farewell address —
including A lexander Hamilton and James Madison — but he went over it carefully
ey Cae ae

_ The address, Washington’ s last political Bil and testament, warns against the

= growth of party factionalism and becoming embroiled in foreign quarrels. Nations
_ must in the end depend on themselves alone — the lesson of all revolutions.

4 Friends and fellow-citizens: the petiod for a new election of a citizen
to administer the executive government of the United States being
mot far distant, and the time actually arrived when your thoughts

must be employed _ in designating the person who is to be clothed
with that important trust, it appears to me proper, especially as it may
_conduce to a more distinct expression of the public voice, that I

a should now apprise you of the resolution I have formed, to decline

 

being considered among the number of those out of whom a choice is
to be made. — |

Sent beg-you,-at the same time, to do me ie justice to be assured that
= cds resolution has not been taken without a strict regard to all the

considerations appertaining to the relation which binds a dutiful citizen

to his country; and that in withdrawing the tender of service which — e
Silence, in my situation, might imply, I am influenced by no diminution
of zeal for your future interest, no deficiency of grateful respect for y = es

  
  
Washington: ‘Observe good faith and justice towards all nations’ 207
ee ae ee ere tera nec e a  e

past kindness, but am supported by a full conviction that the step is |
compatible with both.

The acceptance of, and continuance hitherto, in the office to which
your suffrages have twice called me, have been a uniform sacrifice of
inclination to the opinion of duty, and to a deference for what appeared
to be your desire. I constantly hoped that it would have been much
earlier in my power, consistently with motives which I was not at liberty
to disregard, to return to that retirement from which I had been
reluctantly drawn. The strength of my inclination to do this, previous to
the last election, had even led to the preparation of an address, to declare
it to you; but mature reflection on the then perplexed and critical
posture of our affairs with foreign nations, and the unanimous advice of
persons entitled to my confidence, impelled me to abandon the idea.

I rejoice that the state of your concerns, external as well as internal,
no longer renders the pursuit of inclination incompatible with the
sentiment of duty or propriety, and am persuaded, whatever partiality
may be retained for my services, that in the present circumstances of our
country, you will not disapprove of my determination to retire. . .

Here, perhaps, I ought to stop. But a solicitude for your welfare,
which cannot end but with my life, and the apprehension of danger,
natural to that solicitude, urge me, on an occasion like the present, to |
offer to your solemn contemplation, and to recommend to your frequent |
review, some sentiments, which are the result of much reflection, of no
inconsiderable observation, and which appear to me all-important to the
permanency of your felicity as a people. These will be offered to you
with the more freedom, as you can only see in them the disinterested
warnings of a parting friend, who can possibly have no personal motive
to bias his counsel. Nor can I forget, as an encouragement to it, your
indulgent reception of my sentiments on a former and not dissimilar _

 

- occasion.

Interwoven as is the love of liberty with every ligament of your
hearts, no recommendation of mine is necessary to fortify or confirm the
attachment. — So | |
_ The unity of government which constitutes you one people is also
now dear to you. It is justly so, for it is a main pillar in the edifice of
your real independence, the support of your tranquility at home, your
peace abroad, of your safety, of your prosperity, of that very liberty —
which you so highly prize. But as it is easy to foresee, that from different _ 2
causes and from different quarters, much pains will be taken, many
artifices employed, to weaken in your minds the conviction of this truth; © Gg

     
208 Washington: ‘Observe good faith and justice towards all nations’
a a

as this is the point in your political fortress against which the batteries of
internal and external enemies will be most constantly and actively
(though often covertly and insidiously) directed, it is of infinite moment
that you should properly estimate the immense value of your national
union, to your collective and individual happiness; that you should
cherish a cordial, habitual, and immovable attachment to it; accustoming
yourselves to think and speak of it as of the palladium of your political
safety and prosperity, watching for its preservation with jealous anxiety;
discountenancing whatever may suggest even a suspicion that it can in any
event be abandoned; and indignantly frowning upon the first dawning of
every attempt to alienate any portion of our country from the rest, or to
enfeeble the sacred ties which now link together the various parts.

_ For this you have every inducement of sympathy and interest. Citizens,
by birth or choice, of a common country, that country has a right to

concentrate your affections. The name of American, which belongs to
_you in your national capacity, must always exalt the just pride of
_ patriotism more than any appellation derived from local discriminations.

With slight shades of difference, you have the same religion, manners,
habits and political principles. You have, in a common cause, fought and

triumphed together; the independence and liberty you possess are the

 

 

_- work of joint councils and joint efforts, of common dangers, sufferings,
» and successes.

But these considerations, however powerfully they address themselves

_ to your sensibility, are greatly outweighed by those which apply more
_ immediately to your interest. Here every portion of our country finds
_ the most commanding motives for carefully guarding and preserving the
_ union of the whole .. 3

_ Let me now warn you, in the most solemn manner, against the

: E baneful effects of the spirit of party, generally.

‘This spirit, unfortunately, is inseparable from our nature, having its
root in the strongest passions of the human mind. It exists under

_ different shapes, in all governments, more or less stifled, controlled, or
_ repressed. But in those of the popular sore, it is seen in its a
> TAERESS,; and is truly their worst enemy. |

The alternate domination of one sacian over another, sharpened by —

. tip spirit of revenge, natural to party dissensions, which, in different”
_ ages and countries, has perpetrated the most horrid enormities, is itself a
= frightful despotism. But this leads, at length, to a more formal ps
ee eee The disorders and miserice, which sata eas

  
Washington: ‘Observe good faith and justice towards all nations’ 209
a aa RR ol ae en al ng a ee de

power of an individual; and sooner of later, the chief of some prevailing
faction, more able or more fortunate than his competitors, turns this
disposition to the purposes of his own elevation on the ruins of public
liberty...

There is an opinion, that parties, in free countries, are useful checks
upon the administration of the government, and serve to keep alive the
spirit of liberty. This, within certain limits, is probably true; and, in
governments of a monarchical cast, patriotism may look with indulgence,
if not with favor, upon the spirit of party. But in those of popular
character, in governments purely elective, it is a spirit not to be
encouraged. From their natural tendency, it is certain there will always
be enough of that spirit for every salutary purpose. And there being
constant danger of excess, the effort ought to be, by force of public
opinion, to mitigate and assuage it. A fire not to be quenched, it
demands a uniform vigilance to prevent its bursting into a flame, lest,
instead of warming, it should consume...

Observe good faith and justice towards all nations; cultivate peace and
harmony with all; religion and morality enjoin this conduct; and can it
be that good policy does not equally enjoin it? It will be worthy of a
free, enlightened, and, at no distant period, a great nation, to give to
mankind the magnanimous and too novel example of a people always
guided by an exalted justice and benevolence. Who can doubt that, in
the course of time and things, the fruits of such a plan would richly
repay any temporary advantages that might be lost by a steady adherence

- to it? Can it be, that Providence has not connected the permanent felicity
of a nation with its virtue? The experiment, at least, is recommended 2
by every sentiment which ennobles human nature. Alas! is it rendered

_ impossible by its vices? _ SSeS: : ==

In the execution of such a plan, nothing is more essential than that
permanent, inveterate antipathies against particular nations, and passion- _

ate attachments for others, should be excluded; and that in place of 4

them, just and amicable feelings towards all should be cultivated. The _

_ nation, which indulges towards another an habitual hatred, or an habitual _

_ fondness, is in some degree a slave. It is a slave to its animosity or to its — 4

_ affection, either of which is sufficient to lead it astray from its duty and —

__ its interest. Antipathy in one nation against another, disposes each more

_ feadily to offer insult and injury, to lay hold of slight causes of umbrage
and to be haughty and intractable, when accidental or trifling occasion

_of dispute occur. . :

_ Hence frequent collisions, obstinate, envenomed, and bloody contests

 

te eae Ek

   
  
  
 
   
  

   
 
 
 

, ¢

 
210 Washington: ‘Observe good faith and justice towards all nations’
Sg ae re tee rst

The nation, prompted by ill-will and resentment, sometimes impels to
war the government, contrary to the best calculations of policy. The
government sometimes participates in the national propensity, and adopts
through passion what reason would reject; at other times, it makes the
animosity of the nation subservient to projects of hostility instigated by
pride, ambition and other sinister and pernicious motives. The peace
often, and sometimes, perhaps, the liberty of nations, has been the
victim.

So, likewise, a passionate attachment of one nation for another
produces a variety of evils. Sympathy for the favorite nation facilitating
the illusion of an imaginary common interest in cases where no real
common interest exists, and infusing into one the enmities of the other,
betrays the former into a participation in the quarrels and wars of the
latter, without adequate inducement or justification. It leads also to
concessions to the favorite nation of privileges denied to others, which
is apt doubly to injure the nation making the concessions; by unneces-
sarily parting with what ought to have been retained; and by exciting
jealousy, ill-will, and a disposition to retaliate, in the parties from whom
~ equal privileges are withheld; and it gives to ambitious, corrupted, or
_ deluded citizens (who devote themselves to the favorite nation) facility

2 Et: betray, or sacrifice the interests of their own country, without odium,

 

sometimes even with popularity; gilding, with the appearances of a
virtuous sense of obligation, a commendable deference for public opin-
— ion, or laudable zeal for public good, the base or foolish compliances of
- ambition, corruption, or infatuation .

Against the insidious wiles of foreign influence (I conjure you to
believe me, fellow-citizens), the jealousy of a free people ought to be
constantly awake; since history and experience prove, that foreign influ-
ence is one of the most baneful foes of republican government. But
that jealousy, to be useful must be impartial; else it becomes the
instrument of the very influence to be avoided, instead of a defence
against it. Excessive partiality for one foreign nation, and excessive
dislike of another, cause those whom they actuate, to see danger only

on one side; and_serve to veil and even second the arts of influence on
_ the other, Real patriots, who may tesist the intrigues of the favorite,

 

  

ate liable to become suspected and odious; while its tools and dupes
usurp the applause and confidence of the people, to surrender their
_ interests. )

_ The great rule of conduct for us, in regard to foreign nations is, in —
ieteistng our commercial relations, to have with them as little political —

    
Washington: ‘Observe good faith and justice towards all nations’ Z4f
ee

connection as possible. So far as we have already formed engagements,
let them be fulfilled with perfect good faith. Here let us stop.

Europe has a set of primary interests, which to us have none, or a
very remote relation. Hence she must be engaged in frequent contro-
versies, the causes of which are essentially foreign to our concerns.
Hence, therefore, it must be unwise in us to implicate ourselves, by
artificial ties, in the ordinary vicissitudes of her politics, or the ordinary
combinations and collisions of her friendships and enmities.

Our detached and distant situation invites and enables us to pursue a
different course. If we remain one people, under an efficient government,
the period is not far off when we may defy material injury from external
annoyance; when we may take such an attitude as will cause the
neutrality we may at any time resolve upon, to be scrupulously respected;
when belligerent nations, under the impossibility of making acquisitions
upon us, will not lightly hazard the giving us provocation; when we

may choose peace or war, as our interest, guided by justice, shall
counsel. | 7

Why forgo the advantages of so peculiar a situation? Why quit our
own, to stand upon foreign ground? Why, by interweaving our destiny
with that of any part of Europe, entangle our peace and prosperity in
the toils of European ambition, rivalship, interest, humor, or caprice?

“Tis our true policy to steer clear of permanent alliances with any —
portion of the foreign world; so far, I mean, as we are now at liberty to
do it; for let me not be understood as capable of patronizing infidelity to
existing engagements. I hold the maximum no less applicable to public
than to private affairs, that honesty is always the best policy. I repeat it,
therefore, let those engagements be observed in their genuine sense. But, _
in my opinion, it is unnecessary, and would be unwise, to extend them.

Taking care always to keep ourselves, by suitable establishments, in a 4
respectable defensive posture, we may safely trust to temporary alliances _

 
   
 
 
    
   
 
  
 
   
   
  

for extraordinary emergencies. See

Harmony, and a liberal intercourse with all nations, are recommended -
by policy, humanity, and interest. But even our commercial policy
should hold an equal and impartial hand; neither seeking not granting
exclusive favors or preferences; consulting the natural course of thir
diffusing and diversifying, by gentle means, the streams of comme
but forcing nothing; establishing, with powers so disposed, in o
8ive trade a stable course, to define the rights of our merchants, ;
enable the government to support them, conventional rules of inte
course, the best that present circumstances and mutual opinion v

 
 

212 Washington: ‘Observe good faith and justice towards all nations’

ei ee

 

 

permit, but temporary, and liable to be, from time to time, abandoned or
varied, as experience and circumstances shall dictate: constantly keeping
in view, that it is folly in one nation to look for disinterested favors
from another; that it must pay, with a portion of its independence, for
whatever it may accept under that character; that, by such acceptance, it
may place itself in the condition of having given equivalents for nominal
favors, and yet of being reproached with ingratitude for not giving
more. There can be no greater error than to expect to calculate upon real
favors from nation to nation. It is an illusion, which experience must
cure, which a just pride ought to discard...
_ Though, in reviewing the incidents of my administration, I am
unconscious of intentional error, I am, nevertheless, too sensible of my
defects, not to think it probable that I may have committed many errors.
_ Whatever they may be, I fervently beseech the Almighty to avert or
_ mitigate the evils to which they may tend. I shall also carry with me the
hope that my country will never cease to view them with indulgence,
and that after forty-five years of my life dedicated to its service, with an

upright zeal, the faults of incompetent abilities will be consigned to
oblivion, as myself must soon be to the mansions of rest.

Relying on its kindness in this, as in other things, and actuated by that
_ fervent love towards it, which is so natural to a man who views in it the
native soil of himself and his progenitors for several generations, |
- anticipate, with pleasing expectations, that retreat in which I promise
myself to realize, without alloy, the sweet enjoyment of partaking, in the
midst of my fellow-citizens, the benign influence of good laws under a
free government — the ever favorite object of my heart, and the happy
reward, as I trust, of our mutual cares, labors, and dangers.

 

> Weabiagion 5 Poruel! A ddress is read in Senate and the House of Representatives
at noon on each 22 February as a tribute to him and a reminder of bis beliefs.

;

 
a a a a el

GOUVERNEUR MORRIS
1800

‘Tl am an_A merican’

As a member of the Pennsylvania delegation led by Benjamin Franklin, Gouverneur
Morris (1752-1816) was one of the most forceful participants at the Constitu-
tional Convention at Philadelphia in 1787, which drafted the Constitution of the
United States. He spoke against slavery and life tenure for the President and led
the committee of style which cast the agreed points into plain but eloquent language.

When he made this speech, he had just become a senator. We join him when he
starts to define the true source and principle of national greatness.

I feel but too well that in venturing to discuss the subject of national
greatness I must fall short of the ideas in your minds and disappoint
your expectations. Instead of irradiating with the light of genius, I must
take the more humble course of investigation and pega by inquiring —
what is national greatness. |
Does it consist in numbers, wealth, or extent of territory? Certainly mes
not. Swollen with the pride inspired by such circumstances, the Persians
addressed their master as the Great King, but Darius felt in tepeated _
discomfiture the superiority of a great nation led by Alexander. We see
in out day a prince who may boast that the sun never sets on his
domain, yet his authority superseded in his ports and insulted in his
capital, it would seem as if his territory were extended around the globe
_ only to display before all the world his ignominious condition. Such is
the state of that proud monarchy which once menaced the liberties of
Europe. But who trembles now at the name of Spain? There is none so _
abject. Nay, should there exist a government in which fear is the
incutable disease, no paroxysm would be excited by the menace of
Spain. To the wise a word is sufficient, and therefore it will be needless _
before this audience to prove that a nation small like Greece may rise |
to the heights of national greatness while littleness shall mark every

public act of a numerous people. And equally needless must it be to

_ €xpress what you cannot but feel: that in Proportion to the high esteem, — :

tespect, and admiration with which we view the splendor of Greece in —
the day of her glory is our profound contempt for those who presiding
over a eee people shall tamaety submit to the ae repetition —

  
+
214 Morris: ‘I am an_A merican’
Se

 

of indignities from all who through interest or for sport may plunder
and insult them. These are feelings so natural that to disguise them
would be vain, to suppress them impossible. I could indeed, were | to
indulge a licentious imagination, suppose a number of men who without
national spirit or sentiment shall presume to call themselves a nation — }

can suppose a herd of piddling huckstering individuals base and
lgsensible®,

Let us pause. Perhaps there never was a society of men so completely

void of virtue. But between them and the brave band at Thermopylae
gradations are infinite.

Perhaps it may be asked if genius and excellence in the arts constitute
national greatness. To this question the answer must be given with
caution and not without some modification. The ages of Pericles, of
Augustus, and of Louis XIV were indeed ages of splendor. They were
unquestionably the evidence, but I must venture to believe they were the
result, not the cause of national greatness. A nation truly great cannot
but excel in arts as well as in arms. And as a great mind stamps with its

Own impression the most common arts, so national greatness will show
___ itself alike in the councils of policy, in the works of genius, in monuments
of magnificence and deeds of glory. All these are the fruits, but they are
. not the tree. 3
Here I anticipate the general and the generous question: does it not
consist in liberty? That liberty is a kind and fostering nurse of greatness
_ will be cheerfully and cordially admitted, but as we have seen national
greatness where there was no freedom, so we have seen free nations
E where baseness rather than greatness constituted the national character.
' The intrepidity of the Swiss troops is generally known and acknow-
ledged. In a contest for freedom with the duke of Burgundy the nation
was great and covered itself with glory, but, alas, how changed, how
fallen when distributing stipendiary aid to hostile hosts. Their valor was
arrayed against itself, and brothers fell by the swords of brothers. They
became at length the proverbial examples of mercenary disposition. And
then neither liberty no[r] discipline nor courage rescued Helvetian fame
from the charge of baseness. |
_ Thus, then, we have seen that a people may be numerous, powerful,
wealthy, free, brave, and inured to war without being great, and by
teflecting on the reason why a combination of those qualities and
circumstances will not alone suffice we are close to the true source and
principle of national greatness. as | | oF

   

 

It is in the national spirit. It is in that high, haughty, generous, and :

4

  
Morris: ‘I am an_A merican’ = Oge
ee a ee ea eral erg Rati Gira loa oe

noble spirit which prizes glory more than wealth and holds honor dearer
than life. It is that spirit, the inspiring soul of heroes, which raises men
above the level of humanity. It is present with us when we read the
story of ancient Rome. It swells our bosoms at the view of her gigantic
deeds and makes us feel that we must ever be irresistible while human
nature shall remain unchanged. I have called it a high, haughty, generous,
and noble spirit. It is high — elevated above all low and vulgar considera-
tions. It is haughty — despising whatever is little and mean, whether in
character, council, or conduct. It is generous — granting freely to the
weak and to the indigent protection and support. It is noble — dreading
shame and dishonor as the greatest evil, esteeming fame and glory
beyond all things human. |

When this spirit prevails, the government, whatever its form, will be
wise and energetic because such government alone will be borne by such —
men. And such a government, seeking the true interest of those over —
whom they preside, will find it in the establishment of a national |
character becoming the spirit by which the nation is inspired. Foreign
powers will then know that to withhold a due respect and deference is
dangerous, that wrongs may be forgiven but that insults will be avenged.
As a necessary result every member of the society bears with him
everywhere full protection, and when he appears his frm and manly _
port mark him of a superior order in the race of man. The dignity of
sentiment which he has inhaled with his native air gives to his manner
an ease superior to the politeness of courts and a grace unrivaled by the

imajesty of kings 2 == 2S :

These are blessings which march in the train of national greatness and
come on the pinions of youthful hope. I anticipate the day when to
- command respect in the remotest regions it will be sufficient to say, ‘I
am an American.’ Our flag shall then wave in glory over the ocean and
our commerce feel no restraint but what our own government may:
impose. Happy, thtice happy day. Thank God, to reach this envied state
we need only to will. Yes, my countrymen, our destiny depends on our.
will. But if we would stand high on the record of time, that will must be
_ inflexible. eS

 
216 Jefferson: ‘Equal and exact justice to all men’

THOMAS JEFFERSON
4 March 1801

‘Equal and exact justice to all men’

In the 1800 presidential election, Thomas Jefferson (1743-1826) and Aaron
Burr each received 73 electoral votes, defeating John Adams, the second president.
Jefferson, who drafted the Declaration of Independence, emerged as president only
after thirty hours of debate and balloting in the House of Representatives.
He was the first to occupy the White House (only half finished when he was
inaugurated) in the new capital city of Washington.
_ Adams made federalist nominations to official positions (including John
Marshall as Chief Justice) up to midnight on 3 March and then rode out
of Washington to avoid the humiliation of greeting his successor.
__ Scorning the pageantry that conflicted with his democratic principles, Jefferson
rode to bis inauguration on horseback in plain clothes, without attendants, tied up his
horse, walked into the new Senate chamber, took the oath of office from Marshall,
his cousin and enemy, and delivered his inaugural address — one of the four or five
| greatest an American president has ever delivered.

   
   

3 During the contest of opinion through which we have passed the
| animation of discussions and of exertions has sometimes worn an aspect
| which might impose on strangers unused to think freely and to speak
_ and to write what they think; but this being now decided by the voice of _
| the nation, announced according to the rules of the Constitution, all
e will, of course, arrange themselves under the will of the law, and unite
in common efforts for the common good. All, too, will bear in mind
~ this sacred principle, that though the will of the majority is in all cases to
_ prevail, that will to be rightful must be reasonable; that the minority
possess their equal rights, which equal law must protect, and to violate
_ would be oppression. Let us, then, fellow-citizens, unite with one heart
and one mind. Let us restore to social intercourse that harmony and
___ affection without which liberty and even life itself are but dreary things.
_ And let us reflect that, having banished from out land that religious —

intolerance under which mankind so long bled and suffered, we have yet

gained little if we countenance a political intolerance as despotic, as
8 wicked, and capable of as bitter and bloody persecutions. During the

       
Jefferson: ‘Equal and exact justice to all men’ 217
Se a ee

 

spasms of infuriated man, seeking through blood and slaughter his long-
lost liberty, it was not wonderful that the agitation of the billows should

reach even this distant and peaceful shore; that this should be more felt
and feared by some and less by others, and should divide Opinions as to
measures of safety. But every difference of Opinion is not a difference of
principle. We have called by different names brethren of the same
principle. We are all Republicans, we are all Federalists. If there be any
among us who would wish to dissolve this Union or to change its
republican form, let them stand undisturbed as monuments of the safety
with which error of opinion may be tolerated where reason is left free to
combat it. I know, indeed, that some honest men fear that a republican
government can not be strong, that this government is not strong
enough; but would the honest patriot, in the full tide of successful
experiment, abandon a government which has so far kept us free and
firm on the theoretic and visionary fear that this government, the
world’s best hope, may by possibility want energy to preserve itself? I
trust not. I believe this, on the contrary, the strongest government on
earth. I believe it the only one where every man, at the call of the law,
would fly to the standard of the law, and would meet invasions of the
public order as his own personal concern. Sometimes it is said that man
can not be trusted with the government of himself. Can he, then, be
trusted with the government of others? Or have we found angels in the
forms of kings to govern him? Let history answer this question.

Let us, then, with courage and confidence pursue our own Federal
and Republican principles, our attachment to union and representative
government. Kindly separated by nature and a wide ocean from the _
exterminating havoc of one quarter of the globe; too high-minded to
endure the degradations of the others; possessing a chosen country, with
room enough for our descendants to the thousandth and thousandth
generation; entertaining a due sense of our equal right to the use of our
own faculties, to the acquisitions of our own industry, to honor and
confidence from our fellow-citizens, resulting not from birth, but from
our actions and their sense of them; enlightened by a benign religion,
professed, indeed, and practiced in various forms, yet all of them
inculcating honesty, truth, temperance, gratitude, and the love of man;
acknowledging and adoring an overruling Providence, which by all its
dispensations proves that it delights in the happiness of man here and his
greater happiness hereafter — with all these blessings, what more is
‘Recessary to make us a happy and a prosperous people? Still one thing
more, fellow-citizens — a wise and frugal government, which shall _

 

—

 
218 Jefferson: ‘Equal and exact Justice to all men’

Se Se ee

restrain men from injuring one another, shall leave them otherwise free
to regulate their own pursuits of industry and improvement, and shal]
not take from the mouth of labor the bread it has earned. This is the
sum of good government, and this is necessary to close the circle of our
felicities.

About to enter, fellow-citizens, on the exercise of duties which
comprehend everything dear and valuable to you, it is proper you
should understand what I deem the essential principles of our govern-
ment, and consequently those which ought to shape its administration. ]
will compress them within the narrowest compass they will bear, stating

the general principle, but not all its limitations. Equal and exact justice

to all men, of whatever state or persuasion, religious or political; peace,
commerce, and honest friendship with all nations, entangling alliances

_ with none; the support of the state governments in all their rights, as the

- most competent administrations for our domestic concerns and the
surest bulwarks against antirepublican tendencies; the preservation of
__ the general government in its whole constitutional vigor, as the sheet
anchor of our peace at home and safety abroad; a jealous care of the
_ tight of election by the people — a mild and safe corrective of abuses
= which are lopped by the sword of revolution where peaceable remedies
_ are unprovided; absolute acquiescence in the decisions of the majority,
_ the vital principle of republics, from which is no appeal but to force, the
| vital ptinciple and immediate parent of despotism; a well disciplined
_ militia, our best reliance in peace and for the first moments of war, till
_ tegulars may relieve them; the supremacy of the civil over the military
_ authority; economy in the public expense, that labor may be lightly
_ burthened; the honest payment of our debts and sacred preservation of
__ the public faith; encouragement of agriculture, and of commerce as its
= _handmaid; the diffusion of information and afraignment of all abuses at
_ the bar of the public reason; freedom of religion; freedom of the press,
and freedom of person under the protection of the habeas corpus, and

 
   
  
 
   
Red Jacket: ‘We also have a religion’ mg
ee

I repair, then, fellow-citizens, to the post you have assigned me. With
experience enough in subordinate offices to have seen the difficulties of
this the greatest of all, I have learnt to expect that it will rarely fall to the
lot of imperfect man to retire from this station with the reputation and
the favor which bring him into it. Without pretensions to that high
confidence you reposed in our first and greatest revolutionary character,
whose pre-eminent services had entitled him to the first place in his
country’s love and destined for him the fairest page in the volume of
faithful history, I ask so much confidence only as may give firmness and
effect to the legal administration of your affairs. I shall often go wrong
through defect of judgement. When right, I shall often be thought
wrong by those whose positions will not command a view of the whole
ground. I ask your indulgence for my own errors, which will never be
intentional, and your support against the errors of others, who may
condemn what they would not if seen in all its parts. The approbation
implied by your suffrage is a great consolation to me for the past, and
my future solicitude will be to retain the good opinion of those who
have bestowed it in advance, to conciliate that of others by doing them

all the good in my power, and to be instrumental to the happiness and
_ freedom of all .~. “

 

RED JACKET
1805

‘We also have a religion’

Otetani, chief of the Seneca tribe, who was born in 1758, became known as Red
Jacket from the bright red coat given him by the British when he supported them
during the American Revolution. As chief his title was Sagoyewatha. As the
main spokesman for the Six Nations, he became a friend of George Washington. _

Red Jacket opposed attempts to bring European values to his tribe. This —
eloquent address at a council of chiefs of the Six Nations was made when
Christian missionaries tried to baptize his followers.

It was the will of the Great Spirit that we should meet together this day.
He orders all things and has given us a fine day for our council. He has _

taken His garment from before the sun and caused it to shine with
brightness upon us. Our eyes are opened that we see cleatly; out ears are

 
220 Red Jacket: ‘We also have a religion

oe nen ern tan neg — Ste

a eee

unstopped that we have been able to hear distinctly the words you have
spoken. For all these favors we thank the Great Spirit, and Him only.

Brother, this council fire was kindled by you. It was at your request
that we came together at this time. We have listened with attention to
what you have said. You requested us to speak our minds freely. This
gives us great joy; for we now consider that we stand upright before
you and can speak what we think. All have heard your voice and all
speak to you now as one man, Out minds are agreed.

Brother, you say you want an answer to your talk before you leave
this place. It is right you should have one, as you are a great distance
from home and we do not wish to detain you. But fitst we will look
back a little and tell you what our fathers have told us and what we have
heard from the white people.

_ Brother, listen to what we say. There was a time when our forefathers
owned this great island. Their seats extended from the fising to the
setting sun. The Great Spirit had made it for the use of Indians. He had

- ereated the buffalo, the deer, and other animals for food. He had made
the bear and the beaver. Their skins served us for clothing. He had

: scattered them over the country and taught us how to take them. He
had caused the earth to produce corn for bread. All this He had done for
His red children because He loved them. If we had some disputes about

. our hunting-ground they were generally settled without the shedding of
_ much blood.

| But an evil day came upon us. Your forefathers crossed the great
- water and landed on this island. Their numbers were small. They found
_ friends and not enemies. They told us they had fled from their own
country for fear of wicked men and had come hete to enjoy their —
_ teligion. They asked for a small seat. We took pity on them, granted
___ their request, and they sat down among us. We gave them corn and
-- meat; they gave us poison in return. | 3

__ The white people, brother, had now found our country. Tidings were
__ eatried back and more came among us. Yet we did not fear them. We
_ took them to be friends. They called us brothers. We believed them and
gave them a larger seat. At length their numbers had greatly increased.
_ They wanted more land; they wanted our country. Our eyes were
opened and our minds became uneasy. Wars took place. Indians were
__ hired to fight against Indians, and many of our people were destroyed. -
_ They also brought strong liquor among us. It was strong and powerful,
and has slain thousands. YS ake ae he ee
_ Brother, our seats were once large and yours were small, You have

 
  

 

   
Red Jacket: ‘We also have a religion’ 22t
a a I amr a ne OE

now become a great people, and we have scarcely a place left to spread
our blankets. You have got our country, but are not satisfied; you want
to force your religion upon us,

Brother, continue to listen. You say that you are sent to instruct us
how to worship the Great Spirit agreeably to His mind; and, if we do
not take hold of the religion which you white people teach we shall be
unhappy hereafter. You say that you are right and we are lost. How do
we know this to be true? We understand that your religion is written in
a Book. If it was intended for us, as well as you, why has not the Great
Spirit given to us, and not only to us, but why did He not give to our
forefathers the knowledge of that Book, with the means of understanding
it rightly. We only know what you tell us about it. How shall we know
when to believe, being so often deceived by the white people?

Brother, you say there is but one way to worship and serve the Great
Spirit. If there is but one religion, why do you white people differ so
much about it? Why not all agreed, as you can all read the Book?

Brother, we do not understand these things. We are told that your
religion was given to your forefathers and has been handed down from
father to son. We also have a religion which was given to our forefathers
and has been handed down to us, their children. We worship in that
way. It teaches us to be thankful for all the favors we receive, to love
each other, and to be united. We never quarrel about religion.

Brother, the Great Spirit has made us all, but He has made a great
difference between His white and His red children. He has given us -
different complexions and different customs. To you He has given the
____ arts. To these He has not opened our eyes. We know these things to be
. true. Since He has made so great a difference between us in other things,
why may we not conclude that He has given us a different religion
according to our understanding? The Great Spirit does right. He knows
what is best for His children; we are satisfied.

Brother, we do not wish to destroy your religion or take it from you.
We only want to enjoy our own. 3
a3 Brother, you say you have not come to get our land or our money,

but to enlighten our minds. I will now tell you that I have been at your
meetings and saw you collect money from the meeting. I can not tell

 

 
    
   

ie lin i: ag a a ae a eA a a a al al tn aa

 

 
299 Tecumseh: ‘Ounce a happy race. Since made miserable’

them. We will wait a little while and see what effect your preaching has
upon them. If we find it does them good, makes them honest, and less

disposed to cheat Indians, we will then consider again of what you haye

said. |
Brother, you have now heard our answer to your talk, and this is alj

we have to say at present. As we are going to part, we will come and
take you by the hand, and hope the Great Spirit will protect you on
your journey and return you safe to your friends.

Red Jacket eventually sought peace with the US government and persuaded his
followers to support the United States against Britain in the war of 1812.

TECUMSEH
1810

‘Once a happy race. Since made miserable’

Tecumseh (1768-1813) was a great general, a compelling orator and a generous
and humane man, says Hugh Brogan, the historian of America. It was Tecumseh
_ (Crouching Tiger) who realized — too late — that only by uniting in one nation
_ might the Indians save themselves from the depradations of the white man. He
delivered this speech at Vincennes, Indiana, in council with Governor Harrison.

 
  
  

warrior. From them I only take my existence; from my tribe I take
nothing. I am the maker of my own fortune; and Oh! that I could make
that of my red people, and of my country, as great as the conceptions of
my mind, when I think of the Spirit that rules the universe. I would not
then come to Governor Harrison, to ask him to tear the treaty and to
obliterate the landmark; but I would say to him: Sir, you have liberty to
return to yout own country. The being within, communing with past
ages, tells me that once, nor until lately, there was no white man on this
_ continent. That it then all belonged to red men, children of the same
parents, placed on it by the Great Spirit that made them, to keep it, to

_ tfaverse it, to enjoy its productions, and to fill it with the same race. _

 

_ Once a happy race. Since made miserable by the white people, who are — :

never contented, but always encroaching. The way, and the only way, os
check and to stop this evil, is for all the red men to unite in claiming 4 _

  
Bolivar: ‘The triple yoke of ignorance, tyranny and corruption’ OE
pe ee ei re ee ee, ee ee ee ee

common and equal right in the land, as it was at first, and should be yet;
for it never was divided, but belongs to all for the use of each. That no
part has a right to sell, even to each other, much less to strangers; those
who want all, and will not do with less.

The white people have no right to take the land from the Indians,
because they had it first; it is theirs. They may sell, but all must join.
Any sale not made by all is not valid. The late sale is bad. It was made
by a part only. Part do not know how to sell. It requires all to make a
bargain for all. All red men have equal rights to the unoccupied land.
The right of occupancy is as good in one place as in another, There
cannot be two occupations in the same place. The first excludes all
others. It is not so in hunting or traveling; for there the same ground
will serve many, as they may follow each other all day; but the camp is
stationary, and that is occupancy. It belongs to the first who sits down

on his blanket or skins which he has thrown upon the ground; and till
he leaves it no other has a right.

SIMON BOLIVAR
15 ey 1819

‘The triple yoke of i ignorance, rey and corruption’

  
     

It was not only in the United States, F rance and Britain that men fought for 1
freedom. In Latin America, the outstanding leader of the struggle for political
independence was Simon Bolivar (1783-1830). As the ‘Liberator’, Bolivar

personified a continent's determination to be free as he strove to establish a
political order founded on justice and the rights of the individual. He sustained a
_ fifteen-year offensive against Spanish domination. His ‘Angostura’ speech was

delivered to the Congress ae Venezuela at its RGEC in the city eq
A ngostura. | |

 

Legislators! I place in your hands the supreme command of Venezuela. _
It is now your lofty duty to devote yourselves to the well-being of the “a
Republic; our fate and the measure of our glory is in your hands, those _
very hands which will sign the decrees establishing our Freedom. At this —
moment the Supreme Head of the Republic is no more than a cinple =
citizen, and this he desires to remain until his dying day... ~*

When America was separated from the Spanish aeageaky, it found

Se nina geal

 
’ ‘ r » 5 & . * :
Bolivar: ‘The triple yoke of ignorance, tyranny and corruption’

cee
te:

ay

itself in a similar situation to the Roman Empire, when that enormous
mass broke up in the midst of the Ancient World. The fragments that were
left then formed independent nations in conformity with their situations or
interests; but with the difference that each one re-established its Original
system. We do not even retain the vestiges of what went before: we are not
Europeans, or Indians, but rather a species mid-way between the Original
inhabitants and the Spaniards. Americans by birth and Europeans in our
tights, we find ourselves in the predicament of fighting with the Indians
for the ownetship of the land and contending with the opposition of
invaders for the privilege of remaining in the country of our birth; thus,
Out case can be seen to be fraught with difficulties. What is more, our
condition has always been a passive one, our political existence null; and
our difficulty in attaining freedom is all the more painful because, before,
we stagnated in the most wretched servitude; not only were we stripped of
freedom, but even of a role of domination in our domestic affairs. Let me
explain this paradox. Under the regime of absolute power, all authority
goes unchallenged. The will of the despot is the supreme law arbitrarily.
executed by inferiors who participate in organized repression as a
consequence of the authority they wield. They are in charge of civil,
political, military and religious functions. But whereas the satraps of Persia
were Persians, the pashas of the Great Sultan were Turks, the sultans of
Tartary, Tartars; and whereas China had its own mandarins even when it
had fallen under the rule of Genghis Khan, America, on the contrary,
received everything from Spain and we were in fact deprived of any role of
domination in our domestic affaits and internal government. This denial _
made it impossible for us to understand the course of public affairs; neither
did we enjoy the personal esteem which the show of authority commands _
in the eyes of the people, and which is of such importance in gteat
revolutions. In short, gentlemen, we were excluded and kept apart from i
_ the world’s affairs in all that concerned the science of government. =

_ Bound as we were by the triple yoke of ignorance, tyranny and a:
_ corruption, we were unable to acquire learning, power or virtue. And —
since we were schooled by such evil tutors, the lessons we received and 3
“the —— we Atudied: were = a most ruinous nature. We welt: =

 

  
   
 
 
 
 

 

 

ence of men who have no political, economic or civil understanding:
afttey take to 0 be realities what: are in fact = illusions, BBE confuse licence

   

 
Webster: ‘The first scene of our history’ 220
Se ee ee ae ee

with liberty, treason with patriotism, vengeance with justice. Such a
people resembles an able-bodied blind man who, encouraged by his
feeling of strength, strides forward with the assurance of the most clear-
sighted and, stumbling into every pitfall, is no longer able to find his way.
If such a degraded people should ever attain their freedom, they will not
delay in losing it, for there will be no way of persuading them that
happiness consists in the practice of virtue, that lawful government is
more powerful than the rule of tyrants because it is more inflexible and
requires that all obey its beneficent discipline, that morality and not force
is the basis of the law, and that the exercise of justice is the exercise of
freedom. Thus, legislators, your task is all the more difficult because the
men you must form have been perverted by misleading illusions and
destructive motives. Freedom, says Rousseau, is a most succulent dish,
but one that is difficult to digest. Our frail fellow-citizens will have to
build up their strength long before they are able to digest the life-giving
nutrient of freedom. Will they, with their limbs stiffened from such long
enchainment, their sight enfeebled by the darkness of their dungeons, and
their spirit crushed by pernicious servitude, be able to stride firmly toward
the august temple of freedom? Will they be able to gaze unblinkingly into
its splendid rays, and inhale the pure air which surrounds it?

Consider your choice carefully, legislators. Do not forget that you are
about to lay the foundations of a new people, and that they will rise to
the greatness for which nature has equipped them if you so shape this
foundation to match the eminent status that awaits them. If your choice
is not governed by the guiding spirit of Venezuela, which should inspire
you in choosing the right form and nature of the government you are to
adopt for the happiness of the people, if, I repeat, you should fail to
choose rightly, all our new beginnings will end in slavery.

DANIEL WEBSTER
_ 22 December 1820 —

‘The first scene of our history’

Daniel Webster (1782-1 852) made his reputation as one of America’s greatest —

orators when he delivered the oration at Plymouth commemorating the 200th

anniversary of the landing of the Pilgrims, Although the style of the speech now —
seems too florid, Webster was immediately compared with Demosthenes, Cicero .

be +)

 
226 Webster: “The first scene of our history’

Cee a a at ee

and Charles James Fox. In a letter to the eminent lawyer and member of the
Massachusetts House of Representatives, the former president John Adams Wrote:
‘Tf there should be an American who can read it without tears, 1 am not that
American. Mr Burke is no longer entitled to the praise — the most consummate
orator of modern times.’

This is an extract from the beginning of the two-hour oration, which was
immediately printed and published.

George Tickner, a young Harvard scholar and friend of Webster, wrote that
night: “Three or four times I thought my temples would burst with the gush of
blood .. . it seemed to me as if he was like the mountain that might not be touched

and that burned with fire’

We have come to this Rock, to record here our homage for our Pilgrim
Fathers; our sympathy in their sufferings; our gratitude for their labors;

_ our admiration of their virtues; our veneration for their piety; and our
= attachment to those principles of civil and religious liberty, which they
encountered the dangers of the ocean, the storms of heaven, the violence
____ of savages, disease, exile, and famine, to enjoy and to establish. And we
would leave here, also, for the generations which are rising up rapidly to
fill our places, some proof that we have endeavoured to transmit the

~

._ feat inheritance unimpaired; that in our estimate of public principles
and ptivate virtue, in our veneration of religion and piety, in our
| devotion to civil and religious liberty, in our regard for whatever
_ advances human knowledge or improves human happiness, we are not
_ altogether unworthy of our origin. |
_ There is a local feeling connected with this occasion, too strong to be
resisted; a sort of genius of the place, which inspires and awes us. We feel
that we are on the spot where the first scene of our history was laid;
where the hearths and altars of New England were first placed; where
Christianity, and civilization, and letters made their first lodgement, in a
vast extent of country, covered with a wilderness, and peopled by
roving barbarians. We are here, at the season of the year at which the
event took place. The imagination irresistibly and rapidly draws around
us the principal features and the leading characters in the original scene.
We cast our eyes abroad on the ocean, and we see where the little bark, _
with the interesting group upon its deck, made its slow progress to the —
shore. We look around us, and behold the hills and promontories where _
the anxious eyes of our fathers first saw the places of habitation and of |
rest. We feel the cold which benumbed, and listen to the winds which —

om

pierced them. Beneath us is the Rock, on which New England rec

  
   

 
 
 

 
Webster: ‘The first scene of our history’ 227
aera cr

the feet of the Pilgrims. We seem even to behold them, as they struggle
with the elements, and, with toilsome efforts, gain the shore. We listen
to the chiefs in Seana we see the unexampled exhibition of female
fortitude and resignation; we hear the whisperings of youthful impa-
tience, and we see, what a painter of our own has also represented by his
pencil, chilled and shivering childhood, houseless, but for a mother’s

arms, couchless, but for a mother’s breast, till our own blood almost
freezes .

The hours of this day are rapidly flying, and this occasion will soon
be passed. Neither we nor our children can expect to behold its return.
They are in the distant regions of futurity, they exist only in the all-
creating power of God, who shall stand here a hundred yeats hence, to
trace, through us, their descent from the Pilgrims, and to survey, as we
have now surveyed, the progress of their country, during the lapse of a
century. We would anticipate their concurrence with us in our sentiments
of deep regard for our common ancestors. We would anticipate and
partake the pleasure with which they will then recount the steps of New
England’s advancement. On the morning of that day, although it will
not disturb us in our repose, the voice of acclamation and gratitude,

commencing on the Rock of Plymouth, shall be transmitted through
millions of the sons of the Pilgrims, till it lose itself in the murmurs of
__ the Pacific seas.

We would leave for the consideration of shesse who shall then occupy
our places, some proof that we hold the blessings transmitted from our
fathers in just estimation; some proof of our attachment to the cause of
good government, and of civil and religious liberty; some proof of a
sincere and ardent desire to promote every thing which may enlarge the
understandings and improve the hearts of men. And when, from the
long distance of a hundred years, they shall look back upon us, they
shall know, at least, that we possessed affections, which, running back-
ward and warming with gratitude for what our ancestors have done for
: «Sur happiness, tun forward also to our posterity, and meet them with |
cordial salutation, ere yet they have arrived on the shore of bemg. =
__ Advance, then, ye future generations! We would hail you, as you rise
in your long succession, to fill the places which we now fill, and to taste
the blessings of existence where we are passing, and soon shall have
passed, our own human duration. We bid you welcome to this pleasan
_land of the fathers. We bid you welcome to the healthful skies and the
verdant fields of New England. We greet your accession to the great —
seasritante which we have enjoyed. We welcome you to the blessings of

 

i

y
4
3
3

   
 
   
  
 
 
 
  
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
  
   
  

   
 
   
  
 
 
   
 
 
   
 
  
    
  
228 Webster: “Liberty and union, now and forever’
————

good government and religious liberty. We welcome you to the treasures
of science and the delights of learning. We welcome you to the transcend-
ent sweets of domestic life, to the happiness of kindred, and parents, and
children. We welcome you to the immeasurable blessings of rational

existence, the immortal hope of Christianity, and the light of everlasting
truth!

DANIEL WEBSTER
26 January 1830

‘Liberty and union, now and forever’

As tension grew between North and South over the high protective tariffs that
were enriching New England at the expense of the Southern states, an inquiry into
limiting the sale of public land was proposed in the Senate by Senator Samuel
Foote of Connecticut.

Robert Young Hayne, Senator for Carolina, used the debate on Foote’s
resolution to attack New England, to advocate an alliance between South and
West, and to maintain the right of states to resist supposedly unconstitutional acts
_ of Congress.

; Asa unionist and constitutionalist, Daniel Webster, now Senator for Massachu-
_ setts, disagreed violently with Hayne. On 26 January, Webster delivered to a
| crowded Senate his oratorical masterpiece (of which it 1s mainly the conclusion that
_ appears below), arguing the case for a strong union.

  
   

I must now beg to ask, sir, whence is this supposed right of the states
_ derived? — where do they find the power to interfere with the laws of the
Union? Sir, the opinion which the honorable gentleman maintains is a
notion founded in a total misapprehension, in my judgement, of the
origin of this government and of the foundation on which it stands. I
hold it to be a popular government, erected by the people; those who
_ administer it, responsible to the people; and itself capable of being
amended and modified, just as the people may choose it should be. It is
_ 48 popular, just as truly emanating from the people, as the state govern-
_ ments. It is created for one purpose; the state governments for another. —
__ It has its own powers; they have theirs. There is no more authority with —
them to arrest the operation of a law of Congress than with Congress to
aries the operation of their laws. We are here to administer a Constitu-

   

 

   
  
  

   
Webster: ‘Liberty and union, now and forever’ 299
ee ee ge ye ee Oe ee eae

tion emanating immediately from the people, and trusted by them to our
administration. It is not the creature of the state governments. It is of no
moment to the argument that certain acts of the state legislatures are
necessary to fill our seats in this body. That is not one of their original
state powers, a part of the sovereignty of the state. It is a duty which the
people, by the Constitution itself, have imposed on the state legislatures,
and which they might have left to be performed elsewhere, if they had
seen fit. So they have left the choice of President with electors; but all
this does not affect the proposition that this whole government, Presi-
dent, Senate, and House of Representatives, is a popular government. It
leaves it still all its popular character. The governor of a state (in some
of the states) is chosen, not directly by the people, but by those who are
chosen by the people, for the purpose of performing, among other
duties, that of electing a governor. Is the government of the state, on
that account, not a popular government? This government, sir, is the
independent offspring of the popular will. It is not the creature of state
legislatures; nay, more, if the whole truth must be told, the people
brought it into existence, established it, and have hitherto supported it, —
for the very purpose, amongst others, of imposing certain salutary
restraints on state sovereignties. The states cannot now make war; they
cannot contract alliances; they cannot make, each for itself, separate
regulations of commerce; they cannot lay imposts; they cannot coin
money. If this Constitution, sir, be the creature of state legislatures, it
must be admitted that it has obtained a strange control over the
volitions of its creators...

The people, sir, erected this government. They gave it a Constitution,
and in that Constitution they have enumerated the powers which they
bestow on it. They have made it a limited government. They have
defined its authority. They have restrained it to the exercise of such
powers as are granted; and all others, they declare, are reserved to the
states, or the people. But, sir, they have not stopped here. If they had,
they would have accomplished but half their work. No definition can be
so clear as to avoid possibility of doubt; no limitation so precise, as to
exclude all uncertainty. Who, then, shall construe this grant of the

people? Who shall interpret their will, where it may be supposed they
ri have left it doubtful? With whom do they repose this ultimate right of
deciding on the powers of the government? Sir, they have settled all this _
in the fullest manner. They have left it, with the government itself, in its — =
ee Gia Big the very chief end, the main design, for which -
E on was framed and adopted, was to establish a

 

    
forever’

aunt al
iat
ete

eat ere eee

ae . ae
230 Webster: Liberty and union, now and

government that should not be obliged to act through st

aa ate agency, or
depend on state opinion and state discretion. ’

he people had had quite
enough of that kind of government, under the confederacy. Under that

system, the legal action — the application of law to individuals —
belonged exclusively to the states. Congress could only recommend -
their acts were not of binding force, till the states had adopted and
sanctioned them. Are we in that condition still? Are we yet at the mercy
of state discretion, and state construction? Sir, if we are, then vain will
be our attempt to maintain the constitution under which we sit.

But, sir, the people have wisely provided, in the constitution itself, a
proper, suitable mode and tribunal for settling questions of constitutional
law. There are in the constitution, grants of powers to Congress; and
restrictions on these powers. There are, also, prohibitions on the states.
Some authority must, therefore, necessarily exist, having the ultimate
jurisdiction to fix and ascertain the interpretation of these grants, restric-
tions, and prohibitions. The Constitution has itself pointed out, ordained,
and established that authority. How has it accomplished this great and

essential end? By declaring, sir, that ‘the Constitution and the laws of the
Se United States, made in pursuance thereof, shall be the supteme law of
. the land, anything in the constitution or laws of any State to the
_ contrary notwithstanding’.
: _ This, sir, was the first great step. By this the supremacy of the
Constitution and laws of the United States is declared. The people so
will it. No state law is to be valid which comes in conflict with the
constitution, or any law of the United States passed in pursuance of it.
But who shall decide this question of interference? To whom lies the last
appeal? This, sir, the Constitution itself decides, also, by declaring, ‘that
the judicial power shall extend to all cases arising under the constitution
and laws of the United States’. These two provisions, sir, cover the
whole ground. They are in truth, the keystone of the atch. With these, it
is a constitution; without them, it is a confederacy. In pursuance of these
_ clear and express provisions, Congress established, at its very first:
session, in the judicial act, a mode for carrying them into full effect, and
for bringing all questions of constitutional power to the final decision of
ae the supreme court. It then, sir, became a government. It then had the
means of self-protection; and, but for this, it would, in all probability, —
_ have been now among things which are past. Having constituted the oa
_ government, and declared its powers, the people have further said, that
since somebody must decide on the extent of these powers, the govern- ee
_ ment shall itself decide; subject, always, like other popular governments, _

 

   

ie
Webster: ‘Liberty and union, now and forever’ 231
i Ee hme, Ra Oe a ee ne ae epee a eee

to its responsibility to the people. And now, sir, I repeat, how is it that 4
state legislature acquites any power to interfere? Who, or what, gives
them the right to say to the people, ‘We, who are your agents and
servants for one purpose, will undertake to decide that your other agents
and servants, appointed by you for another purpose, have transcended
the authority you gave them!’ The reply would be, I think, not imperti-

nent — “Who made you a judge over anothet’s servants? To their own
masters they stand or fall.’

Sit, | deny this power of state legislatures altogether. It cannot stand
the test of examination. Gentlemen may say, that in an extreme case, a
state government might protect the people from intolerable oppression.
Sir, in such a case, the people might protect themselves, without the aid
of the state governments. Such a case warrants revolution. It must make,
when it comes, a law for itself. A nullifying act of a state legislature
cannot alter the case, nor make resistance any more lawful. In maintaining
these sentiments, sir, I am but asserting the rights of the people. I state
what they have declared, and insist on their right to declare it. They
have chosen to repose this power in the general government, and | think
it my duty to support it, like other constitutional powers.

For myself, sir, I do not admit the jurisdiction of South Carolina, or §

any other state, to prescribe my constitutional duty; or to settle, between

me and the people, the validity of laws of Congress, for which I have :
voted. I decline her umpirage. I have not sworn to support the q
Constitution according to her construction of its clauses. I have not —
stipulated, by my oath of office, or otherwise, to come under any 4
responsibility, except to the people, and those whom they have appointed

to pass upon the question, whether laws, supported by my votes,
conform to the Constitution of the country. And, sir, if we look to the
general nature of the case, could anything have been mote preposterous,

than to make a government for the whole Union, and yet leave its —

powers subject, not to one interpretation, but to thirteen, or twenty-
four, interpretations? Instead of one tribunal, established by all, respons-
ible to all, with power to decide for all — shall constitutional questions be

left to four-and-twenty popular bodies, each at liberty to decide for
itself, and none bound to respect the decisions of others; and each at

liberty, too, to give a new construction on every new election of its own
members? Would anything, with such a principle in it, or rather with

sir. It should not be denominated a Constitution. It should be called,
rather, a collection of topics, for everlasting controversy; heads of

 

ae
say
#

 

such a destitution of all principle, be fit to be called a government? No,

 
would not be adequate to any practical good, nor fit for any country to
live under. To avoid all possibility of being misunderstood, allow me to
fepeat again, in the fullest manner, that I claim no powers for the
government by forced or unfair construction. I admit that it is 4
government of strictly limited powers; of enumerated, specified, and
particularized powers; and that whatsoever is not granted, is withheld.
But notwithstanding all this, and however the grant of powers may be
expressed, its limit and extent may yet, in some cases, admit of doubt;
and the general government would be good for nothing, it would be
incapable of long existing, if some mode had not been provided, i
which those doubts, as they should arise, might be peaceably, ae
authoritatively, solved.
And now, Mr President, let me run the honorable gentleman’s doctrine
a little into its practical application. Let us look at his probable modus
a If a thing can be done, an ingenious man can tell how it is to be
_ done. Now, I wish to be informed, how this state interference is to be
= _ put in practice without violence, bloodshed, and rebellion. We will take
_ the existing case of the tariff law. South Carolina is said to have made up
~ her opinion upon it. If we do not repeal it (as we probably shall not) she
F will then apply to the case the remedy of her doctrine. She will, we must
suppose, pass a law of her legislature, declaring the several acts of
_ Congress, usually called the tariff laws, null and void, so fat as they
3 -tespect South Carolina, or the citizens thereof. So far, all is a paper
_ transaction, and easy enough. But the collector at Charleston is collecting
the duties imposed by these tariff laws — he therefore must be stopped.
_ The collector will seize the goods if the tariff duties are not paid. The
state authorities will undertake their rescue; the marshal, with his posse,
will come to the collector’s aid, and here the contest begins. The militia
2 of the state will be called out to sustain the nullifying act. They will

march, sit, under a very gallant leader: for I believe the honorable
member himself commands the militia of that part of the state. He will

raise the nullifying act on his standard, and spread it out as his banner! It
will have a preamble, bearing, That the tariff laws are palpable, deliberate,
an d dangerous violations of the constitution! He will proceed, with this

ba ner flying, to the ait hoot in Chatleston: _ = |

All the while, |
- Sonorous metal, blowing martial sounds.

   

   
Webster: ‘Liberty and union, now and forever’ 233

 

collect no more duties under any of the tariff laws. This he will be
somewhat puzzled to say, by the way, with a grave countenance,
considering what hand South Carolina, herself, had in that of 1816. But,
sir, the collector would, probably, not desist at his bidding. He would
show him the law of Congress, the treasury instruction, and his own
oath of office. He would say, he should perform his duty, come what
might. Here would ensue a pause: for they say that a certain stillness
precedes the tempest. The trumpeter would hold his breath awhile, and
before all this military array should fall on the custom-house, collector,
clerks, and all, it is very probable some of those composing it, would —
request of their gallant commander-in-chief, to be informed a little upon
the point of law; for they have, doubtless, a just respect for his opinions
as a lawyer, as well as for his bravery as a soldier. They know he has
read Blackstone and the constitution, as well as Turenne and Vauban.
They would ask him, therefore, something concerning their rights in
this matter. They would inquire whether it was not somewhat dangerous"
to resist a law of the United States. What would be the nature of their _
offence, they would wish to learn, if they, by military force and array,
resisted the execution in Carolina of a law of the United States, and it S
should turn out, after all, that the law was constitutional? He would
answer, of course, treason. No lawyer could give any other answer. —
John Fries, he would tell them, had learned that some years ago. How, —
then, they would ask, do you propose to defend us? We are not afraid or
bullets, but treason has a way of taking people off, that we do not much —
relish. How do you propose to defend us? ‘Look at my floating banner,’ ‘
he would reply; ‘see there the nullifying law!’ Is it your opinion, gallant — =a
commander, they would then say, that if we should be indicted for |
treason, that same floating banner of yout would make a good plea to
bar? ‘South Carolina is a sovereign state,’ he would reply. That is true—
but would the judge admit our plea? “These tariff laws,’ he would repeat,
‘ate unconstitutional, palpably, deliberately, dangerously.’ That all may ~
be so; but if the tribunal should not happen to be of that opinion, shall ©
we swing for it? We are ready to die for our country, but it is rather an
awkward business, this dying without touching the ground! After all,
that is a sort of hemp tax, worse than any part of the tariff. :
__-Mr President, the honorable gentleman would be in a dilemma, like
_ that of another great general. He would have a knot before him which |
he could not untie. He must cut it with his sword. He must say to his |
followers, defend yourselves with your bayonets; and this is war — civil

  

aay
ae a 4 Ss

shi cae ee

Sea VR Fats ve

ee Se ‘te

 
234 Webster: ‘Liberty and union, now and forever’

ee ee ee

Direct collision, therefore, between force and force, is the unavoidable
result of that remedy for the revision of unconstitutional laws which the
gentleman contends for. It must happen in the very first case to which it
is applied. Is not this the plain result? To resist, by force, the execution
of a law, generally, is treason. Can the courts of the United States take
notice of the indulgence of a state to commit treason? The common
saying, that a state cannot commit treason herself, is nothing to the
purpose. Can she authorize others to do it? If John Fries had produced
an act of Pennsylvania, annulling the law of Congtess, would it have
helped his case? Talk about it as we will, these doctrines go the length of
revolution. They are incompatible with any peaceable administration of
the government. They lead directly to disunion and civil commotion;
and, therefore, it is, that at their commencement, when they are first
found to be maintained by tespectable men, and in a tangible form, I
enter my public protest against them all.

_ The honorable gentleman argues, that if this government be the sole
= judge of the extent of its own powers, whether that right of judging be
in Congress, or the Supreme Court, it equally subverts state sovereignty.
__ This the gentleman sees, or thinks he sees, although he cannot perceive
how the right of judging, in this matter, if left to the exercise of state
_ legislatures, has any tendency to subvert the government of the Union.
| The gentleman’s opinion may be, that the right ought not to have been
- lodged with the general government; he may like better such a constitu-
. tion, as we should have under the tight of state interference; but I ask
e him to meet me on the plain matter of fact; I ask him to meet me on the
"constitution itself; 1 ask him if the power is not found there — clear and
_ visibly found there? | eo = age
_ But, sir, what is this danger, and what the grounds of it? Let it be
__ remembered, that the constitution of the United States is not unalterable.
= _ It is to continue in its present form no longer than the people who
__ established it shall choose to continue it. If they shall become con-
. _vinced that they have made an injudicious or inexpedient partition and
_ distribution of power, between the state governments and the general
government, they can alter that distribution at will.
_ If anything be found in the national constitution, either by original
_ Provision, or subsequent interpretation, which ought not to be in it, the
_ people know how to get rid of it. If any construction be established,
x unacceptable to them, so as to become, practically, a part of the —
ae constitution, they will amend it, at their own sovereign pleasure: but
. while the people choose to maintain it, as it is; while they are satisfied ig

   
   

&

   
 

Webster: “Liberty and union, now and forever’ 273

with it, and refuse to change it, who has given, or who can give, to
the state legislatures a right to alter it, either by interference, construc-
tion, or otherwise? Gentlemen do not seem to recollect that the people
have any power to do anything for themselves; they imagine there is
no safety for them, any longer than they are under the close guardian-
ship of the state legislatures. Sit, the people have not trusted their
safety, in regard to the general Constitution, to these hands. They
have required other security, and taken other bonds. They have chosen
to trust themselves, first, to the plain words of the instrument, and to
such construction as the government itself, in doubtful cases, should
put on its own powers, under their oaths of office, and subject to
theit responsibility to them: just as the people of a state trust their
own state governments with a similar power. Secondly, they have
reposed their trust in the efficacy of frequent elections, and in their
own power to remove their own servants and agents, whenever they
see cause. Thirdly, they have reposed trust in the judicial power,
which, in order that it might be trustworthy, they have made as
tespectable, as disinterested, and as independent as was practicable.
Fourthly, they have seen fit to rely, in case of necessity, or high
expediency, on their known and admitted power, to alter or amend
the constitution, peaceably and quietly, whenever experience shall point
out defects or imperfections. And, finally, the people of the United
States have, at no time, in no way, directly or indirectly, authorized
-any state legislature to construe or interpret their high instrument of
government; much less to interfere, by their own power, to arrest its

course and operation.
If, sir, the people in these respects, had done otherwise than they have

done, their Constitution could neither have been preserved, nor would it
have been worth preserving. And, if its plain provisions shall now be
disregarded, and these new doctrines interpolated in it, it will become as
feeble and helpless a being, as its enemies, whether early or more recent,
could possibly desire. It will exist in every state, but as a poor dependent

on state permission. It must borrow leave to be; and will be, no longer
than state pleasure, or state discretion, sees fit to grant the indulgence,
and to prolong its poor existence.

But, sir, although there are fears, there are hopes also. The people
have preserved this, their own chosen constitution, for forty years, and
have seen their happiness, prosperity, and renown, grow with its growth,
and strengthen with its strength. They are now, generally, strongly

attached to it. Overthrown by direct assault, it cannot be; evaded,

 

 

j
4
a
a3
—
-

 
236 Webster: ‘Liberty and union, now and forever’

er

undermined, nullified, it will not be, if we, and those who Shall succeed
us here, as agents and representatives of the people, shall conscientiously
and vigilantly discharge the two great branches of our public trust _
faithfully to preserve, and wisely to administer it.

Mr President, I have thus stated the reasons of my dissent to the
doctrines which have been advanced and maintained. I am conscious of
having detained you and the Senate much too long. I was drawn into
the debate with no previous deliberation such as is suited to the
discussion of so grave and important a subject. But it is a subject of
which my heart is full, and I have not been willing to suppress the
utterance of its spontaneous sentiments. I cannot, even now, persuade
myself to relinquish it, without expressing, once more, my deep convic-
tion, that, since it respects nothing less than the union of the states, it is
of most vital and essential importance to the public happiness. I profess,
‘sir, in my career, hitherto, to have kept steadily in view the prosperity

and honor of the whole country, and the preservation of our federal

_ Union. It is to that Union we owe our safety at home, and our
consideration and dignity abroad. It is to that Union that we are chiefly
indebted for whatever makes us most proud of our country. That Union
= we reached only by the discipline of our virtues in the severe school of
adversity. It had its origin in the necessities of disordered finance,

  
 
  

been to us all a copious fountain of national, social, and personal
happiness. I have not allowed myself, sir, to look beyond the Union, to
_ see what might lie hidden in the dark recess behind. I have not coolly
_ weighed the chances of preserving liberty when the bonds that unite us
together shall be broken asunder. I have not accustomed myself to hang
over the precipice of disunion, to see whether, with my short sight, I
_ can fathom the depth of the abyss below; nor could I regard him as a
Si safe counsellor in the affairs of this government, whose thoughts should
_ be mainly bent on considering, not how the Union shall be best
preserved, but how tolerable might be the condition of the people when
_ dt shall be broken up and destroyed. While the Union lasts, we have :
high, exciting, gratifying prospects spread out before us, for us and out —

_ children. Beyond that I seek not to penetrate the veil. God grant that, in
—, : : : ae a

é

  
  

> Me!

 
 
 
 
Luther: ‘We have borne these evils by far too long’ 237
ne eg Pe ce RS ae ee ee ae gene i an ere cca ae

my day, at least, that curtain may not rise. God grant, that on my vision
nevet may be opened what lies behind. When my eyes shall be turned to
behold, for the last time, the sun in heaven, may I not see him shining
on the broken and dishonored fragments of a once glorious Union; on
states dissevered, discordant, belligerent; on a land rent with civil feuds,
or drenched, it may be, in fraternal blood! Let their last feeble and
lingering glance, rather behold the gorgeous ensign of the republic, now
known and honored throughout the earth, still full high advanced, its
arms and trophies streaming in their original lustre, not a stripe erased
or polluted, nor a single star obscured — bearing for its motto, no such
miserable interrogatory, as What is all this worth? Nor those other
words of delusion and folly, liberty first, and union afterwards — but
everywhere, spread all over in characters of living light, blazing on all its
ample folds, as they float over the sea and over the land, and in every —
wind under the whole heavens, that other sentiment, dear to every true.
Ametican heart — liberty and union, now and forever, one and —
inseparable. | Se Se eee

William Safire, the American commentator on oratory, describes Webster's
speech as one of the most forceful rebuttals in the history of American debate. The
reply to Hayne marked Webster's zenith as an orator — generations of a 3
were ee: the art of ae spectnt by penny his, peroration.

SETH LUTHER
c. 1832

é ‘We pate borne these evils 2 far too long

Seth Luther, a carpenter, i was the first A merican in the ica against child
labour. He learned about the conditions of American workers in the early
nineteenth century from a tour of fourteen states and Jrom reading books and
newspapers. Although the ten-hour day had been won in New York by 1832,
labourers elsewhere worked from dawn to dusk. Strikes in Boston and Providence
were defeated — but the movement for shorter hours gathered strength and the first =
convention of the New England Association of Farmers, Mechanics and Other
Working Men met in 1831 and pledged mrentbers to a ten-hour “ with no loss =

wages.
Luther settled to live among the cotton mills of NA ew England with a batrea of

 

 

 
238 Luther: ‘We have borne these evils by far too long’

class distinction. He delivered this address in Boston, Charlestown, Cambridgepors
Waltham and Dorchester. a

Our eats are constantly filled with the cry of national wealth, national
glory, American system, and American industry . . .

This cry is kept up by men who are endeavoring by all the means in
theit power to cut down the wages of our own people, and who send
agents to Europe to induce foreigners to come here to underwork Ameri-
can citizens, to support American industry and the American system.

The whole concern (as now conducted) is as great a humbug as ever
deceived any people. We see the system of manufacturing lauded to the
Skies; senators, representatives, owners, and agents of cotton mills using
all means to keep out of sight the evils growing up under it. Cotton

mills, where cruelties are practiced, excessive labor requited, education
, neglected, and vice, as a matter of course, on the increase, are denomi-
nated ‘the principalities of the destitute, the palaces of the poor.’... A
member of the United States Senate seems to be extremely pleased with

| cotton mills; he says in the Senate, ‘Who has not been delighted with the
_ clockwork movements of a large cotton manufactory; he had visited

es them often, and always with increased delight.’ He says the women work

. in large airy apartments well warmed; they are neatly dressed, with
_ ruddy complexions and happy countenances, they mend the broken
_ threads and replace the exhausted balls or broaches, and at stated periods
_ they go to and return from their meals with a light and cheerful step.
' (While on a visit to that pink of perfection, Waltham, I remarked that
_ the females moved with a very light step, and well they might, for the
bell rung for them to return to the mill from their homes in nineteen
minutes after it had rung for them to go to breakfast; some of these
females boarded the largest part of half a mile from the mill.) And the
grand climax is that at the end of the week, after working like slaves
for thirteen or fourteen hours every day, ‘they enter the terples of
God on the Sabbath, and thank Him for all His benefits’? — and the

_ American system above all requires a peculiar outpouring of gratitude.

_ We remark that whatever girls or others may do west of the Allegheny
_ Mountains, we do not believe there can be a single person found east
_ of those mountains who ever thanked God for permission to work in a

 

cotton mill.

Without being obliged to attribute wrong or mercenary motives to the

honorable senator (whose talents certainly must command respect from —

all, let their views in other tespects be what they may), we remark that we —

 

   
Luther: “We have borne these evils by far too long’ 239

EL Te eae cic a ab nae aera eed te

think he was most grossly deceived by the circumstances of his visit. We
will give our reasons in a few words spoken {in part) on a former
occasion on this subject. It is well known to all that when honorables
travel, timely notice is given of their arrival and departure in places of
note. Here we have a case; the honorable senator from Kentucky is
about to visit a cotton mill; due notice is given; the men, girls, and boys
ate ordered to array themselves in their best apparel. Flowers of every
hue are brought to decorate the mill and enwreath the brows of the fair
sex. If nature will not furnish the materials from the lap of summer, art
supplies the deficiency. Evergreens mingle with the roses, the jasmine,
and the hyacinth to honor the illustrious visitor, the champion, the very
Goliath of the American system. He enters! Smiles are on every brow.
No cowhide, or rod, ot ‘well-seasoned strap’ is suffered to be seen by the
honorable Senator or permitted to disturb the enviable happiness of the
inmates of this almost celestial habitation. The honorable gentleman

views with keen eye the ‘clockwork’. He sees the rosy faces of the houris

inhabiting this palace of beauty; he is in ecstasy — he is almost dumb-

founded — he enjoys the enchanting scene with the most intense delight.

For an hour or more (not fourteen hours) he seems to be in the regions

described in Oriental song, his feelings are overpowered, and he retires,

almost unconscious of the cheers which follow his steps; or if he hears

the ringing shout, ’tis but to convince him that he is in a land of reality

and not of fiction. His mind being filled with sensations, which, from

their novelty, are without a name, he exclaims, ’tis a paradise; and we

reply, if a cotton mill is a ‘paradise’, it is ‘Paradise Lost’. . .

It has been said that the speaker is opposed to the American system. It
turns upon one single point — if these abuses are the American system, he
is opposed. But let him see an American system where education and
intelligence are generally diffused, and the enjoyment of life and liberty
secured to all; he then is ready to support such a system. But so long as —
our government secures exclusive privileges to a very small part of the _
community, and leaves the majority the ‘lawful prey’ to avarice, so long =
does he contend against any ‘system’ so exceedingly unjust and unequal
in its operations. He knows that we must have manufactures. It is
impossible to do without them; but he has yet to learn that it is
necessary, or just, that manufactures must be sustained by injustice,
cruelty, ignorance, vice, and misery; which is now the fact to a startling
degree. If what we have stated be true, and we challenge denial, what
must be done? Must we fold our arms

always will be?

 

and say, it always was so and
If we did so, would it not almost rouse from their gtaves

   
 

240 Luther: ‘We ave borne these evils by far too long’
sea gen ny

 

the heroes of our Revolution? Would not the cold marble representing
our beloved Washington start into life and reproach us for our cowardice?
Let the word be — onward! onward! We know the difficulties are great,
and the obstacles many; but, as yet, we ‘know our rights, and knowing,
dare maintain’. We wish to injure no man, and we are determined not to
be injured as we have been; we wish nothing but those equal rights
which were designed for us all. And although wealth, and prejudice, and
slander, and abuse are all brought to bear on us, we have one consolation
— “We are the majority.’ ;

One difficulty is a want of information among our own class, and the
higher orders reproach us for our ignorance; but, thank God, we have
enough of intelligence among us yet to show the world that all is not
a Sees =
Another difficulty among us is — the press has been almost wholly,
and is now in a great degree, closed upon us. We venture to assert that
the press is bribed by gold in many instances; and we believe that if law

had done what gold has accomplished, our country would, before this

time, have been deluged with blood. But workingmen’s papers are
multiplying, and we shall soon, by the diffusion of intelligence, be
_ enabled to form a front which will show all monopolists, and all tyrants,
that we are not only determined to have the name of freemen, but that
_ we will live freemen and die freemen. |

_ Fellow citizens of New England, farmers, mechanics, and laborers, we
' have borne these evils by far too long; we have been deceived by all
: parties; we must take our business into our own hands. Let us awake.
Our cause is the cause of truth — of justice and humanity. It must prevail.
Let us be determined no longer to be deceived by the cry of those who
produce nothing and who enjoy all, and who insultingly term us — the
farmers, the mechanics, and laborers — the lower orders, and exultingly
claim our homage for themselves, as the higher orders — while the —
Declaration of Independence asserts that ‘All men are created equal.’

 

 
Calhoun: 1 he controversy 1s... between power and liberty Li
Degen LI CTA TE CE ee ae aE OO ME A et ae ead

JOHN C. CALHOUN
15-16 February 1833

‘The controversy is... between power and liberty’

Until 1828, the career of John C. Calhoun (1782-1850), who came from a
slaveholding family of South Carolina, seemed destined to end in the White House.
As vice-president to John Quincy Adams and Andrew Jackson, he was only one
step away.

It was then he realized that he was becoming out of touch with his slaveholding
constituency in South Carolina. In 1829 he declared that a state could nullify
unconstitutional laws. When South Carolina passed a nullification ordinance in
1832, he resigned as vice-president, entered the Senate and became a champion of
state rights and the interests of slaveholders.

President Jackson responded with his famous proclamation against nullification,
restating the principles of the constitution, and introduced the Revenue Enforcement
Bill [the Force Bill], giving him emergency use of the army to enforce revenue laws.

Speaking in the Senate over two days, Calhoun argued in this speech against
Jackson the case for states against the government. ,

This bill proceeds on the ground that the entire sovereignty of this
country belongs to the American people, as forming one great commu-
nity, and regards the states as mere fractions or counties and not as
integral parts of the Union; having no mote right to resist the encroach-
ments of the government than a county has to resist the authority of a
state, and treating such resistance as the lawless acts of so many
individuals without possessing sovereignty or political rights. It has
been said that the bill declares war against South Carolina. No. It
_ decrees a massacre of her citizens! War. has something ennobling about —
it, and, with all its horrors, brings into action the highest qualities,
intellectual and moral. It was, perhaps, in the order of Providence that it
should be permitted for that very purpose. But this bill declares no war,
except, indeed, it be that which savages wage — a war, not against the
community, but the citizens of whom that community is composed. But —
I regard it as worse than savage warfare — as an attempt to take away life —
under the color of law, without the trial by jury, or any other safeguard —
which the Constitution has thrown around the life of the citizen. dt
authorizes the President, or even his deputies, when they may suppose :

  
242 Calhoun: ‘The controversy is... between power and liberty’
EE Oa a ee ge ee

the law to be violated, without the intervention of a court or jury, to kill
without mercy or discrimination!

It has been said by the Senator from Tennessee [Grundy| to be a
measure of peace! Yes, such peace as the wolf gives to the lamb — the
kite to the dove! Such peace as Russia gives to Poland, or death to its
victim! A peace by extinguishing the political existence of the state, by
awing her into an abandonment of the exercise of every power which
constitutes her a sovereign community. It is to South Carolina a question
of self-preservation; and I proclaim it, that, should this bill pass, and an
attempt be made to enforce it, it will be resisted, at every hazard — even
that of death itself. Death is not the greatest calamity: there are others
still more terrible to the free and brave, and among them may be placed

the loss of liberty and honor. There are thousands of her brave sons
who, if need be, ate prepared cheerfully to lay down their lives in
defense of the state and the great principles of constitutional liberty for

which she is contending. God forbid that this should become necessary!

Tt never can. be; ee this government is resolved to bring the s{0ethon
to extremity . :

- Is this a Federal Union? a Union of states, as distinct from that of
_ individuals? Is the sovereignty in the several states, or in the American
- , people § in the aggregate? The very language which we are compelled to
_use when speaking of our political institutions affords proof conclusive |
“as to its real character. The terms Union, Federal, united, all imply a=
combination of sovereignties, a confederation of states. They are never

F applied to an association of individuals. Whoever heard of the United
States of New York, of Massachusetts, or of Virginia? Whoever heard

the term Federal or Union applied to the aggregation of individuals into
one community? Nor is the other point less clear — that the sovereignty
is in the several states, and that our system is a Union of twenty-four
sovereign powers, under a constitutional compact, and not of a divided
sovereignty between the states severally and the United States. In spite
of all that has been said, I maintain that sovereignty is in its nature
— indivisible. It is the supreme power in a state, and we might just as well

; speak of half a square, or of half a triangle, as of half a sovereignty. It is _
a gfoss efror to confound the exercise of sovereign powers with sovet-_
- eignty itself, or the. delegation of such. powers with the surrender of
them. A sovereign may delegate his powers to be exercised by as many
= agents as he may think proper, under such conditions and with such —
_ limitations as he may impose; but to. surrender any portion of ‘His |
— sovereignty to another is to annihilate the whole. The SOs from

   
  
 

  
  
Calhoun: ‘The controversy is... between power and liberty 243
SS ee ee

Delaware calls this metaphysical reasoning, which, he says, he cannot
comprehend. If by metaphysics he means that scholastic refinement
which makes distinctions without difference, no one can hold it in more
utter contempt than I do; but if, on the contrary, he means the power of
analysis and combination — that power which reduces the most complex
idea into its elements, which traces causes to their first principle, and, by
the power of generalization and combination, unites the whole in one
harmonious system — then, so far from deserving contempt, it is the
highest attribute of the human mind. It is the power which raises man
above the brute — which distinguishes his faculties from mere sagacity,
which he holds in common with inferior animals. It is this power which
has raised the astronomer from being a mere gazer at the stars to the
high intellectual eminence of a Newton or a Laplace, and astronomy
itself from a mete observation of isolated facts into that noble science
which displays to our admiration the system of the universe. And shall
this high power of the mind, which has effected such wonders when
directed to the laws which control the material world, be forever
prohibited, under a senseless cry of metaphysics, from being applied to
the high purpose of political science and legislation? I hold them to be
subject to laws as fixed as matter itself, and to be as fit a subject for the
application of the highest intellectual power. Denunciation may, indeed,
fall upon the philosophical inquirer into these first principles, as it did
upon Galileo and Bacon when they first unfolded the great discoveries
which have immortalized their names; but the time will come when
truth will prevail in spite of prejudice and denunciation, and when
politics and legislation will be considered as much a science as astronomy
and chemistry... <2 |
It is said that the bill ought to pass because the law must be enforced.
The law must be enforced! The imperial edict must be executed! It is
under such sophistry, couched in general terms, without looking to the
limitations which must ever exist in the practical exercise of power, that
the most cruel and despotic acts ever have been covered. It was such
sophistry as this that cast Daniel into the lions’ den, and the three
Innocents into the fiery furnace. Under the same sophistry the bloody
edicts of Nero and Caligula were executed. The law must be enforced.
Yes, the act imposing the ‘tea tax must be executed’. This was the very
argument which impelled Lord North and his administration to that—*
mad career which forever separated us from the British crown. Under a _ 3
similar sophistry, ‘that religion must be protected’, how many massacres
have been perpetrated? and how many martyrs have been tied to the —

 

 
 
  
244 Calhoun: ‘The controversy 1s... between power and liberty’
Se Se a ee Ee

stake? What! acting on this vague abstraction, are you prepared to
enforce a law without considering whether it be just Or unjust, constity-
constitutional or unconstitutional? Will you collect money when it jc
acknowledged that it is not wanted? He who earns the money, who digs
_it from the earth with the sweat of his brow, has a just title to it against
the universe. No one has a right to touch it without his consent, except
his government, and this only to the extent of its legitimate wants; to take
more is robbery, and you propose by this bill to enforce robbery by
murder. Yes: to this result you must come by this miserable sophistry,
this vague abstraction of enforcing the law, without a regard to the fact
whether the law be just of unjust, constitutional or unconstitutional.
In the same spirit we are told that the Union must be preserved,
without regard to the means. And how is it proposed to preserve the
Union? By force? Does any man in his senses believe that this beautiful
structure — this harmonious aggregate of states, produced by the joint
consent of all — can be preserved by force? Its very introduction will be
: = certain destruction to this Federal Union. No, no. You cannot keep the
___ states united in their constitutional and Federal bonds by force. Force
| . may, indeed, hold the parts together, but such union would be the bond
_ between master and slave — a union of exaction on one side and of
unqualified obedience on the other. That obedience which, we are told
by the Senator from Pennsylvania [Wilkins], is the Union! Yes, exaction
on the side of the master; for this very bill is intended to collect what
3 can be no longer called taxes — the voluntary contribution of a free
people — but tribute — tribute to be collected under the mouths of the
e cannon! Your customhouse is already transferred into a garrison, and
_ that garrison with its batteries turned, not against the enemy of your
_ country, but on subjects (1 will not say citizens), on whom you propose
to levy contributions. Has reason fled from our borders? Have we
ceased to reflect? It is madness to. suppose that the Union can be
___ Pteserved by force. I tell you plainly that the bill, should it pass, cannot
_ be enforced. It will prove only a blot upon your statute book, a
___ feproach to the year, and a disgrace to the American Senate. I repeat, it
_ will not be executed; it will rouse the dormant spirit of the people and
_ open their eyes to the approach of despotism. The country has sunk into
_ avarice and political corruption, from which nothing can arouse it but
_ Some measure on the part of the government, of folly and madness, such
_ as that now under consideration. _ Sin | |

 
 
 
  
  
   
  

2 _- Disguise it as you may, the controversy is one between power and
is liberty; and I tell the gentlemen who are opposed to me that, as strong

 

  
Calhoun: “The controversy is... between power and liberty’ 245
COI I ee ee ence tT anlar et Saar tee esac Senate en tte i

as may be the love of power on their side, the love of liberty is still
stronger on ours. History furnishes many instances of similar struggles,
where the love of liberty has prevailed against power under every
disadvantage, and among them few more striking than that of our own
Revolution; where, as strong as was the parent country, and feeble as

were the colonies, yet, under the impulse of liberty and the blessing of
God, they gloriously triumphed in the contest.

We have now sufficient experience to ascertain that the tendency to
conflict in its [the bill’s] action is between the Southern and other
sections. The latter, having a decided majority, must habitually be
possessed of the powers of the government, both in this and in the other
House; and, being governed by that instinctive love of power so natural
to the human breast, they must become the advocates of the power of

government and in the same degree opposed to the limitations; while the
other and weaker section is as necessarily thrown on the side of the

limitations. One section is the natural guardian of the delegated powers,
and the other of the reserved; and the struggle on the side of the former

_will be to enlarge the powers, while that on the opposite side will be to
restrain them within their constitutional limits. ‘The contest will, in fact,

be a contest between power and liberty, and such I consider the present
— a contest in which the weaker section, with its peculiar labor, produc- ’
tions, and institutions, has at stake all that can be dear to freemen.
Should we be able to maintain in their full vigor our reserved rights,
liberty and prosperity will be our portion; but if we yield, and permit —
the stronger interest to concentrate within itself all the powers of the
government, then will our fate be more wretched than that of the
aborigines whom we have expelled. In this great struggle between the
delegated and reserved powers, so far from repining that my lot, and
that of those whom I represent, is cast on the side of the latter, I rejoice
that such is the fact; for, though we participate in but few of the —
advantages of the government, we are compensated, and more than ;
compensated, in not being so much exposed to its corruptions. Nor dol
repine that the duty, so difficult to be discharged, of defending the _
reserved powers against apparently such fearful odds has been assigned —
to us. To discharge it successfully requires the highest qualities, moral _
and intellectual; and should we perform it with a zeal and ability
proportioned to its magnitude, instead of mere planters, our section will
become distinguished for its patriots and statesmen. But, on the other —
hand, if we prove unworthy of the trust — if we yield to the steady
encroachments of power — the severest calamity and most debasing

 

 

 
  
 
  
   
  
246 Phillips: ‘The priceless value of the freedom of the press’

a Prete

corruption will overspread the land. Every Southern man, true to the
interests of his section, and faithful to the duties which Providence has
allotted him, will be forever excluded from the honors and emoluments
of this government, which will be reserved for those only who have

qualified themselves, by political prostitution, for admission into the
Magdalen Asylum.

WENDELL PHILLIPS
8 December 1837

‘The priceless value of the freedom of the press’

Wendell Phillips (1811-84) was first drawn to the abolitionist cause in 1835

when he witnessed a Boston mob set upon the abolitionist journalist William Lloyd

Garrison and drag him through the streets at the end of a rope. 3
‘Two years later he went to a meeting at Faneuil Hall in Boston called to
protest against the murder of Elijah Lovejoy by a Negro-hating mob in Alton,
 Winois. Lovejoy, a white abolitionist who published an anti-slavery newspaper,
a: was killed when a warehouse where he stored his press for safety was set on fire.
) Unannounced and uninvited, James T. Austin, Attorney-General of Massachu-
setts, rose to ridicule the meeting. Hundreds cheered when he compared Lovejoy’s
murderers to the members of the Boston Tea Party. 3
i _ Phillips, who became one of the most brilliant speakers of his age, could no
longer contain his anger. Amid boos and catcalls, the Boston aristocrat rose to
| Speak — and to sway the audience against Austin to support the protest.

 
  
   
 

_ Elijah Lovejoy was not only defending the freedom of the press, but he

- was under his own roof, in arms with the sanction of the civil authority.

_ The men who assailed him went against and over the laws. The mob, as

E _ the gentleman (a previous speaker) terms it — mob, forsooth! certainly —

we sons of the tea-spillers are a marvelously patient generation! — the _

_ ‘orderly mob’ which assembled in the Old South to destroy the tea, were
“met to resist, not the laws, but illegal enactions. Shame on the American :
ho calls the tea tax and stamp act /aws! Our fathers resisted, not the

King’s: prerogative, but the King’s usurpation. To find any other

_ account, you must read our revolutionary history upside down. Our des
state archives are loaded with arguments of John Adams to prove the

laid by the British Parliament unconstitutional = beyond its powe

  

   
 
   
 
 
 
  

   
Phillips: ‘The priceless value of the freedom of the press’ 247

a ee eater an ane en eimaen annie Ueettenane esata thintianianpnegstislecsnastissteenceriinatiifieiesitinasiaeenitincedimaniibnemisisions: amanidiaeanusanimesaaie

It was not until this was made out that the men of New England rushed
to arms. The arguments of the Council Chamber and the House of
Representatives preceded and sanctioned the contest. To draw the
conduct of our ancestors into a precedent for mobs, for a right to resist
laws we ourselves have enacted, is an insult to their memory. The
difference between the excitements of those days and our own, which
the gentleman in kindness to the latter has overlooked, is simply this:
the men of that day went for the right, as secured by the laws. They
were the people rising to sustain the laws and Constitution of the
province. The rioters of our days go for their own wills, right or wrong.
Sir, when I heard the gentleman lay down principles which place the
murderers of Alton side by side with Otis and Hancock, with Quincy
and Adams, I thought those pictured lips [pointing to the portraits in the
ball| would have broken into voice to rebuke the recreant American —
the slanderer of the dead. The gentleman said that he should sink into
insignificance if he dared to gainsay the principles of these resolutions.
Sir, for the sentiments he had uttered, on soil consecrated by the prayers

of Puritans and the blood of patriots, the earth should have yawned and
swallowed him up.

Some persons seem to imagine that anarchy existed at Alton from the
commencement of these disputes. Not at all. ‘No one of us,’ says an eye-
witness and a comrade of Lovejoy, ‘has taken up arms during these
disturbances but at the command of the mayor.’ Anarchy did not settle
down on that devoted city till Lovejoy breathed his last. Till then the
law, represented in his person, sustained itself against its foes. When he
fell, civil authority was trampled under foot. He had ‘planted himself on
his constitutional rights, appealed to the laws, claimed the protection of
the civil authority, taken refuge under the broad shield of the Constitu-
tion. When through that he was pierced and fell, he fell but one sufferer
in a common catastrophe.’ He took refuge under the banner of liberty —
amid its folds; and when he fell, its glorious stars and stripes, the
emblem of free institutions, around which cluster so many heart-stirring
memories, were blotted out in the martyr’s blood.

It has been stated, perhaps inadvertently, that Lovejoy or his comrades
fired first. This is denied by those who have the best means of knowing.
Guns were first fired by the mob. After being twice fired on, those _

_ within the building consulted together and deliberately returned the Gren g
But suppose they did fire first. They had a right so to do; not only the
right which every citizen has to defend himself, but the further right
which every civil officer has to resist violence. Even if Lovejoy fired the _

 

 
    

—*

 
248 Phillips: ‘The priceless value of the freedom of the press’

 

att tnrtciaa,

See

first gun, it would not lessen his claim to our sympathy,

or destroy his
title to be considered a martyr in defense of

a free ptess. The question
now ts, Did he act within the Constitution and the laws? The men who

fell in State Street, on the 5th of March, 1770, did more than Lovejoy is
charged with. They were the first assailants upon some slight quarrel,
they pelted the troops with every missile within reach. Did this bate one
jot of the eulogy with which Hancock and Warren hallowed their
memory, hailing them as the first martyrs in the cause of American
liberty? If, sir, I had adopted what are called peace principles, | might
lament the circumstances of this case. But all you who believe as I do, in
the right and duty of magistrates to execute the laws, join with me and
brand as base hypocrisy the conduct of those who assemble year after
year on the 4th of July to fight over the battles of the Revolution, and
yet ‘damn with faint praise’ or load with obloquy, the memory of this
~ man who shed his blood in defense of life, liberty, property, and the
freedom of the press!
Throughout that terrible night I find nothing to regret but this, that,
_ within the limits of our country, civil authority should have been so
_ prostrated as to oblige a citizen to arm in his own defense, and to arm in

vain. The gentleman says Lovejoy was presumptuous and imprudent —
he “died as the fool dieth’. And a reverend clergyman of the city tells

-us that no citizen has a right to publish opinions disagreeable to the
“community! If any mob follows such publication, on him rests its guilt.
_ He must wait, forsooth, till the people come up to it and agree with
him! This libel on liberty goes on to say that the want of right to speak
as we think is an evil inseparable from republican institutions! If this be
so, what are they worth? Welcome the despotism of the Sultan, where
one knows what he may publish and what he may not, rather than
_the tyranny of this many-headed monster, the mob, where we know
_ not what we may do or say, till some fellow citizen has tried it, and
_ paid for the lesson with his life. This clerical absurdity chooses as a
_ check for the abuses of the press, not the law, but the dread of a mob.
By so doing, it deprives not only the individual and the minority of
their rights, but the majority also, since the expression of their opinion
_. ‘may sometime provoke disturbances from the minority. A few men may
_ make a mob as well as many. The majority, then, have no right, a8
_ Christian men, to utter their sentiments, if by any possibility it may lead
__ to a mob! Shades of Hugh Peters and John Cotton, save us from such =
_ pulpits! : arg ORS res
Imagine yourself present when the first news of Bunker Hill battle

  
   
 
 
 

 

  
  
Phillips: ‘The preceless value of the freedom of the press’ 249

 

reached a New England town. The tale would have run thus: “The
patriots are routed, — the redcoats victorious, — Warren lies dead upon
the field.” With what scorn would that Tory have been received, who
should have charged Warren with imprudence! who should have said
that, bred a physician, he was ‘out of place’ in that battle, and ‘died as
the fool dieth’. How would the intimation have been received, that
Warren and his associates should have merited a better time? But if

success be, indeed, the only criterion of prudence, Respice finem — wait
till the end!

Presumptuous to assert the freedom of the press on American ground!
Is the assertion of such freedom before the age? So much before the age
as to leave one no right to make it because it displeases the community?
Who invents this libel on his country? It is this very thing which entitles
Lovejoy to greater praise. The disputed right which provoked the
Revolution — taxation without representation — is far beneath that for
which he died. One word, gentlemen. As much as thought is better than
money, so much is the cause in which Lovejoy died nobler than a mere >
question of taxes. James Otis thundered in this hall when the King did
but touch his pocket. Imagine, if you can, his indignant eloquence had
England offered to put a gag upon his lips. The question that stirred the
Revolution touched our civil interests. This concerns us not only as
citizens, but as immortal beings. Wrapped up in its fate, saved or lost
with it, are not only the voice of the statesman, but the instructions of
the pulpit and the progress of our faith.

Mr Chairman, from the bottom of my heart I thank that brave little
band at Alton for resisting. We must remember that Lovejoy had fled
from city to city — suffered the destruction of three presses patiently. At
length he took counsel with friends, men of character, of tried integrity,
of wide views, of Christian principle. They thought the crisis had come;
it was full time to assert the laws. They saw around them, not a
community like our own, of fixed habits, of character moulded and
settled, but one ‘in the gristle, not yet hardened into the bone of
manhood’. The people there, children of our older states, seem to have
forgotten the blood-tried principles of their fathers the moment they lost
sight of our New England hills. Something was to be done to show
them the priceless value of the freedom of the press, to bring back and
set right their wandering and confused ideas. He and his advisers looked
Out on a community, staggering like a drunken man, indifferent to their
rights and confused in their feelings. Deaf to argument, haply they — |

might be stunned into sobriety. They saw that of which we cannot z

 

3

  
250 Clay: ‘The Dove of Peace’
ST Se SS ee are ee ee

judge, the necessity of resistance. Insulted law called for it. Public Opinion,
fast hastening on the downward course, must be arrested.

Does not the event show they judged rightly? Absorbed in a thousand
trifles, how has the nation all at once come to a stand? Men begin, as in 1776
and 1640, to discuss principles, to weigh characters, to find out where they
ate. Haply, we may awake before we are borne over the precipice.

HENRY CLAY
6 ebraaty 1850

The dove of peace
| Henry Clay (77 77- 1852 2) = ar as the Great Pacificator when he steered
through Congress the Missouri Compromise in 1820, dividing new states between
slave and free. Once again, in 1850, Clay, now the Senator for Kentucky, became
the Great Compromiser during the storm over the admission of California as a
=e State. Clay, who believed in gradual emancipation, worked his magic for the
last time, evolving a programme which admitted California (and pleased the
sg N. orth) but also introduced a stricter Fugitive Slave Law (which pleased the
~ = outh) and which delayed the Civil War for a decade. |

This extract is from the second of the many speeches he made BE the furious
ite in phe Senate which lasted for months. :

DP

  
  

: “Tt has been objected against this measure that it is a compromise. It has

been said that it is a compromise of ptinciple, or of a principle. Mr
President, what is a compromise? It is a work of mutual concession — an

agreement in which there are reciprocal stipulations - —a work in which, —
_ for the sake of peace and concord, one party abates his extreme demands
_ in consideration of an abatement of extreme demands by the other party:
= it is a measure of mutual concession — a Measure of mutual sacrifice.
Ze _ Undoubtedly, Mr President, in all such measures of compromise, one

= _ party would be very glad to get what he wants, and ‘reject what he does
not desire but which the other party wants. But when he comes to-
= * reflect that, from the nature of the government and its operations, and
: | fon those with whom he is dealing, it is necessary upon his part, in
order to secure what he wants, to grant something to the other side, he
= should be reconciled to the concession which he has made in consequence of =
= concession which he is to receive, if there is no great pene) involved, ie

 

 

 
Clay: ‘The Dove of Peace’ 251
a ee ne ee ee ee ees

such as a violation of the Constitution of the United States. 1 admit that
such a compromise as that ought never to be sanctioned or adopted. But I
now call upon any senator in his place to point out from the beginning
to the end, from California to New Mexico, a solitary provision in this
bill which is violative of the Constitution of the United States.

The responsibility of this great measure passes from the hands of the
committee, and from my hands. They know, and I know, that it is an
awful and tremendous responsibility. I hope that you will meet it with a
just conception and a true appreciation of its magnitude, and the
magnitude of the consequences that may ensue from your decision one
way or the other. The alternatives, I fear, which the measure presents,
are concord and increased discord; a servile civil war, originating in its
causes on the lower Rio Grande, and terminating possibly in its conse-
quences on the upper Rio Grande in the Santa Fé country, or the
restoration of harmony and fraternal kindness. I believe from the bottom
of my soul that the measure is the reunion of this Union. I believe it is
the dove of peace, which, taking its aerial flight from the dome of the _
capitol, carries the glad tidings of assured peace and restored harmony to,
all the remotest extremities of this distracted land. I believe that it will 7
be attended with all these beneficent effects. And now let us discard all
resentment, all passions, all petty jealousies, all personal desires, all love —
of place, all hankerings after the gilded crumbs which fall from the table ;
of power. Let us forget popular fears, from whatever quarter they may
spring. Let us go to the limpid fountain of unadulterated patriotism,
and, performing a solemn lustration, return divested of all selfish,
sinister, and sordid impurities, and think alone of our God, our country,
our consciences, and our glorious Union — that Union without which we
shall be torn into hostile fragments, and sooner or later become the

victims of military despotism or foreign domination. —
Mr President, what is an individual man? An atom, almost invisible
without a magnifying glass - a mere speck upon the surface of the
immense universe; not a second in time, compared to immeasurable,
never-beginning, and never-ending eternity; a drop of water in the great
deep, which evaporates and is borne off by the winds; a grain of sand,
which is soon gathered to the dust from which it sprung. Shall a being
so small, so petty, so fleeting, so evanescent, oppose itself to the
onward march of a great nation which is to subsist for ages and ages to _
come; oppose itself to that long line of posterity which, issuing from — :

our loins, will endure during the existence of the world? Forbid it, God. -
Let us look to our country and our cause, elevate ourselves to the

 

 
252 Clay: ‘The dove of peace’

ae Sa a

 

dignity of pure and disinterested patriots, and save our country from all
impending dangers. What if, in the march of this nation tO greatness
and power, we should be buried beneath the wheels that propel it
onward! What are we — what is any man — worth who is not ready and
willing to sacrifice himself for the benefit of his country when it j
necessary?

I call upon all the South. Sir, we have had hard words, bitter words,
bitter thoughts, unpleasant feelings toward each other in the progress of
this great measure. Let us forget them. Let us sacrifice these feelings. Let
us go to the altar of our country and swear, as the oath was taken of old,
that we will stand by her; that we will support her; that we will uphold
her Constitution; that we will preserve her union; and that we will pass
this great, comprehensive, and healing system of measures, which will

hush all the jarring elements and bring peace and tranquility to our
homes.

8

Let me, Mr President, in conclusion, say that the most disastrous
consequences would occur, in my opinion, were we to go home, doing
= a nothing to satisfy and tranquilize the country upon these great questions.
> . What will be the judgement of mankind, what the judgement of that
| portion of mankind who are looking upon the progress of this scheme
_ of self-government as being that which holds the highest hopes and
expectations of ameliorating the condition of mankind — what will their
judgement be? Will not all the monarchs of the Old World pronounce
_ our glorious republic a disgraceful failure? Will you go home and leave
all in disorder and confusion — all unsettled — all open? The contentions
' and agitations of the past will be increased and augmented by the
agitations resulting from our neglect to decide them. Sir, we shall
stand condemned by all human judgement below, and of that above it
is not for me to speak. We shall stand condemned in our own con-
sciences, by our own constituents, and by our own country. The
measure may be defeated. I have been aware that its passage for many
_ days was not absolutely certain. From the first to the last, I hoped and
believed it would pass, because from the first to the last I believed it
was founded on the principles of just and righteous concession, of.
_ mutual conciliation. I believe that it deals unjustly by no part of the
3 Republic; that it saves their honor, and, as far as it is dependent upon
Congress, saves the interests of all quarters of the country. But, sit, 1
have known that the decision of its fate depended upon four of five
votes in the Senate of the United States, whose ultimate judgement we
could not count upon the one side or the other with absolute certainty.

  
  
  
  
 
 
 
 
  
   
 
 
 
 
 
  
     
Calhoun: ‘This cry of union’ 253

epee:

 

_

Its fate is now committed to the Senate, and to those five or six votes
to which I have referred. It may be defeated. It is possible that, for
the chastisement of our sins and transgressions, the rod of Providence
may be still applied to us, may be still suspended over us. But, if
defeated, it will be a triumph of ultraism and impracticability — a
triumph of a most extraordinary conjunction of extremes; a victory won
by abolitionism; a victory achieved by free-soilism; a victory of discord
and agitation over peace and tranquility; and I pray to Almighty God
that it may not, in consequence of the inauspicious result, lead to the
most unhappy and disastrous consequences to our beloved country.

JOHN C, CALHOUN
4 Match 1850

 
  

‘This cry of union’

John C. Calhoun was a dying man when he made his last journey from South
Carolina to Washington to speak in the great Senate debate initiated by Henry
Clay. The news that he was going to speak brought crowds to the Senate.

There was silence, broken only by whispers, as he made his way to his seat

assisted by friends. He rose with difficulty, thanked the Senate for allowing him to ;
be heard and then, too weak to speak himself, passed his speech to the Virginian
Senator James M. Mason, who spoke it for him.

I have, senators, believed from the first that the agitation of the subject
_ of slavery would, if not prevented by some timely and effective measure,
end in disunion. Entertaining this opinion, I have, on all proper occa-
sions, endeavored to call the attention of both the two great parties
which divide the country, to adopt some such measure to prevent so
great a disaster, but without success. The agitation has been permitted to
proceed, with almost no attempt to resist it, until it has reached a period
when it can no longer be disguised or denied that the Union is in
_ danger. You have thus forced upon you the greatest and the gravest
question that ever can come under your consideration:
Union be preserved?
To this question there can be but one answer:
cause is, the almost universal discontent which per
composing the southern section of the Union. T

How can the

that the immediate _
vades all the states
his widely extended —

 
  
254 Calhoun: ‘This ery of union’
discontent is not of recent origin. It commenced with the agitation of
the slavery question, and has been increasing ever since.

One of the causes is, undoubtedly, to be traced to the long-continued

agitation of the slave question on the part of the North, and the many

aggressions which they have made on the rights of the South, during
that time.

There is another, lying back of it, but with which this is intimately
connected, that may be regarded as the great and primary cause. It is to
be found in the fact that the equilibrium between the two sections in the
government, as it stood when the Constitution was ratified, and the
government put in action, has been destroyed. At that time there was
nearly a perfect equilibrium between the two, which afforded ample
means to each to protect itself against the aggression of the other; but

as it now stands, one section has exclusive power of controlling the
government, which leaves the other without any adequate means of
= protecting itself against its encroachment and opprtession.
_ The cry of Union! Union! the glorious Union! can no more prevent
~ disunion, than the cry of Health! health! glorious health! on the part of
| the physician can save a patient lying dangerously ill. So long as the
. Union, instead of being regarded as a protector, is regarded in the
opposite character by not much less than a majority of the states, it will
in vain to attempt to concentrate them by pronouncing culogies on it.
Besides, this cry of Union comes commonly from those whom we
: “cannot believe to be sincere. It usually comes from out assailants; but we

- cannot believe them to be sincere, for if they loved the Union, they
» would necessarily be devoted to the Constitution. It made the Union,
- and to destroy the Constitution would be to destroy the Union. But the
F . only reliable and certain evidence of devotion to the Constitution is, to
= abstain, on the one hand, from violating it, and to repel, on the other, all

attempts to violate it. It is only by faithfully performing those high
_ duties that the Constitution can be preserved, and with it the Union.

Nor can we regard the profession of devotion to the Union, on the
_ part of those who are not our assailants, as sincere, when they pronounce
- enlogies upon the Union evidently with the intent of charging us with
_ disunion, without uttering one word of denunciation against our assail-
ants. If friends of the Union, their course should be to unite with us in
_ tepelling these assaults, and denouncing the authors as enemies of the
_ Union. Why they avoid this and pursue the course it a = it
E se fot them to —

  
   
  
   
  

  
Webster: ‘Lzberty and union’ 255

 

nore om

Southerner, whose mortal remains repose on the western bank of the
Potomac. He was one of us — a slave-holder and a planter. We have
studied his history, and find nothing in it to justify submission to
wrong. On the contrary, his great fame rests on the solid foundation
that, while he was careful to avoid doing wrong to others, he was

prompt and decided in repelling wrong. I trust that, in this respect, we
profited by his example.

Nor can we find anything in his history to deter us from seceding
from the Union, should it fail to fulfil the objects for which it was
instituted, by being permanently and hopelessly converted into the
means of oppression instead of protection. On the contrary, we find
much in his example to encourage us, should we be forced to the
extremity of deciding between submission and disunion.

[ have now, senators, done my duty, in expressing my opinions fully,
freely, and candidly on this solemn occasion. In doing so, I have been
governed by the motives which have governed me in all the stages of
the agitation of the slavery question since its commencement, and :
exerted myself to arrest it, with the intention of saving the Union, if it ,
could be done, and, if it cannot, to save the section where it has pleased 3
Providence to cast my lot, and which, I sincerely believe, has justice and —
the Constitution on its side. Having faithfully done my duty to the best —
of my ability, both to the Union and my section, throughout the whole |
of this agitation, I shall have the consolation, let what will come, that I
am free from all responsibility.

  

DANIEL WEBSTER
7 March 1850

Sey and union” Z

It was now the turn of Daniel Webster i eke the ae speech in American

history that is remembered by its date — the ‘Seventh of March’ Speech. Clay had
sent Webster an outline of his proposals in January. Webster now made the most

important (but not the best) speech of his life, with almost no preparation, since he
was a broken man, sustained by drugs. It was afterwards the subject of bitter
controversy and lost him many previous admirers, mainly because he did not

condemn slavery (and had not since he was first mentioned as a candidate for. the :
oe and Spoke i in gee of the Fugitive Slave Law.

a Sr i Be is hE Me aa

 
256 Webster: “Liberty and union’

re ee eee
I wish to speak today, not as a Massachusetts man, nor as a Northern
man, but as an American and a member of the Senate of the United
States. It is fortunate that there is a Senate of the United States; a body
not yet moved from its propriety, nor lost to a just sense of its own
dignity and its own high responsibilities, and a body to which the
country looks, with confidence, for wise, moderate, patriotic, and healing
counsels, It is not to be denied that we live in the midst of strong
agitations and ate surrounded by very considerable dangers to our
institutions and government. The imprisoned winds are let loose. The

Kast, the North, and the stormy South combine to throw the whole

sea into commotion, to toss its billows to the skies, and disclose its
profoundest depths.

I do not affect to regard myself, Mr President, as holding, or fit to
hold, the helm in this combat with the political elements; but I have a
duty to perform, and I mean to perform it with fidelity, not without a
Sense of existing dangers, but not without hope. I have a part to act, not
_ for my own security ot safety, for I am looking out for no fragment
upon which to float away from the wreck, if wreck there must be, but
= _ for the good of the whole and the preservation of all; and there is that
~ which will keep me to my duty during this struggle, whether the sun
, and the stars shall appear for many days.
| I speak today for the preservation of the Union. ‘Hear me for my
cause,’ I speak today out of a solicitous and anxious heart, for the

  
 
 
 
  

sole motives, that influence me in the wish to communicate my opinions
__ to the Senate and the country; and if I can do anything, however little,
for the promotion of these ends, I shall have accomplished all that I
expect. S |

We all know, sir, that slavery has existed in the world from time
immemorial. There was slavery in the earliest periods of history, among
_ the Oriental nations. There was slavery among the Jews; the theocratic
_ government of that people issued no injunction against it. There was
slavery among the Greeks. At the introduction of Christianity, the
Roman world was full of slaves, and I suppose there is to be found no

_ injunction against that relation between man and man in the teachings of
the Gospel of Jesus Christ ot of any of His Apostles. aaah Bas
Now, sir, upon the general nature and influence of slavery there exists _
_ a wide difference of opinion between the Northern portion of this —

aw

  
Webster: ‘Liberty and unton’ £37
NO eee ce ecm

country and the Southern. It is said, on the one side, that, although not
the subject of any injunction or direct prohibition in the New Testament,
slavery is a wrong; that it is founded merely in the right of the strongest;
and that it is an oppression, like unjust wars, like all those conflicts by
which a powerful nation subjects a weaker to its will; and that, in its
nature, whatever may be said of it in the modifications which have taken
place, it is not according to the meek spirit of the Gospel. It is not
‘kindly affectioned’; it does not ‘seek another’s, and not its own’; it does
not ‘let the oppressed go free’. These are sentiments that are cherished,
and of late with greatly augmented force, among the people of the
Northern states. They have taken hold of the religious sentiment of that
part of the country, as they have, more or less, taken hold of the
religious feelings of a considerable portion of mankind. The South,
upon the other side, having been accustomed to this relation between
the two races all their lives; from their birth, having been taught, in
general, to treat the subjects of this bondage with care and kindness, and
I believe, in general, feeling great kindness for them, have not taken the
view of the subject which I have mentioned. There are thousands of
religious men, with consciences as tender as any of their brethren at the —
North, who do not see the unlawfulness of slavery; and there are more
thousands, perhaps, that, whatsoever they may think of it in its origin, —
and as a matter depending upon natural rights, yet take things as they —
are, and, finding slavery to be an established relation of the society in
which they live, can see no way in which, let their opinions on the
abstract question be what they may, it is in the power of this generation
to relieve themselves from this relation. And candor obliges me to say
that I believe they are just as conscientious, many of them, and the
religious people, all of them, as they are at the North who hold different
opinions... = a oS |
But we must view things as they are. Slavery does exist in the United
States. It did exist in the states before the adoption of this Constitution,
and at that time. Let us therefore, consider for a moment what was the _
State of sentiment, North and South, in regard to slavery — in regard to
slavery at the time this Constitution was adopted. A remarkable change _
has taken place since; but what did the wise and great men of all parts of _
the country think of slavery then? In what estimation did they hold it at _
the time when this Constitution was adopted? It will be found, sir, if we
will carry ourselves by historical research back to that day, and ascertain _
men’s opinions by authentic records still existing among us, that there
was no diversity of opinion between the North and the South upon the

seme

 

ne

eee

os

m3
i
ae
b

.
‘ ¢ 7 4

 
258 Webster: ‘Liberty and union’
ee ee a ae ne ee nee

subject of slavery. It will be found that both parts of the country held jt
equally an evil, a moral and political evil. It will not be found that,
either at the North or at the South, there was much, though there was
some, invective against slavery as inhuman and cruel. The great ground
of objection to it was political; that it weakened the social fabric; that,
taking the place of free labor, society became less strong and labor less
productive; and therefore we find from all the eminent men of the time
the clearest expression of their opinion that slavery is an evil. They
ascribed its existence here, not without truth, and not without some
acerbity of temper and force of language, to the injurious policy of the
mother country, who, to favor the navigator, had entailed these evils
upon the colonies ... You observe, sir, that the term s/ave or slavery is
not used in the Constitution. The Constitution does not require that
‘fugitive slaves’ shall be delivered up. It requires that persons held to
Service in one state, and escaping into another, shall be delivered up. Mr
‘Madison opposed the introduction of the term s/ave or slavery into the
_ Constitution; for he said that he did not wish to see it recognized by the
Constitution of the United States of America that there could be
property in men...
» Mr President, I should much prefer to have heard from every member
, on this floor declarations of opinion that this Union could never be
_ dissolved than the declaration of opinion by anybody that, in any case,
under the pressure of any circumstances, such a dissolution was possible.
 Thear with distress and anguish the word ‘secession’, especially when it
falls from the lips of those who are patriotic, and known to the country,
_ and known all over the world for their political services. Secession!
Peaceable secession! Sir, your eyes and mine are never destined to see
that miracle. The dismemberment of this vast country without convul-
sion! The breaking up of the fountains of the great deep without ruffling |
the surface! Who is so foolish — I beg everybody’s pardon — as to expect
to see any such thing? Sir, he who sees these States, now revolving in
harmony around a common center, and expects to see them quit their
places and fly off without convulsion, may look the next hour to see the
heavenly bodies rush from their spheres, and jostle against each other in
the realms of space, without causing the wreck of the universe. There
can be no such thing as a peaceable secession. Peaceable secession is an
_ utter impossibility. Is the great Constitution under which we live, —
covering this whole country, is it to be thawed and melted away by
secession, as the snows on the mountain melt under the influence of

%

 
   
  
  

ie

   
 

‘Sian

e a vernal sun, disappear almost unobserved, and run off? No, sir! No, sir! *

 

 
Webster: ‘Liberty and union’ Lae

sw

[ will not state what might produce the disruption of the Union; but, sir,
I see as plainly as I can see the sun in heaven what that disruption itself
must produce; I see that it must produce war...

And, now, Mr President, instead of speaking of the possibility or
utility of secession, instead of dwelling in those caverns of darkness,
instead of groping with those ideas so full of all that is horrid and
horrible, let us come out into the light of the day; let us enjoy the fresh
air of Liberty and Union; let us cherish those hopes which belong to us;
let us devote ourselves to those great objects that are fit for our
consideration and our action; let us raise our conceptions to the mag-
nitude and the importance of the duties that devolve upon us; let
out comprehension be as broad as the country for which we act, our
aspitations as high as its certain destiny; let us not be pygmies in a case
that calls for men. Never did there devolve on any generation of men
higher trusts than now devolve upon us, for the preservation of this
Constitution and the harmony and peace of all who are destined to live
under it. Let us make our generation one of the strongest and brightest
links in that golden chain which is destined, I fondly believe, to grapple
the people of all the states to this Constitution for ages to come. We
have a great, popular, constitutional government, guarded by law and —
by judicature, and defended by the affections of the whole people. No
monatchical throne presses these states together, no iron chain of
military power encircles them; they live and stand under a government
popular in its form, representative in its character, founded upon prin-

ciples of equality, and so constructed, we hope, as to last forever. In all its
history it has been beneficent; it has trodden down no man’s liberty; it

has crushed no state. Its daily respiration is liberty and patriotism; its
yet-youthful veins are full of enterprise, courage, and honorable love of
glory and renown. Large before, the country has now, by recent events,
become vastly larger. This Republic now extends, with a vast breadth,
across the whole continent. The two great seas of the world wash the
one and the other shore. We realize, on a mighty scale, the beautiful
description of the ornamental border of the buckler of Achilles:

 

Now, the broad shield complete, the artist crowned
With his last hand, and poured the ocean round;

_ In living silver seemed the waves to roll,

And beat the bucklet’s verge, and bound the whole,

   
ee OD ce RR ee ee fee Oe LL TIGRE OT ES

SP

FREDERICK DOUGLASS
4 July 1852

‘I hear the mournful wail of millions’

Frederick Douglass (c. 1813-95) the son of an unknown white man, suffered as g
slave hefore escaping in his early twenties. By hard study, constant Speaking,
writing his autobiography and spending two years in England as a precaution
against capture by his former owners, he became the leading black abolitioniss
Speaker in the era before the Civil War.

Douglass delivered this speech at Rochester, New York, to commemorate the
Declaration of Independence — a speech, which, if it had been delivered in many
A merican cities, would have resulted in a mobbing.

Fellow citizens, above your national, tumultuous joy, I hear the mournful

wail of millions! whose chains, heavy and grievous yesterday, ate, today,
__ rendered more intolerable by the jubilee shouts that reach them. If I do
. forget, if I do not faithfully remember those bleeding children of sorrow
) this day, ‘may my right hand forget her cunning, and may my tongue
| cleave to the roof of my mouth’! To forget them, to pass lightly over
_ their wrongs, and to chime in with the popular theme would be treason
7 most scandalous and shocking, and would make me a reproach before
- God and the world. | = 3
My subject, then, fellow citizens, is American slavery. I shall see this
_ day and its popular characteristics from the slave’s ‘point of view.
_ Standing there identified with the American bondman, making his
-wrtongs mine. I do not hesitate to declare with all my soul that the

 
    
   
   

__ character and conduct of this nation never looked blacker to me than on
this Fourth of July! Whether we turn to the declarations of the past or
ee to the professions of the present, the conduct of the nation seems equally
__ hideous and revolting. America is false to the past, false to the present,
and solemnly binds herself to be false to the future. Standing with God

 
Douglass: ‘I hear the mournful wail of millions’ 261
ee Te ee a a ee ea er a a

excuse’; I will use the severest language I can command; and yet not one
word shall escape me that any man, whose judgement is not blinded by

prejudice, or who is not at heart a slaveholder, shall not confess to be
right and just. 3

But I fancy I hear someone of my audience say, ‘It is just in this
circumstance that you and your brother abolitionists fail to make a
favorable impression on the public mind. Would you argue more and
denounce less, would you persuade more and rebuke less, your cause
would be much more likely to succeed.’ But, I submit, where all is plain
there is nothing to be argued. What point in the anti-slavery creed
would you have me argue? On what branch of the subject do the people
of this country need light? Must I undertake to prove that the slave is a
man? That point is conceded already. Nobody doubts it. The slaveholders
themselves acknowledge it in the enactment of laws for their govern-
ment. They acknowledge it when they punish disobedience on the part
of the slave. There are seventy-two crimes in the state of Virginia which, _
if committed by a black man (no matter how ignorant he be), subject |
him to the punishment of death; while only two of the same crimes will
subject a white man to the like punishment. What is this but the
acknowledgement that the slave is a moral, intellectual, and responsible _
being? The manhood of the slave is conceded. It is admitted in the fact
that Southern statute books are covered with enactments forbidding,
under severe fines and penalties, the teaching of the slave to read or to
write. When you can point to any such laws in reference to the beasts of
the field, then I may consent to argue the manhood of the slave. When
the dogs in your streets, when the fowls of the air, when the cattle on
your hills, when the fish of the sea and the reptiles that crawl shall be
unable to distinguish the slave from a brute, then will I argue with you
that the slave is a man! ee
- For the present, it is enough to affirm the equal manhood of the
Negro race. Is it not astonishing that, while we are plowing, planting,
and reaping, using all kinds of mechanical tools, erecting houses, con-
structing bridges, building ships, working in metals of brass, iron,

_ copper, silver, and gold; that, while we are reading, writing, and _
ciphering, acting as clerks, merchants, and secretaries, having among us _ a

 

 

lawyers, doctors, ministers, poets, authors, editors, orators, and teachers:

“ iy

that, while we are engaged in all manner of enterprises common to other _
men, digging gold in California, capturing the whale in the Pacific,
feeding sheep and cattle on the hillside, livin =
Planning, living in families as husbands, wi

 
   

g, moving, acting, thinking,
ves, and children, and, above _

 
 

262 Douglass: ‘I hear the mournful wail of millions’
SSRs ee oni enmersceeemeeeeeeeere re
all, confessing and worshiping the Christian’s God, and looking hope-
fully for life and immortality beyond the grave, we are called upon to
prove that we are men! |
Would you have me argue that man is entitled to liberty? that he is
the rightful owner of his own body? You have already declared it. Must
I argue the wrongfulness of slavery? Is that a question for republicans?
Is it to be settled by the rules of logic and argumentation, as a matter
beset with great difficulty, involving a doubtful application of the
principle of justice, hard to be understood? How should I look today, in
the presence of Americans, dividing and subdividing a discourse, to
show that men have a natural right to freedom? speaking of it relatively
and positively, negatively and affirmatively? To do so would be to make
myself ridiculous and to offer an insult to your understanding. There is
not a man beneath the canopy of heaven that does not know that slavery
is wrong for him.

What, am I to argue that it is wrong to make men brutes, to rob them
of their liberty, to work them without wages, to keep them ignorant of
their relations to their fellow men, to beat them with sticks, to flay their

flesh with the lash, to load their limbs with irons, to hunt them with
_ dogs, to sell them at auction, to sunder their families, to knock out their
_ teeth, to burn their flesh, to starve them into obedience and submission
to their masters? Must I argue that a system thus marked with blood,
-and stained with pollution, is wrong? No! I will not. I have better
employment for my time and strength than such arguments would
imply. 3 3

What, then, remains to be argued? Is it that slavery is not divine; that
God did not establish it; that our doctors of divinity are mistaken?
There is blasphemy in the thought. That which is inhuman cannot be
divine! Who can reason on such a proposition? They that can may; I
cannot. The time for such argument is past.

_ At a time like this, scorching iron, not convincing argument, is
needed. O! had I the ability, and could I reach the nation’s ear, I would
today pour out a fiery stream of biting ridicule, blasting reproach,
withering sarcasm, and stern rebuke. For it is not light that is needed,

but fire; it is not the gentle shower, but thunder. We need the storm, the —

Sg

 

whirlwind, and the earthquake. The feeling of the nation must be
quickened; the conscience of the nation must be roused; the propriety
of the nation must be startled; the hypocrisy of the nation must be
_ exposed; and its crimes against God and man must be proclaimed and —
denounced. ro . 7 z

  
 

Douglass: ‘I hear the mournful wail of millions’ 263

 

What, to the American slave, is your Fourth of July? I answer: a day
that reveals to him, more than all other days in the year, the gross
injustice and cruelty to which he is the constant victim. To him, your
celebration is a sham; your boasted liberty, an unholy license, your
national greatness, swelling vanity; your sounds of rejoicing are empty
and heartless; your denunciation of tyrants, brass-fronted impudence;
your shouts of liberty and equality, hollow mockery; your prayers and
hymns, your sermons and thanksgivings, with all your religious parade —
and solemnity, are, to him, mere bombast, fraud, deception, impiety, and
hypocrisy — a thin veil to cover up crimes which would disgrace a nation
of savages. There is not a nation of savages. There is not a nation on the
earth guilty of practices more shocking and bloody than are the poppe: :
of the United States at this very hour. |

Go where you may, search where you will, roam through all the
monarchies and despotisms of the Old World, travel through South
America, seatch out every abuse, and when you have found the last, lay _
your facts by the side of the everyday practices of this nation, and you.
will say with me that, for revolting barbarity and shameless hypocrisy,
America reigns without a rival. | ;

 

aie
 
HENRY BROUGHAM
1812

‘I stand up. . . against the friends and followers of Mr Pit’

After leaving Scotland, where his liberal views denied him promotion, the Scottish
lawyer Henry Brougham (1778-1868) had been an MP for two years when he
first displayed his talent for invective in this speech against the policy of William
Pitt the Younger at the Liverpool Election in 1812.

He was such a vehement speaker that one English judge described him as the

“Harangue’. He used repetition and exaggeration as powerful oratorical weapons.
In this speech six sentences start with his derisive use of the word ‘immortal’.

Gentlemen, when I told you a little while ago that there were new and
powerful reasons today for ardently desiting that our cause might
succeed, I did not sport with you — yourselves shall now judge of them. _
I ask you — is the trade with America of any importance to this great | i
and thickly peopled town? (Cries of ‘Yes! yes!’) Is a continuance of the
rupture with America likely to destroy that trade? (Loud cries of ‘It is! it —
is!’) Is there any man who would deeply feel it, if he heard that the
rupture was at length converted into open war? Is there a man present
who would not be somewhat alarmed if he supposed that we should
have another year without the American trade? Is there any one of

nerves so hardy, as calmly to hear that our government have given up
all negotiation — abandoned all hopes of speedy peace with America?
Then I tell that man to brace up his nerves — I bid you all be prepared
to hear what touches you all equally. We are by this day’s intelligence at
war with America in good eatnest — our government have at length
issued letters of marque and reprisal against the United States! (Universal
cries of ‘God help us! God help us!’) Aye, God help us! God of his infinite |
compassion take pity on us! God help and protect this poor town — and ©
this whole trading country!

Now, I ask you whether you will be tepresented in Parliament = the
men who have brought this grievous calamity on your heads, or by those
who have constantly opposed the mad career which was plunging us into _

it? Whether will you trust the revival of your trade — the restoration _
of your livelihood — to them who have destroyed it, or to me whose
counsels, if followed in time, would have averted this unnatural war, and —

  
268 Brougham: ‘I stand up . . . against the friends of Mr Pitt’
$e

left Liverpool flourishing in opulence and peace? Make your choice —
for it lies with yourselves which of us shall be commissioned to bring back
commerce and plenty — they whose stubborn infatuation has chased those
blessings away — ot we, who are only known to you as the strenuous
enemies of their miserable policy, the fast friends of your best interests.
Gentlemen, I stand up in this contest against the friends and followers
of Mr Pitt, or, as they partially designate him, the immortal statesman
now no more. Immortal in the miseries of his devoted country! Immortal
in the wounds of her bleeding liberties! Immortal in the cruel wars
which sprang from his cold miscalculating ambition! Immortal in the
intolerable taxes, and countless loads of debt which these wars have
flung upon us — which the youngest man amongst us will not live to see
the end of! Immortal in the triumphs of our enemies, and the ruin of our
allies, the costly purchase of so much blood and treasure! Immortal in
the afflictions of England, and the humiliation of her friends, through
__ the whole results of his twenty years’ reign, from the first rays of favour
with which a delighted Court gilded his early apostacy, to the deadly
glare which is at this instant cast ‘upon his name by the burning
metropolis of our last ally! (The news of the burning of Moscow had arrived by
that day's post.) But may no such immortality ever fall to my lot — let me
_tather live innocent and inglorious; and when at last I cease to serve

you, and to feel for your wrongs, may I have an humble monument in
some nameless stone, to tell that beneath it there rests from his labours

in your service, ‘an enemy of the immortal statesman — a friend of peace
and of the people’. :

Friends! you must now judge for yourselves, and act accordingly.
_ Against us and against you stand those who call themselves the successors
of that man. They are the heirs of his policy; and if not of his

immortality too, it is only because their talents for the work of destruc-
tion are less transcendent than his. They are his surviving colleagues.
His fury survives in them if not his fite; and they partake of all his
infatuated principles, if they have lost the genius that first made those
principles triumphant. If you choose them for your delegates, you know
to what policy you lend your sanction — what men you exalt to power.
Should you prefer me, your choice falls upon one who, if obscure and —

 

_ unambitious, will at least give his own age no reason to fear him, or

posterity to curse him — one whose proudest ambition it is to be deemed S
the friend of Liberty and of Peace. es

   
Canning: ‘The interest of England’ 269

 

GEORGE CANNING
1823

‘The interest of England’

Some critics of oratory consider George Canning (1770-1827) the only English
speaker of the first half of the nineteenth century to stand comparison with John
Bright. 3

Al disciple of Pitt, he was serving his second stint as Foreign Secretary under
Lord Liverpool when he made this speech after receiving the freedom of the naval
town of Plymouth, and put his faith in the English navy as the symbol of world

peace.

Gentlemen, the end which I confess I have always had in view, and
which appears to be the legitimate object of pursuit to a British states-
man, I can describe in one word. The language of modern philosophy is
wisely and diffusely benevolent; it professes the perfection of our
species, and the amelioration of the lot of all mankind. Gentlemen, I
hope that my heart beats as high for the general interest of humanity — I
hope that I have as friendly a disposition towards other nations of the
earth, as any one who vaunts his philanthropy most highly; but I am
contented to confess, that in the conduct of political affairs, the grand
object of my contemplation is the interest of England.
Not, gentlemen, that the interest of England is an interest which
stands isolated and alone. The situation which she holds forbids an
exclusive selfishness, her prosperity must contribute to the prosperity of
other nations, and her stability to the safety of the world. But, intimately
connected as we are with the system of Europe, it does not follow that
we are therefore called upon to mix ourselves on every occasion, with a

restless and meddling activity, in the concerns of the nations which =

surround us. It is upon a just balance of conflicting duties, and of rival,
but sometimes incompatible, advantages, that a government must judge
when to put forth its strength, and when to husband it for occasions yet
to come. |

Our ultimate object must be the peace of the world. That object may
sometimes be best attained by prompt exertions — sometimes by absti-
hence from interposition in contests which we cannot prevent. I
these Principles that, as has been most truly observed by m

 

 

 
 

tisupon

~~ i

y worthy

 
270 Canning: ‘The interest of England’
Tye ae re, ie age eee oy Wg ea See ee a en ee ean eee

friend, it did not appear to the government of this country to be
necessary that Great Britain should mingle in the recent contest betw
France and Spain.

Your worthy Recorder has accurately classed the persons who would
have driven us into that contest. There were undoubtedly among them
those who desired to plunge this country into the difficulties of war,
partly from the hope that those difficulties would overwhelm the adminis-
tration; but it would be most unjust not to admit that there were others
who were actuated by nobler principles and more generous feelings who
would have rushed forward at once from the sense of indignation at
aggression, and who deemed that no act of injustice could be perpetrated
from one end of the universe to the other, but that the sword of Great
Britain should leap from its scabbard to avenge it. But as it is the
province of law to control the excess even of laudable passions and
propensities in individuals, so it is the duty of government to restrain
within due bounds the ebullition of national sentiment, and to regulate
ae course and direction of impulses which it cannot blame.

Is there any one among the latter class of persons described by my
Sepoarble friend (for to the former I have nothing to say), who
continues to doubt whether the government did wisely in declining to
_ obey the precipitate enthusiasm which prevailed at the commencement
_ of the contest in Spain? Is there anybody who does not now think, that
_ it was the office of government to examine more closely all the various
_ bearings of so complicated a question, to consider whether they were
called upon to assist a united nation, or to plunge themselves into the
internal feuds by which that nation was divided — to aid in repelling a

foreign invader, or, to take part in a civil war? Is there any man that
does not now see what would have been the extent of burdens that
would have been cast upon this country? Is there any one who does not
acknowledge that, under such circumstances, the enterprise would have
been one to be characterized only by a term borrowed from that part of
the Spanish literature with which we are most familiar, — quixotic; an
enterprise, romantic in its origin, and thankless in the end?
_ But while we thus control even our feelings by our duty, let it not be
said that we cultivate peace, either because we fear, or because we are
“unprepared for, war; on the contrary, if eight months ago the govern-
_ ment did not hesitate to proclaim that the country was prepared for wat,
_ if war should be unfortunately necessary, every month of peace that gee | d
since passed, has but made us so much the more capable of exertion.
i be resources created by peace are means of war. In cherishing - those “3

een

 

   
 
 
 
  

  
  
 

Canning: ‘The interest of England’ 271

inna LT ETE Te ee OM ee eT en ee re eee eee ee

resources, we but accumulate those means. Our present repose is no
more a proof of inability to act, than the state of inertness and inactivity
in which I have seen those mighty masses that float in the waters above
your town, is a proof they are devoid of strength, and incapable of being
fitted out for action. You well know, gentlemen, how soon one of those
stupendous masses, now teposing on their shadows in perfect stillness, —
how soon, upon any call of patriotism, or of necessity, it would assume
the likeness of an animated thing, instinct with life and motion — how
soon it would ruffle, as it were, its swelling plumage — how quickly it
would put forth all its beauty and its bravery, collect its scattered
elements of strength, and awaken its dormant thunder. Such as is one of
these magnificent machines when springing from inaction into a display
of its might — such is England herself, while apparently passive and
motionless she silently concentrates the power to be put forth on an
adequate occasion. But God forbid that that occasion should arise.

After a war sustained for nearly a quarter of a century — sometimes
single-handed, and with all Europe arrayed at times against her or at her
side, England needs a period of tranquillity, and may enjoy it without
fear of misconstruction. Long may we be enabled, gentlemen, to improve
the blessings of our present situation, to cultivate the arts of peace, to
give to commerce, now reviving, greater extension and new spheres of
employment, and to confirm the prosperity now generally diffused
throughout this island. Of the blessings of peace, gentlemen, I trust that
this borough, with which I have now the honour and happiness of being
associated, will receive an ample share. I trust the time is not far distant,
when that noble structure of which, as I learn from your Recorder, the
box with which you have honoured me, through his hands, formed a
part, that gigantic barrier against the fury of the waves that roll into
your harbour, will protect a commercial marine not less considerable in
its kind, than the warlike marine of which your port has been long so
distinguished an asylum, when the town of Plymouth will participate in

the commercial prosperity as largely as it has hitherto done in n the naval
glories of England. |

a ee ‘
ie a ae a ad

 
Peel: “4 moral necessity’

ROBERT PEEL
5 March 1829

‘A moral necessity’

As Home Secretary from 1828, Robert Peel ~ who as Secretary for Ireland had
been nicknamed ‘Orange Peel’ because he so powerfully opposed Catholic emancipa-
tion — made a major change in his principles and piloted the Catholic Emancipation
Bill through the Commons. A Jter Daniel O’Connell was elected for County Clare
but, asa Catholic, barred Jrom taking his seat, Peel was persuaded there would be
civil war unless emancipation was Lranted.

On 4 March, Peel had told George IV he would resign if the King insisted on
blocking the bill. Early next morning, the King relented. A few hours later Peel
stood up to ask the House to consider the laws imposing disabilities on Roman
Catholics. It was a dramatic moment in Peel’s personal career. Rumours of the

dissension between the King and his ministers had been flying round London and
the House was packed to suffocation as Peel rose to vindicate his decision. He
spoke for four hours and made the greatest speech he had yet delivered.

I rise as a minister of the King, and sustained by the just authority
__ which belongs to that character, to vindicate the advice given to His
Majesty by a united Cabinet — to insert in his gracious speech the
recommendation which has just been read respecting the propriety of
taking into consideration the condition of Ireland, and the removal of
the civil disabilities affecting our Roman Catholic fellow-subjects. I rise,
sit, in the spirit of peace, to propose the adjustment of the Roman
‘Catholic question — that question which has so long and so painfully
- occupied the attention of Parliament, and which has distracted the
councils of the King for the last thirty years. I rise, sir, to discuss this
great question in the spirit inculcated in one of those simple and
_ beautiful prayers with which the proceedings of this House were on this _
_ day auspicated. In that solemn appeal to the almighty source of all
wisdom and goodness, we are enjoined to lay aside all private interests,
prejudices, and partial affections, that the result of our councils may tend
to the maintenance of true religion and justice; the safety, honour, and
happiness of the King; the public wealth, peace, and tranquillity of the
_ tealm; and the uniting and knitting together of the hearts of all persons
and estates within the same in true christian charity. 5 |

 

   
Peel: “A moral necessity’ 273

ea ee erences serene eens eral ce eat So eg ee

I have been called upon to state the reasons which have swayed me in
the adoption of the course I now advocate, and which is in Opposition
to that which I have so long pursued. And for the satisfaction of those
who have made this appeal to me, and for the satisfaction of the people

of this country, I will endeavour to make out the case I have been
challenged to establish. ——

I am well aware, sir, that I speak in the presence of a House of
Commons, the majority of which is prepared to vote in favour of an
adjustment of this question, upon higher grounds than those on which I
desire to rest my arguments. To them it is needless to appeal. But I trust
that, in what I shall think it necessary to say, less with the personal
object of self-vindication than with a view to satisfy the great body of
the people of this empire; those who require no reasoning to convince
them will bear with me while I go through the details of an argument
which has pressed on my mind with the force of demonstration. Sir, I
have for years attempted to maintain the exclusion of Roman Catholics
from Parliament and the high offices of the state. I do not think it was
an unnatural or an unreasonable struggle. I resign it, in consequence of
the conviction that it can be no longer advantageously maintained; from
believing that there are not adequate materials or sufficient instruments
for its effectual and permanent continuance. I yield, therefore, to a moral
necessity which I cannot control, unwilling to push resistance to a point
which might endanger the establishments that I wish to defend. . .

Does that moral necessity exist? Is there more danger in continued
resistance than in concession accompanied with measures of restriction
and precaution? © |

My object is to prove, by argument, the affirmative answer to these

 

questions.
In that argument, I shall abstain from all discussions upon the natural

or social rights of man. I shall enter into no disquisitions upon the
theories of government. My argument will turn upon a practical view of
the present condition of affairs, and upon the consideration, not of what
may be said, but what is to be done under circumstances of immediate
and pressing difficulty.

Sir, the outline of my argument is this: we are placed in a position in
which we cannot remain. We cannot continue stationary. There is an
evil in divided cabinets and distracted councils which can be no longer
tolerated. This is my first position. I do not say, in the first instance,
what we are to do in consequence. I merely declare that our present —
position is untenable. Supposing this established, and supposing it~

 
274 Peel: “A moral necessity’
oe Se Se ee ee ee
conceded, that a united government must be formed; in the next place |
say, that that government must choose one of two courses.

They must
advance, ot they must recede. They must grant further political Privileges
to the Roman Catholics, or they must retract those already given, They
must remove the barriers that obstruct the continued flow of relaxation
and indulgence, or they must roll back to its source the mighty curtent
which has been let in upon us, year after year, by the gradual withdrawal
of restraint...

Sit, I detailed, on a former occasion, that a dreadful commotion had
distracted the public mind in Ireland — that a feverish agitation and
unnatural excitement prevailed, to a degree scarcely credible, throughout
the entire country. I attempted to show that social intercourse was
poisoned there in its very springs — that family was divided against
family, and man against his neighbour — that, in a word, the bonds of
social life were almost dissevered — that the fountains of public justice
were corrupted — that the spirit of discord walked openly abroad — and

that an atray of physical force was marshalled in defiance of all law and
to the imminent danger of the public peace. I ask, sir, could this state of
things be suffered to exist, and what course were we to pursue? Perhaps

b --1 shall be told, as I was on a former occasion, in forcible, though

familiar language, that “This is the old story! that all this has been so for

S the last twenty years, and that therefore there is no reason for a change.’

_ Why, sir, this is the very reason for the change. It is because the evil is

_ hot casual and temporary, but permanent and inveterate — it is because

_ the detail of misery and of outrage is nothing but ‘the old story’, that I

E am contented to run the hazards of a change. We cannot determine upon

_ temaining idle spectators of the discord and disturbance of Ireland. The

universal voice of the country declares that something must be done; I

- am but echoing the sentiments of all reasonable men, when I repeat that

something must be done. , ae ,

_ Sir, objections, solid objections, if considered abstractedly, may be

_ brought forward against the details of evety measure of an extensive and

* - complicated nature, like the present. Depend upon it, we shall never

oa settle the Catholic question, if every man is determined to settle it in his

own way, and according to his own peculiar views and wishes. We

_ never shall settle it, unless we are prepared to make mutual concessions _

and sacrifices. I admit the possibility of danger from the grant of relief; _

_ but I ask the Protestants whether there be not a prospect, that, by —

_ uniting the Protestant mind on this subject, we shall be able to find new ra

_ and sufficient securities, against any difficulties that may possibly arise

a,

    
  
   

ot eg ee
ait eet

   

   
Peel: “A moral necessity’ v3

— ao

out of the settlement of this question. I ask the Roman Catholics to
contemplate the extent of privilege that is conferred, and the sacrifices
which we make, by consenting to repeal the laws which have given an
exclusive character to the legislature and government of this country.
Let them meet us in the same spirit, and manifest an anxious wish to
allay every reasonable apprehension. God grant that the sanguine expecta-
tions of those who for so many years have advised this settlement may
be fulfilled! God grant that the removal of the disabilities, that have so
long affected our Roman Catholic fellow-subjects, may be attended by
the desired effect; and assuage the civil contentions of Ireland! — that, by
the admission of the Roman Catholics to a full and equal participation in
civil rights, and by the establishment of a free and cordial intercourse
between all classes of his Majesty’s subjects, mutual jealousies may be

removed; and that we may be taught, instead of looking at each other as _

adversaries and opponents, to respect and value each other, and to
discover the existence of qualities, on both sides, that were not attributed
to either!

Perhaps I am not so sanguine as others in my expectations of the
future; but I have not the slightest hesitation in saying, that I fully

believe that the adjustment of this question, in the manner proposed,
will give better and stronger securities to the Protestant interest and the
Protestant establishment, than any that the present state of things admits

of; and will avert evils and dangers impending and immediate. What

motive, I ask, can I have for the expression of these opinions, but the
honest conviction of their truth? I have watched the progress of events.
I have seen, day by day, disunion and hatred increasing, and the

prospects of peace obscured by the gloomy advance of discontent, and —
suspicion and distrust creeping on ‘step by step’ — to quote the words of -

Mr Grattan — ‘like the mist at the heels of the countryman’. I well know

that I might have taken a more popular and a mote selfish course. I =
might have held language much mote acceptable to the friends with |
whom I have long acted, and to the constituents whom I have lately —

lost. His ego gratiora dictu alia esse scio; sed me vera pro gratis logui, et si —

meumm ingenium non moneret, necessitas cogit. Vellem equidem vobis placere: sea

multo malo vos salvos esse; qualicungue erga me animo futuri estis.* In the

*‘T am aware that there are other things 1 more pleasant to say than these; but even if my =
natural disposition did not incline me thereto, necessity compels me to say what is true
rather than what is pleasant. I should indeed like to please you; but I had much rather —

ch 75). be safe, whatever may be your future Se towards me’ (Livy, os Ty
c Sane |

 

 
 

276 Peel: “A moral necessity’
ee gn ea Ngee ee

course I have taken, I have been mainly influenced by the anxious desire
to provide for the maintenance of Protestant interests; and for the
security of Protestant establishments. This is my defence — this jg my
consolation — this shall be my revenge.

sir, I will hope for the best. God grant that the moral storm may be
appeased — that the turbid waters of strife may be settled and composed
— and that, having found their just level, they may be mingled, with
equal flow, in one clear and common stream. But, if these expectations
are to be disappointed — if, unhappily, civil strife and contention shall
survive the restoration of political privileges: — if there is something
inherent in the spirit of the Roman Catholic religion which disdains
equality, and will be satisfied with nothing but ascendancy — still, I am
content to run the hazard of the change. The contest, if inevitable, will
be fought for other objects, and with other arms. The struggle will be —
not for the abolition of civil distinctions — but for the predominance of

an intolerant religion. |

Sir, I contemplate the progress of that struggle with pain; but I look
forward to its issue with perfect composure and confidence. We shall
have dissolved the great moral alliance that has hitherto given strength
_ to the cause of the Roman Catholics. We shall range on our side the
illustrious authorities which have heretofore been enlisted upon theirs; —
_ the rallying cry of ‘Civil Liberty’ will then be all our own. We shall enter
the field with the full assurance of victory — armed with the consciousness
of having done justice, and of being in the right — backed by the
unanimous feeling of England — by the firm union of orthodoxy and
dissent — by the applauding voice of Scotland; and, if other aid be

sphere, and by the wishes and the prayers of every freeman, in whatever
clime, or under whatever form of government his lot may have been
cast. I move you, sir, “That the House resolve itself into a committee of
the whole House, to consider of the laws imposing civil disabilities on
His Majesty’s Roman Catholic subjects.’

The speech was a national triumph. The Act of 1829 was a sentence of death on
the Anglican settlement made at the 1688 revolution. Yet Peel, once the idolized
champion of the Protestant party, became an outcast and the scapegoat for the
Wellington government, which lost power the Sollowing year.

aes

  
ASC

Macaulay: ‘Renew the youth of the state’ Z7 7

 

THOMAS MACAULAY
2 March 1831

‘Renew the youth of the state’

The Whigs returned to power in 1830 pledged to reform Parliament. Under the
first Reform Bill of 1830, power was transferred to the industrial towns and the
counties with big populations. It meant that many boroughs would lose their MPs
and one in four of the existing constituencies would disappear.

Thomas Babington Macaulay (1800-1859), author of the classtc History of
England, was also a distinguished orator who entered Parliament as a Whig in
1830 and soon made his reputation with his speeches defending reform. He made

this speech during a debate on a motion introduced by Lord Russell to amend the
representation of the people in England and Wales. :

The question of parliamentary reform is still behind. But signs, of which
it is impossible to misconceive the import, do most clearly indicate that
unless that question also be speedily settled, property and order, and all
the institutions of this great monarchy, will be exposed to fearful peril.
Is it possible that gentlemen long versed in high political affairs cannot
read these signs? Is it possible that they can really believe that the
representative system of England, such as it now is, will last to the year
1860? If not, for what would they have us wait? Would they have us
wait merely that we may show to all the world how little we have
profited by our own recent experience? Would they have us wait that we
may once again hit the exact point where we can neither refuse with

authority nor concede with grace? Would they have us wait that the ©

numbers of the discontented party may become larger, its demands
higher, its feelings more actimonious, its organization more complete?

 

Would they have us wait till the whole tragi-comedy of 1827 has been _

acted over again? till they have been brought into office by a cry of ‘No |

reform’, to be reformers, as they were once before brought into office by
a cry of ‘No popery’, to be emancipators? Have they obliterated from
_ their minds — gladly, perhaps, would some among them obliterate from

their minds — the transactions of that year? And have they forgotten all
the transactions of the succeeding year? Have they forgotten how the
spirit of liberty in Ireland, debarred from its natural outlet, found a vent
by forbidden passages? Have they forgotten how we were forced to _

 

 
278 Macaulay: ‘Renew the youth of the state’
$e

indulge the Catholics in all the licence of rebels, metely because we
chose to withhold from them the liberties of subjects? Do they wait for
associations more formidable than that of the Corn Exchange, for
contributions larger than the Rent, for agitators more violent than those
who, three years ago, divided with the King and the Parliament the
sovereignty of Ireland? Do they wait for that last and most dreadful
paroxysm of popular rage, for that last and most cruel test of military
fidelity? Let them wait, if their past experience shall induce them to
think that any high honour or any exquisite pleasure is to be obtained by

_a policy like this. Let them wait, if this strange and fearful infatuation be
indeed upon them, that they should not see with their eyes, or hear with
their ears, or understand with their heart. But let us know our interest
and our duty better.

Turn whete we may, within, around, the voice of great events is
proclaiming to us, reform, that you may preserve. Now, therefore, while
everything at home and abroad forebodes ruin to those who persist in a
hopeless struggle against the spirit of the age; now, while the crash of

_ the proudest throne of the Continent is still resounding in our ears; now,
_ while the roof of a British palace affords an ignominious shelter to the
» exiled heir of forty kings; now, while we see on every side ancient
_ institutions subverted and great societies dissolved; now, while the heart
_ of England is still sound; now, while old feelings and old associations
| retain a power and a charm which may too soon pass away; now, in this
- your accepted time; now, in this your day of salvation, take counsel, not
of prejudice, not of party spirit, not of the ignominious pride of a fatal
consistency, but of history, of reason, of the ages which are past, of the
signs of this most portentous time. Pronounce in a manner worthy of
the expectation with which this great debate has been anticipated, and of
_ the long remembrance which it will leave behind. Renew the youth of
the state. Save property, divided against itself. Save the multitude,
endangered by its own ungovernable passions. Save the aristocracy,
endangered by its own unpopular power. Save the greatest, and fairest,
and most highly civilized community that ever existed from calamities
__ which may in a few days sweep away all the rich heritage of so many
ae ages of wisdom and glory. The danger is terrible. The time is short. If
this bill should be rejected, I pray to God that none of those who concur
Pe ag rejecting it may ever remember their votes with unavailing remorse —
amidst the wreck of laws, the confusion of ranks, the spoliation Ce
property, and the dissolution of social order. ee

 

®

 
Peel: ‘The dangers which menace states’ 279

 

ROBERT PEEL
3 Match 1831

‘The dangers which menace states’

As leader of the opposition, Peel, who had succeeded to the baronetcy in 1830,
opposed reform. He had sat, half angry, half contemptuous, as the staggering scope

of the proposed reform was revealed by Russell. On the night after Macaulay,
after a weak speech by Lord Palmerston, he rose tO Speak.

We should do well to consider, before we consent to the condemna-
tion of own institutions, what are the dangers which menace states with
ruin or decay. Compare our fate with other countries of Europe
during the period of the last century and a half. Not one has been
exempt from the miseries of foreign invasion, scatcely one has preserved
its independence inviolate. In how many have there been changes of the
dynasty, or the severest conflicts between the several orders of the state?
In this country we have had to encounter severe trials, and have ~
encountered them with uniform success. Amid foreign wars, the shock _
of disputed successions, rebellion at home, extreme distress, the bitter — ;
contention of parties, the institutions of this country have stood 5
uninjured. The ambition of military conquerors — of men endeared, by
success, to disciplined armies, never have endangered, and never could
endanger the supremacy of the law, or master the control of public —
opinion. These were the powerful instruments that shattered with

_ impunity the staff of Marlborough, and crumbled into dust the power of —
Wellington. Other states have fallen from the too great influence of a _
military spirit, and the absorption of power by standing armies. What is
the character of the armies which our commanders led to victory? The
most formidable engines that skill and valour could direct against a
foreign enemy; but in peace, the pliant, submissive instruments of civil
power. ‘Give us,’ says the member for Waterford, ‘give us for the
repression of outrage and insurrection the regular army, for the people —
respect it for its courage, and love it for its courteous forbearance, and __
patience, and ready subjection to the law.” And what, sit, are the *
practical advantages which we are now promised, as the consequence of | "y
the change we are invited to make, as the compensation for the risk we 2
must incur? Positively not one. Up to this hour, no one has pretended a

 

  
    
  

J

Fy

é ee

gi —
£

: '

 
 

gle

 

280 Peel: “The dangers which menace states’

rr nn

that we shall gain anything by the change, excepting, indeed, that we
shall conciliate the public favour. Why, no doubt, you cannot propose to
share your power with half a million of men without gaining some
popularity — without purchasing by such a bribe some portion of good-
will. But these are vulgar arts of government; others will outbid you,
not now, but at no remote period — they will offer votes and power to a
million of men, will quote your precedent for the concession, and will

carry your principles to their legitimate and natural consequences . . .

Let us never be tempted to resign the well-tempered freedom which
we enjoy, in the ridiculous pursuit of the wild liberty which France has
established. What avails that liberty which has neither justice nor wisdom
for its companions — which neither brings peace nor prosperity in its
train? It was the duty of the King’s government to abstain from
agitating this question at such a period as the present — to abstain from
the excitement throughout this land of that conflict — (God grant it may
be only a moral conflict!) — which must arise between the possessors of
existing privileges, and those to whom they are to be transferred. It was
the duty of the government to calm, not to stimulate, the fever of

popular excitement. They have adopted a different course — they have
sent through the land the firebrand of agitation, and no one can now

recall it. Let us hope that there are limits to their powers of mischief.
They have, like the giant enemy of the Philistines, lighted three hundred
brands, and scattered through the country discord and dismay; but God
forbid that they should, like him, have the power to concentrate in death
all the energies that belong to life, and to signalize their own destruction
by bowing to the earth the pillars of that sacred edifice, which contains
within its walls, according even to their own admission, ‘the noblest
society of freemen in the world’,

The subsequent Reform Act was passed in 1832.
AI RNE MA Fey RRA DES Sata So ae CTE EI Oe

HENRY BROUGHAM
7 October 1831

‘Reject not this bill!’

After being elected for the county of York in 1830, the Whigs persuaded Henry
Brougham to accept a peerage and he became Lord Chancellor. Although Speaking
from the House of Lords, he made a significant contribution to the success of the
Reform Bill. Many contemporaries considered his speech on the second reading of
the bill — of which this was the peroration — as his masterpiece.

My Lords, I do not disguise the intense solicitude which I feel for the
event of this debate, because I know full well that the peace of the
country is involved in the issue. I cannot look without dismay at the
rejection of the measure. But grievous as may be the consequences of a
temporary defeat — temporary it can only be; for its ultimate, and even
speedy, success is certain. Nothing can now stop it. Do not suffer
yourselves to be persuaded that even if the present ministers were driven
from the helm, anyone could steer you through the troubles which
surround you without reform. But our successors would take up the
task in circumstances far less auspicious. Under them, you would be fain
to grant a bill compared with which the one we now proffer you is
moderate indeed. Hear the parable of the sibyl; for it conveys a wise and ~
wholesome moral. She now appears at your gate, and offers you mildly
the volumes — the precious volumes — of wisdom and peace. The price
she asks is reasonable: to restore the franchise which, without any
batgain, you ought voluntarily to give; you refuse her terms — her
moderate terms — she darkens the porch no longer. But soon, for you
cannot do without her wares, you call her back — again she comes, but
with diminished treasures; the leaves of the book are in part torn away
by lawless hands — in part defaced with characters of blood. But the —
prophetic maid has risen in her demands — it is Parliaments by the year—
it is vote by the ballot — it is suffrage by the million! From this you turn —
away indignant, and for the second time she departs. Beware of her third _
coming; for the treasure you must have; and what price she may next
demand, who shall tell? It may even be the mace which rests upon that
woolsack. What may follow your course of obstinacy, if persisted in, I _

cannot take Epon me to predict, nor do I wish to conjecture. But this |

 

    
282 Macaulay: “A matter of shame and remorse’
ee we tae OP ee Ng ee ce, a en pe eo ee a ee ee new etRerhetrmanngel ie ee

know full well, that, as sure as man is mortal, and to err is human,
justice deferred enhances the price at which you must purchase safety

and peace — nor can you expect to gather in another crop than they did
who went before you, if you persevere in their utterly abominable
husbandry of sowing injustice and reaping rebellion.

But among the awful considerations that now bow down my mind,
there is one which stands pre-eminently above the rest. You are the
highest judicature in the realm; you sit here as judges, and decide all
causes, civil and criminal, without appeal. It is a judge’s first duty never
to pronounce sentence, in the most trifling case, without hearing, Will
you make this the exception? Are you really prepared to determine, but
not to hear, the mighty cause upon which a nation’s hopes and fears
hang? You are. Then beware of your decision! Rouse not, I beseech you,
a peace-loving, but a resolute, people; alienate not from your body the
affections of a whole empire. As your friend, as the friend of my order,
as the friend of my country, as the faithful servant of my sovereign, I
counsel you to assist with your uttermost efforts in preserving the peace,
and upholding and perpetuating the Constitution. Therefore, I pray and
I exhort you not to reject this measure. By all you hold most dear — by

all the ties that bind every one of us to our common order and our
ee common country, I solemnly adjure you — I warn you — I implore you —
yea, on my bended knees, I supplicate you — reject not this bill!

   

THOMAS MACAULAY
-- 17 April 1833

‘A matter of shame and remorse’

| When the reformed British Parliament met Jor the first time in January 1833, it
proceeded to pass bills emancipating slaves in the British C olonies, regulating child
labour and granting money for elementary education. Also resubmitted was a bill
Jrom Sir Robert Grant for the removal of Jewish disabilities ‘with the like
exceptions as are provided to His Majesty's subjects professing the Roman
Catholic faith’. : |

Speaking in the debate, Macaulay made the classic statement of the case against
bigotry. 8

 

My honourable friend should either persecute to some purpose or not _

 
 
Macaulay: ‘A matter of shame and remorse’ 283
ee TNO Se ee eR eS ee a ea ea ee

persecute at all. He dislikes the word persecution, I know. He will
not admit that the Jews are persecuted. And yet I am confident that
he would rather be sent to the King’s Bench Prison for three months
or be fined a hundred pounds than be subject to the disabilities under
which the Jews lie. How can he then say that to impose such dis-
abilities is not persecution, and that to fine and imprison is persecu-
tion? All his reasoning consists in drawing arbitrary lines. What he
does not wish to inflict he calls persecution. What he does wish to
inflict he will not call persecution. What he takes from the Jews he
calls political power. What he is too good-natured to take from the

Jews he will not call political power. The Jew must not sit in Parlia-

ment; but he may be the proprietor of all the ten-pound houses in a

borough. He may have more fifty-pound tenants than any peer in the
kingdom. He may give the voters treats to please their palates, and

hire bands of gypsies to break their heads, as if he were a Christian

and a marquess. All the rest of this system is of a piece.

The Jew may be a juryman, but not a judge. He may decide issues of
fact, but not issues of law. He may give a hundred thousand pounds’ —
damages; but he may not in the most trivial case grant a new trial. He may
tule the money market; he may influence the exchanges; he may be
summoned to congresses of emperors and kings. Great potentates,
instead of negotiating a loan with him by tying him in a chair and
pulling out his grinders, may treat with him as with a great potentate,
and may postpone the declaring of war or the signing of a treaty till
they have conferred with him. All this is as it should be; but he must
not be a Privy Councillor. He must not be called Right Honourable,
for that is political power. And who is it that we are trying to cheat
in this way? Even Omniscience. Yes, sir; we have been gravely told |
that the Jews are under the divine displeasure, and that if we give
them political power God will visit us in judgement. ae |

Do we then think that God cannot distinguish between substance and
form? Does not He know that, while we withhold from the Jews the
semblance and name of political power, we suffer them to possess the
substance? The plain truth is that my honourable friend is drawn in one
direction by his opinions and in a directly opposite direction by his
excellent heart. He halts between two opinions. He tries to make a _
compromise between principles which admit of no compromise. He
80es a certain way in intolerance. Then he stops, without being able to.
give a reason for stopping. But I know the reason. It is his humanity.

| y dragged the Jew at a horse’s tail, and singed his e

4
‘

  
284 Macaulay: “A matter of shame and remorse’

Nee

beard with blazing furze bushes, were much worse men than my honour-
able friend; but they were more consistent than he. . .
The honourable Member for Oldham tells us that the Jews are
naturally a mean race, a sordid race, a money-getting race; that they are
averse to all honourable callings; that they neither sow nor teap; that
they have neither flocks nor herds; that usury is the only pursuit for
which they are fit; that they are destitute of all elevated and amiable
sentiments. Such, sir, has in every age been the reasoning of bigots,
They .never fail to plead in justification of persecution the vices which
persecution has engendered. England has been to the Jews less than half
a country; and we revile them because they do not feel for England
more than a half patriotism. We treat them as slaves, and wonder that
they do not regard us as brethren. We drive them to mean occupations,
and then reproach them for not embracing honourable professions. We
_ long forbade them to possess land; and we complain that they chiefly
_ occupy themselves in trade. We shut them out from all the paths of
__ ambition; and then we despise them for taking refuge in avarice.
be During many ages we have, in all our dealings with them, abused our
. immense superiority of force; and then we are disgusted because they
| have recourse to that cunning which is the natural and universal defence
_of the weak against the violence of the strong. But were they always a
mere money-changing, money-getting, money-hoarding race? Nobody
knows better than my honourable friend the member for the University
of Oxford that there is nothing in their national character which unfits
them for the highest duties of citizens. He knows that, in the infancy of
civilization, when our island was as savage as New Guinea, when letters
and arts were still unknown to Athens, when scarcely a thatched hut
stood on what was afterwards the site of Rome, this contemned people
had their fenced cities and cedar palaces, their splendid Temple, their
fleets of merchant ships, their schools of sacred learning, their great
statesmen and soldiers, their natural philosophers, their historians, and
their poets.
What nation ever contended more manfully against overwhelming
odds for its independence and religion? What nation ever, in its last’
_ agonies, gave such signal proofs of what may be accomplished by —
a brave despair? And if, in the course of many centuries, the oppressed — ‘
descendants of warriors and sages have degenerated from the qualities of =
their fathers, if, while excluded from the blessings of law, and bowed —
down under the yoke of slavery, they have contracted some of the vices —
of outlaws and of slaves, shall we consider this as a matter of reproach —

 

   
Macaulay: “A matter of shame and remorse’ 285

LL LLL LEE Aeterna

 

to them? Shall we not rather consider it as matter of shame and remorse
to ourselves? Let us do justice to them. Let us Open to them the door of
the House of Commons. Let us open to them every career in which
ability and energy can be displayed. Till we have done this, let us not

presume to say that there is no genius among the countrymen of Isaiah,
no heroism among the descendants of the Maccabees.

Sit, In supporting the motion of my honourable friend, I am, I firmly

believe, supporting the honour and the interests of the Christian religion.
I should think that I insulted that religion if I said that it cannot stand
unaided by intolerant laws. Without such laws it was established, and
without such laws it may be maintained. It triumphed over the supersti-
tions of the most refined and of the most savage nations, over the
graceful mythology of Greece and the bloody idolatry of the Northern
forests. It prevailed over the power and policy of the Roman Empire. It
tamed the barbarians by whom that empire was overthrown. But all
these victories were gained not by the help of intolerance, but in spite of
the opposition of intolerance. The whole history of Christianity proves
that she has little indeed to fear from persecution as a foe, but much to
fear from persecution as an ally. May she long continue to bless our
country with her benignant influence, strong in her sublime philosophy,
strong in her spotless morality, strong in those internal and external
evidences to which the most powerful and comprehensive of human
intellects have yielded assent, the last solace of those who have outlived
every earthly hope, the last restraint of those who are raised above every
earthly fear! But let not us, mistaking her character and her interests,
fight the battle of truth with the weapons of error, and endeavour to

support by oppression that religion which first taught the human race
the great lesson of universal charity.

 

The resolution was ee but thrown out by the House of Lords, inspired by
William IV and a bench a3 bishops. The fight for the Jews was eventually won
in 1858.

  
 

£00 Cobden: ' You are the gentry of England’

RICHARD COBDEN
13 March 1845

‘You are the gentry of England’

The Anti-Corn-Law League was founded in Manchester in 1838 and the radical
Richard Cobden (1804-65) became its most important leader. Addressing mass
meetings throughout the country, he and his great ally, John Bright, espoused the
doctrines of free trade. The climax of the agitation to repeal the Corn Laws came
in 1845, when the Irish potato crop failed and there was a bad harvest in
England.

Cobden’ s greatest oratorical triumph was this speech in the House of Commons.

There are politicians in the House — men who look with an ambition —
_ ptobably a justifiable one — to the honours of office. There may be men
who — with thirty years of continuous service, having been pressed into
a groove from which they can neither escape nor retreat — may be
» holding office, high office, maintained there probably at the expense of
_ their present convictions which do not harmonize very well with their
7 early opinions. I make allowances for them; but the great body of the
_ honourable gentlemen opposite came up to this House, not as politicians,
but as the farmers’ friends, and protectors of the agricultural interests.
Well, what do you propose to do? You have heard the Prime Minister
declare that, if he could restore all the protection which you have had,
that protection would not benefit agriculturists. Is that your belief? If so,
why not proclaim it? And if it is not your conviction, you will have
_ falsified your mission in this House by following the right honourable
baronet out into the lobby, and opposing nets into the condition of
the very men who sent you here.

With mete politicians I have no right to expect to succeed in this
motion. But I have no hesitation in telling you that, if you give me a
committee of this House, I will explode the delusion of agricultural
protection! I will bring forward such a mass of evidence, and give you
such a preponderance of talent and of authority, that when the blue
book is published and sent forth to the world, as we can now send it, by
our vehicles of information, your system of protection shall not live in
public opinion for two years afterward. Politicians do not want that.
This cry of protection has been a very convenient handle for politicians.

  
Cobden: ‘ You are the gentry of England’ 287

i cnet tn nen ne ne ee ee ane I OE ge ee ge Te Se ae Pen ee ee a ee

The cry of protection carried the counties at the last election, and
politicians gained honours, emoluments, and place by it. But is that old
tattered flag of protection, tarnished and torn as it is already, to be kept
hoisted still in the counties for the benefit of politicians; or will you
come forward honestly and fairly to inquire into this question? I can not
believe that the gentry of England will be made mere drumheads to be
sounded upon by a prime minister to give forth unmeaning and empty
sounds, and to have no articulate voice of their own. No! You are the
gentry of England who represent the counties. You are the aristocracy
of England. Your fathers led our fathers; you may lead us if you will
go the right way. But, although you have retained your influence
with this country longer than any other aristocracy, it has not been
by opposing popular opinion, or by setting yourselves against the
spirit of the age. ,
In other days, when the battle and the hunting-fields were the tests of
manly vigour, your fathers were first and foremost there. The aristocracy
of England were not like the noblesse of France, the mere minions of a
court; nor were they like the hidalgos of Madrid, who dwindled into
‘pygmies. You have been Englishmen. You have not shown a want of ~
courage and firmness when any call has been made upon you. This isa
new era. It is the age of improvement; it is the age of social advancement,

not the age for war or for feudal sports. You live in a mercantile age,
when the whole wealth of the world is poured into your lap. You can —

not have the advantages of commercial rents and feudal privileges; but
you may be what you always have been, if you will identify yourselves __
with the spirit of the age. The English people look to the gentry and —
aristocracy of their country as their leaders. I, who am not one of you, ©
have no hesitation in telling you that there is a deep-rooted, an hereditary
prejudice, if I may so call it, in your favour in this country. But you
never got it, and you will not keep it, by obstructing the spirit of the
age. If you are indifferent to enlightened means of finding employment _
for your own peasantry; if you are found obstructing that advance which -
is calculated to knit nations more together in the bonds of peace by _

_ means of commercial intercourse; if you are found fighting against the —
discoveries which have almost given breath and life to material nature,
and setting up yourselves as obstructives of that which destiny has

rial ee he gentry of England no
longer, and others will be found to take your pl se sey gland no

 

 
288 Disraeli: ‘Ibe cause of the people, the cause of England’
a ee ee a inate atl cea ge ae

BENJAMIN DISRAELI
15 May 1846

‘The cause of the people, the cause of England’

When Benjamin Disraeli (1804-81) made his maiden speech, it was drowned by
shouts of laughter. ‘The time must come when you will hear me,’ he vowed. That
time came nine years later when Disraeli opposed Sir Robert Peel, now prime
minister, when he decided to repeal the Corn Laws.

By 1846, Disraeli hated Peel and saw him as the arch-enemy. He had already
denounced Peel in January, accusing him of betraying the party system of
government. The final clash between the two men occurred on 15 May in a silent,
crowded chamber, with the livid gaslights hissing.

Disraeli stood directly behind his victim, motionless except when he drew his
handkerchief out of his pocket when he was about to make a hit, his voice

passionless, his countenance unmoved. For three hours he made barb after malevolent
barb. The devastating satire and malicious wit of the last twenty minutes won

him the biggest ovation of his parliamentary career — and effectively destroyed
Peel.

  

Now, sir, I must say in vindication of the tight honourable gentleman
that I think great injustice has been done to him throughout these
_ debates. A perhaps justifiable misconception has universally prevailed.
Sir, the right honourable gentleman has been accused of foregone
treachery — of long-meditated deception — of a desire unworthy of a
great statesman, even if an unprincipled one — of always having intended
to abandon the opinions by professing which he rose to power. Sir, I
__ enitirely acquit the right honourable gentleman of any such intention. |
_ do it for this reason, that when I examine the career of this minister,
_ which has now filled a great space in the parliamentary history of this
_ country, I find that for between forty and fifty years that right honour-

_ able gentleman has traded on the ideas and intelligence of others. His life
has been one great appropriation clause. He is a burglar of others’
intellect. Seatch the index of Beatson from the days of the Conqueror to
the termination of the last reign, there is no statesman who has commit-
ted political petty larceny on so great a scale. I believe, therefore, when

the right honourable gentleman undertook our cause on either side of

.

“ aah
%

   

— the House that he was perfectly sincere in his advocacy; but as in the oe

 
Disraeli: ‘The cause of the people, the cause of England’ 289

 

course of discussion the conventionalisms which he received from us
crumbled away in his grasp, feeling no creative power to sustain men
with new arguments, feeling no spontaneous sentiments to force upon
him conviction, the right honourable gentleman — reduced at last to
defending the noblest cause, one based on the most high and solemn
principles, upon ‘the burdens peculiar to agriculture’ — the right honour-
able gentleman, faithful to the law of his nature, imbibed the new
doctrines, the more vigorous, bustling, popular and progressive doc-
trines, as he had imbibed the doctrines of every leading man in this
country for thirty or forty years, with the exception of the doctrines of
parliamentary reform which the Whigs very wisely led the country upon
and did not allow to grow sufficiently mature to fall into the mouth of
the right honourable gentleman.

Sir, the right honourable gentleman tells us that he does not feel
humiliated. Sir, it is impossible for anyone to know what are the feelings
of another. Feeling depends upon temperament: it depends upon the
idiosyncrasy of the individual: it depends upon the organization of the
animal that feels. But this I will tell the right honourable gentleman,
that, though he may not feel humiliated, his country ought to feel
humiliated. Is it so pleasing to the self-complacency of a great nation, is
it so grateful to the pride of England, that one who from the position he

has contrived to occupy must rank as her foremost citizen, is one of —

whom it may be said, as Dean Swift said of another minister, ‘that he is
a gentleman who has the perpetual misfortune to be mistaken’? And, sir,
even now, in this last scene of the drama, when the party whom he
unintentionally betrayed is to be unintentionally annihilated — even now,
in this the last scene, the right honourable gentleman, faithful to the law
of his being, is going to pass a project which I believe it is matter of
notoriety is not of his own invention. It is one which may have been
modified, but which I believe has been offered to another government
and by that government has been wisely rejected. Why, sir, these are
matters of general notoriety. After the day that the right honourable
gentleman made his first exposition of his schemes, a gentleman well
known to the House, and learned in all the political secrets behind the
scenes, met me and said, ‘Well, what do you think of your chief's plan?’

 

Not knowing exactly what to say, but taking up a phrase which has been’

much used in the House, I observed, ‘Well, I suppose it is a great and

comprehensive plan.’ ‘Oh!’ he replied, ‘we know all about it; it was _
offered to us. It is not his plan; it’s Popkins’s plan.’ And is England to
be governed by Popkins’s plan? Will he go to the country with it? Will

 

Bes ie PE aaecans een:

 
 
  
 

 

290 Disraeli: “The cause of the people, the cause of England’
ee

he go with it to that ancient and famous England that once was
governed by statesmen — by Burleighs and by Walsinghams; by Boling-
brokes and by Walpoles; by a Chatham and a Canning — will he go to it
with this fantastic scheming of some presumptuous pedant? I won’t
believe it: I have that confidence in the common sense, I will say the
common spirit, of our countrymen, and I believe they will not long
endure this huckstering tyranny of the Treasury Bench — those political

_ pediars that eughe their party in the oe market and sold us in the

dearest.
I know, sir, that there are many who prheee that the time is gone by

when one can appeal to those high and honest impulses that were once

 

the mainstay and the main element of the English character. I know, sir,
that we appeal to a people debauched by public gambling — stimulated
and encouraged by an inefficient and shortsighted minister. I know that
the public mind is polluted with economic fancies: a depraved desire that
the rich may become richer without the interference of industry and toil.
I know, sir, that all confidence in public men is lost. But, sir, I have faith

a = in the primitive and enduring elements of the English character. It may
) be vain now, in the midnight of their intoxication, to tell them that
. there will be an awakening of bitterness; it may be idle now, in the
_ springtide of their economic frenzy, to warn them that there may be an
ebb of trouble. But the dark and inevitable hour will arrive. Then, when
| their spirit is softened by misfortune, they will recur to those principles
_ that made England great, and which, in our belief, can alone keep
: England great. Then, too, perchance they may remember, not with
-unkindness, those who, betrayed and deserted, were neither ashamed

nor afraid to struggle for the ‘good old cause’ — the cause with which are
associated principles the most popular, sentiments the most entirely

national, the cause of labour, = cause of the people — the cause of

ee TS

 
ems

SIR ROBERT PEEL
15 May 1846

‘I cannot charge myself with having taken any course
inconsistent with Conservative principles’

When Disraeli sat down, the chamber rang with prolonged protectionist cheers.
Whether maddened by his tormentor’s malicious wit or infuriated at this shady
adventurer discoursing on the ‘primitive and enduring elements of the English
character’, Peel attempted a personal riposte. He was met with brutal screaming
and hooting and shouts of derision and struggled to obtain a hearing. He was jeered
when he spoke of his personal integrity. His voice failed him and his eyes filled
with tears. He pulled himself ee spoke with dignity, and ie his last great
Corn Law pees

I believe it is nearly three months since I first proposed, as the organ of —
Her Majesty’s government, the measure which, I trust, is about to |
receive tonight the sanction of the House of Commons; and considering —
the lapse of time, considering the frequent discussions, considering the —
anxiety of the people of this country that these debates should be
brought to a close, I feel that I should be offering an insult to the House
if I were to condescend to bandy personalities upon such an occasion.
Sir, I foresaw that the course which I have taken from a sense of public _
duty would expose me to serious sacrifices. I foresaw as its inevitable
result, that I must forfeit friendship which I most highly valued, that I
must interrupt political relations in which I felt a sincere pride; but the —
smallest of all the penalties which I anticipated were the continued _
venomous attacks of the member for Shrewsbury [Désrae/i]. Sir, I will
only say of that honourable gentleman that if he, after reviewing the _
whole of my public life, a life extending over thirty years previous to ie =
accession to office in 1841, if he then entertained the opinion of me |
which he now professes, it is a little surprising that in the spring x
1841, after his long experience of my public career, he should have been
prepared to give me his confidence. It is still more surprising that he
should have been ready, as I think he was, to unite his fortunes with
mine in office, thus implying the strongest proof which any public man

can give of confidence in the honour and integrity of a minister of th
Crown...

 

 
 
   
  
292 Peel: ‘I cannot charge myself with having taken’
eee

I foresaw the consequences that have resulted from the measures
which I thought it my duty to propose. We were charged with the heavy
responsibility of taking security against a great calamity in Ireland. We
did not act lightly. We did not form our opinion upon merely local
information, the information of local authorities likely to be influenced
by an undue alarm. Before I and those who agreed with me came to that
conclusion, we had adopted every means, by local inquiry and by
sending perfectly disinterested persons of authority to Ireland, to form a
just and correct opinion. Whether we were mistaken or not, I believe we
were not mistaken, but, even if we were mistaken, a generous con-
struction should be put upon the motives and conduct of those who
are charged with the responsibility of protecting millions of the
subjects of the Queen from the consequences of scarcity and famine.

Sit, whatever may be the result of these discussions, I feel severely

the loss of the confidence of those from whom I heretofore received a
most generous support. So far from expecting them, as some have
said, to adopt my opinions, I perfectly recognize the sincerity with
which they adhere to their own. I recognize their perfect right, on
» account of the admitted failure of my speculation, to withdraw from
) me their confidence. I honour their motives, but I claim, and always
_ will claim, while entrusted with such powers and subject to such
responsibility as the minister of this great country is entrusted with,
and is subject to; I always will assert the right to give that advice
_ which I conscientiously believe to be conducive to the general well-
_ being. I was not considering, according to the language of the honour-
| able member for Shrewsbury, what was the best bargain to make for
_ a party. I was considering first what were the best measures to avert
a great calamity and, as a secondary consideration, to relieve that

   
  
  
  
   
  
  
    
 
  

Sir, if I look to the prerogative of the Crown, if I look to the position
_ of the Church, if I look to the influence of the aristocracy, I cannot
charge myself with having taken any course inconsistent with Conserva-
ive principles, calculated to endanger the privileges of any branch of the
legislature, or any institutions of the country. My earnest wish has been,
during my tenure of power, to impress the people of this country with a —

 

 
  
 

Peel: ‘I cannot charge myself with having taken’ 293

cen ame en a aaa ae aetna Coase eee

belief that the legislature was animated by a sincere desire to frame its
legislation upon the principles of equity and justice. I have a strong
belief that the greatest object, which we or any other Government can
contemplate, should be to elevate the condition of that class of the
people with whom we are brought into no direct relationship by the
exercise of the elective franchise. I wish to convince them that our object
has been to apportion taxation, that we shall relieve industry and labour
from any undue burden, and transfer it, so far as is consistent with the
public good, to those who are better enabled to bear it. I look to the
present peace of this country; I look to the absence of all disturbance, to
the non-existence of any commitment for a seditious offence; I look to
the calm that prevails in the public mind; I look to the absence of all
disaffection; I look to the increased and growing public confidence on
account of the course you have taken in relieving trade from restrictions
and industry from unjust burdens: and where there was dissatisfaction, I
see contentment; where there was turbulence, I see there is peace; where
there was disloyalty, I see there is loyalty: I see a disposition to confide
in you, and not to agitate questions that are at the foundations of your
institutions. Deprive me of power tomorrow, you can never deprive me —
of the consciousness that I have exercised the powers committed to me ,
from no corrupt or interested motives, from no desire to gratify ambi- —
tion, or attain any personal object; that I have laboured to maintain —
peace abroad consistently with the national honour and defending every —
public right, to increase the confidence of the great body of the people
in the justice of your decisions, and by the means of equal law to
dispense with all coercive powers, to maintain loyalty to the Throne and
attachment to the Constitution, from a conviction of the benefit that will
accrue to the Ley body of the people.

 
   
 
 
   
 
 
  

eg Corn Lay Bill was sd by a majority of I8 on 25 June, with 232
Conservative backbenchers voting against Peel and only 112 on his side.

 
294 Disraeli: ‘I suffer, and I see no hope’
(oa a eS a eee a ee a ee ee

BENJAMIN DISRAEL]
2 July 1849

‘LT suffer, and I see no hope’

When Parliament met in 1849, Disraeli led the opposition. His views had
changed: he now believed that protectionism was a lost cause and that the party

needed to accept free trade. He was determined to educate the party to accept
reality.

Some three years ago, as it appears to me, we thought fit to change the
principle upon which the economic system of this country has been
previously based. Hitherto this country has been, as it were, divided into

a hierarchy of industrial classes, each one of which was open to all, but

_ in each of which every Englishman was taught to believe that he
occupied a position better than the analogous position of individuals in
_ any other country in the world. For example, the British merchant was
» looked upon as the most creditable, the wealthiest, and the most
_ trustworthy merchant in the world; the English farmer ranked as the
most skilful agriculturalist, while the English manufacturer was acknow-
_ledged as the most skilful and successful, without a rival in ingenuity and
enterprise. So with the British sailor — the name was a proverb; and
_ chivalry was confessed to have found a last resort in the breast of a
_ British officer. It was the same in our learned professions. Our physicians
- and lawyers held higher positions than those in other countries. I have
heard it stated that the superiority of these classes was obtained at the

_ cost of the hierarchy — at the cost of the labouring population of the
= _ country. But ... I know of no great community existing since, I will
: _ say, the fall of the Roman Empire where the working population have
been upon the whole placed in so advantageous a position as the
ae aaa classes of England ... In this manner, in England society was
_ based upon the aristocratic principle in its complete and most magnificent
_ development. You set to work to change the basis upon which this
_ society was established, you disdain to attempt the accomplishment of
_ the best; and what you want to achieve is the cheapest. But | have
_ shown you that its infallible consequence is to cause the impoverishment
_ and embarrassment of the people ... But the wealth of England does
_ fot merely consist in the number of acres we have tilled and cultivated,

 

a

  
Palmerston: ‘The strong arm of England’ 295
a

nor in our havens filled with shipping, nor in our unrivalled factories,
nor in the intrepid history of our mines. Not these merely form the —
principal wealth of our country; we have a more precious treasure, and —
that is the character of our people. That is what you have injured. In
destroying what you call class legislation, you have destroyed that noble
and indefatigable ambition which has been the best source of all our
greatness, of all our prosperity, and all our power.

I know of nothing more remarkable in the present day than the
general discontent which prevails, accompanied as it is on all sides by an
avowed inability to suggest any remedy. The feature of the present day
is depression and perplexity. That English spirit which was called out
and supported by your old system seems to have departed from us. It
was a system which taught men to aspire, and not to grovel. It was a
system that gave strength to the subject, and stability to the state; that
made the people of this country undergo adversity and confront it with
a higher courage than any other people; and that animated them, in the
enjoyment of a prosperous fortune, with a higher degree of enterprise. I
put it to any gentleman — I care not to what party he belongs, what his
political opinions, or what his pursuits in life — if there be not Boe:
one universal murmur — a murmut of suffering without hope. .

As far as I can judge, men in every place — in the golden aioe and _
in the busy mart of industry; in the port, in the Exchange, by the loom, —
ot by the plough, every man says, ‘I suffer, and I see no hope.’

Disraeli was defeated by 140 votes.

 

HENRY Ee eS
1850

‘The strong arm of England’

Lord Palmerston (1784-1865) was Foreign Secretary under three British prime
ministers — Gray, Melbourne and Russell— Home Secretary under Lord Aberdeen
and Prime Minister from 1855-8 and 1859-65. There were nine administrations
between 1846 and 1867 but it was the age of Palmerston. His ambition was to be iG
minister of a nation rather than a political party. At the height of bis ais" es
believed that a Pax Britannica had replaced the old Pax Romana. tec
He delivered this famous ‘Civis Romanus sum’ speech when he was forced to --

 

   
296 Palmerston: ‘The strong arm of Fingland’

TR eS a th rch

defend himself in Parliament against severe criticism of his action in s¢
British ships to blockade the Greek coast in 1850, without consulting
Russia who were joint guarantors with Britain of the independence af C

nding
lrance and
VCE,

The government of a great country like this is undoubtedly an object of
fair and legitimate ambition to men of all shades of opinion. It is a noble
thing to be allowed to guide the policy, and to influence the destinies of
such a country, and if ever it was an object of honourable ambition,
more than ever must it be so at the moment at which I am speaking. For
while we have seen, as stated by the right honourable baronet, the
member for Ripon [Sir James Graham), the political earthquake rocking
Europe from side to side — while we have seen thrones shaken, shattered,
levelled; institutions overthrown and destroyed — while, in almost every
country of Europe, the conflict of civil war has deluged the land with
blood, from the Atlantic to the Black Sea, from the Baltic to the
Mediterranean; this country has presented a spectacle honourable to the
people of England, and worthy of the admiration of mankind.

We have shown that liberty is compatible with order; that individual

liberty is reconcilable with obedience to the law. We have shown the

» example of a nation, in which every class of society accepts with

_ cheerfulness the lot which Providence has assigned to it; while at the

same time every individual of each class is constantly striving to raise

himself in the social scale — not by injustice and wrong, not by violence

and illegality, but by persevering good conduct, and by the steady and

energetic exertion of the moral and intellectual faculties with which his

_ Creator has endowed him. To govern such a people as this is indeed an

object worthy of the ambition of the noblest man who lives in the land;

_ and, therefore, I find no fault with those who may think any opportunity

_ a fair one for endeavouring to place themselves in so distinguished and

_ honourable a position. But I contend that we have not in our foreign

_ policy done anything to forfeit the confidence of the country. We may

_ not, perhaps, in this matter or in that, have acted precisely up to the

_ opinions of one person or of another — and hard indeed it is, as we all

know by our individual and private experience, to find any number of

_ men agreeing entirely in any matter, on which they may not be equally _

possessed of the details of the facts, and circumstances, and reasons, and

_ conditions, which led them to action. But, making allowance for those — <

_ differences of opinion which may fairly and honourably rise amongst

? those who concur in general views, I maintain that the principles which

_ can be traced through all our foreign transactions, as the guiding rule

  
  
  
  
   
 
  
   
  

 

       

 
Disraeli: “England does not love coalitions’ 297
mele en i iN ee i eg ee

and directing spirit of our proceedings, are such as deserve approbation.
J therefore fearlessly challenge the verdict which this House, as represent-

ing a political, a commercial, a constitutional country, is to give on the
question now brought before it; whether the principles on which the
foreign policy of Her Majesty’s government has been conducted, and the
sense of duty which has led us to think ourselves bound to afford
protection to our fellow-subjects abroad, are proper and fitting guides
for those who are charged with the government of England; and
whether, as the Roman, in days of old, held himself free from indignity;
so also a British subject, in whatever land he may be, shall feel confident

that the watchful eye and the strong arm of England will protect him
against injustice and wrong,

BENJAMIN DISRAELI
16 December 1852

‘England does not love coalitions’

After introducing his first Budget, Disraeli endured six nights of taunts, ridicule ’
and insult from the opposition. So the excitement was intense when he rose to wind —
up the debate, looking as if he had drunk too much, at 10.20 on the night of 16 —
December. Violent thunder crashed outside the newly built Palace of Westminster

as he ridiculed colleagues — but his jibes and taunts about personalities went too far
for the taste of the House. |

 

The right honourable gentleman charges me with proposing recklessly

to increase the direct taxation of the country? Why, he seems to forget

that he is the minister who with the property and income tax you have _
now producing its full amount, with a window-tax that brought nearly
£2,000,000, came down to the House of Commons one day and proposed |
to a startled assembly to double nearly that property and income tax.

Recklessness! Why, sir, if recklessness be carelessness of consequences; if -
it be the conduct of a man who has not well weighed the enterprise in
which he is embarked, what are we to esteem this behaviour of the right _
honourable gentleman? We hear much of the duplication of the house- _
tax — an immense amount; but if the right honourable gentleman had _
catried the duplication of the property and income tax, I think he might
fairly have been charged with recklessly increasing the direct taxation of

  
298 Disraeli: ‘England does not love coalitions’
eile ait pee a a ee a
wore Sas See a ee

the country. The most curious thing, however, is that the Minister
who came forwatd to make a proposition which nothing but the most
grave conjuncture of circumstances might have justified, at the first
menace of opposition withdrew his proposition. Talk of recklessness!
Why, what in the history of finance is equal to the recklessness of the
right honourable gentleman? And what was the ground on which he
withdrew this enormous proposition — a proposition which only the
safety of the state would have justified him in making? When he was
beaten, baffled, humiliated, he came down to the House of Commons
and said that he had sufficient revenue without resorting to that proposi-
tion! The future historian will not be believed when he states that a
minister came down with a proposition nearly to double the income
_ tax, and when that proposition was rejected, the next day announced
that the ways and means were ample without it. But then the right
honourable gentleman tells me — in not very polished, and scarcely in
parliamentary language — that I do not know my business, He may
have learned his business. The House of Commons is the best judge of
_ that; I care not to be his critic. Yet if he have learned his business, he
has still to learn that petulance is not sarcasm, and that insolence is not
> 2 invective . =
Some Sdvice has been offered to me which I ought perhaps to notice.
1 BS have been told to withdraw my Budget. I was told that Mr Pitt
; withdrew his Budget, and I know that more recently other persons have
done so too. Sir, I do not aspire to the fame of Mr Pitt, but I will not
- submit to the degradation of others. No, sir; I have seen the consequences
_ of a government not being able to pass their measures — consequences
not honourable to the government, not advantageous to the country,
and not in my opinion, conducive to the reputation of this House, which
is most dear to me. |
| remember a Budget which was withdrawn, and tfe- withdrawn, and
withdrawn again in the year 1848. What was the consequence of that
government thus existing upon sufferance? What was the consequence
to the finances of the country? Why, that injurious, unjust and ignoble
transaction respecting the commutation of the window-tax and house-
_ duty, which now I am obliged to attempt to remedy. The grievance is
_ deeper than mere questions of party consideration. When parties are
Se balanced — when a government cannot pass its measures — the highest
principles of public life, the most important of the dogmas of politics,
_ degenerate into party questions. Look at this question of direct taxation —
~ the most important question of the ors Tt is a spain which Eee

   
 

    
Gladstone: ‘A Budget... which may peril our safety gee

 

sooner or later force itself upon everybody’s attention; and I see before
me many who I know sympathize, so far as that important principle is
concerned, with the policy of the government. Well direct taxation,
although applied with wisdom, temperance and prudence, has become a
party question. Talk of administrative reform! Talk of issuing commis-
sions to inquire into our dockyards! Why, if I were, which is not
impossible, by intense labour to bring forward a scheme which might
save a million annually to the country, administrative reform would
become a party question to-morrow. Yes! I know what I have to face. I
have to face a coalition. The combination may be successful. But
coalitions, although successful, have always found this, that their triumph
has been short. This too I know, that England does not love coalitions.
I appeal from the coalition to that public opinion which governs this
country — to that public opinion whose mild and irresistible influence
can control even the decrees of parliaments, and without whose support

the most august and ancient institutions are but ‘the baseless fabric of a
vision’. 5

WILLIAM GLADSTONE
==—16 December 1852——

  

A Budget... which may peril our safety’

As he sat awaiting his turn to reply to Disraeli, William Gladstone (1809-98), . a
his immediate predecessor as Chancellor, admired the ‘superlative acting’ and
‘brilliant oratory’ of his opponent's speech, even though it had driven the opposition
into a condition of apoplectic rage. Se eee | |
As Gladstone rose, his usually calm features were livid and distorted with
passion. His voice shook and it was some time before he could find words or make
himself heard as the Conservatwes streamed at him. Assuming, according to The
Times report, a high tone of moral feeling, he lectured Disraeli on the impropriety
of his behaviour. — | ae eb Hie ?
Robert Blake, in his biography of Disraeli, says: ‘The artist who wished to
immortalixe an instant of time that would illuminate the political history of the -
mid- Victorian era would have done well to choose the moment when Gladstone rose
to answer Disraeli ... Gladstone on his feet, handsome, tall, still possessing the —
Jouthful good looks, the open countenance, which had charmed bis contemporaries at
_ Eton and Christ Church; Disraeli seated on the Treasury bench, aquiline, faintly —

 
300 Gladstone: “A Budget... which may peril our safety’
$I

sinister, listening with seeming indifference to the eloquent rebuke of the orator. It
was a scene that was not easily forgotten.’

The duel between Disraeli and Gladstone coloured the parliamentary life of a
whole generation.

I begin by telling the right honourable gentleman the Chancellor of the
Exchequer that I postpone for some minutes the inquiry whether he

knows business or not, that there are some things which he, too, has yet
to learn ~~;

And I tell the right honourable gentleman more — that the licence of
language he has used — the phrases he has applied to the characters of
public men — [Loud cries of ‘Hear, hear!’| — that the phrases he has
applied to the characters of public men, whose career — [The remainder of
the sentence was drowned in renewed cries from both sides of the House].

_I confess that I could not hear those phrases used and remain totally
-unmoved. I do not address myself to those gentlemen belonging to the

_ great party opposite, from whom I have never received anything but
courtesy and forbearance — [Interruption] — but I will tell them this, that
they must bear to have their Chancellor of the Exchequer, who is so free
\ in his comments upon the conduct of others, brought to the bar of
the opinion of this Committee, and tried by those laws of decency
and propriety — [Cheers and confusion, which drowned the remainder of
the sentence|. Sir, we are accustomed here to attach to the words of
the minister of the Crown a great authority — and that disposition to
' attach authority, as it is required by the public interest, so it has been
- usually justified by the conduct and character of those ministers; but I
_ must tell the right honourable gentleman that he is not entitled to charge
with insolence men who — [Renewed cheers again drowned the remaining words

of the sentence|. 1 must tell the right honourable gentleman that whatever
he has learned — and he has learned much — he has not yet learned the

__ limits of discretions of moderation, and of forbearance, that ought to
restrain the conduct and language of every member of this House, the
_ disregard of which is an offence in the meanest amongst us, but it is of
tenfold weight when committed by the leader of the House of
) eormreais S ,.4 | | = :

__-I vote against the Budget of the Chancellor of the Exchequer, not
_ only because I disapprove upon general grounds of the principles of that —
_ Budget but emphatically and peculiarly because in my conscience ~
_ though it may be an erroneous belief ~ it is my firm conviction that the
___ Budget is one, I will not say the most liberal, nor the most radical, but I o

 
 
   
    
 
  
  
  
   
 
 
  
    
Gladstone: “A Budget... which may peril our safety’ 301

ee a ee an ee eR eet ripening aN nace mesg ple ge ae

will say the most subversive in its tendencies and ultimate effects which
I have ever known submitted to this House. It is the most regardless of
those general rules of prudence which it is absolutely necessary we
should preserve, and which it is perfectly impossible that this House, as
a popular assembly, should observe unless the government sets us the
example, and uses its influence to keep us in the right course. Sir, the
House of Commons is a noble assembly, worthy of its historical and
traditional associations; but it is too much to expect that we should teach
the executive its duty in elementary matters of administration and
finance. If I vote against the government, I vote in support of those
Conservative principles which I thank God are common in a great
degree to all parties in the British House of Commons, but of which I
thought it was the peculiar pride and glory of the Conservative party
to be the champions and the leaders. Are you not the party of 1842?
Are you not the party who, in times of difficulty, chose to cover a

deficit, and to provide a large surplus? And are you the same party to

be united now in a time of prosperity, to convert a large surplus into

a deficiency? I appeal to you by what you then were. I appeal to you

to act now as you did then. Us you have cast off. I do not blame you

for that. I am, indeed, always disposed to view with regret the rupture

of party ties — my disposition is rather to retain them. I confess that —
I look, if not with suspicion, at least with disapprobation, on any one
who is disposed to treat party connections as matters of small import-

ance. My opinion is that party ties closely appertain to those principles
of confidence which we entertain for the House of Commons. But us
you have cast off for inconsistency. Have we ever complained of
that? Have we ever made it matter of charge against you? No, certainly
not; you owe us no grudge on that account. But you must remember
that you also have a character to maintain — that you also are on your
trial — that you also are bound to look with suspicion on those
principles of financial policy which depart from those rules that not
only all statesmen, but the common sense of the country, agree to be
essential to the prosperity of this nation. You are now asked to vote
for a Budget which consecrates, as it were, the ptinciple of a defi-
ciency, and which endangers the public credit of the country, and
which may peril our safety — if, indeed, the circumstances of the
present day are circumstances of uneasiness; and if the government have
thought it right to call upon you for increased exertions in pre-. s
viding for the defences of the country, I say, then, that I vote against

ee

_ this Budget, feeling that in giving that vote I do the work, so far as ae

 

   
  
302 Bright: ‘T am told indeed that the war is popular |
er ee

depends upon me, which you ought to join with me in doing. I do not
express that sentiment in an offensive manner, but I say it because I fee]
deeply attached to the institutions of the country. I look back with
regret upon the days when I sat nearer to many of my honourable
friends opposite than I now am, and I feel it my duty to use that
freedom of speech which I am sure, as Englishmen, you will tolerate,
when I tell you that if you give your assent and your high authority to
this most unsound and destructive principle on which the financial
scheme of the Government is based — you may refuse my appeal now —
you may accompany the right honourable gentleman the Chancellor of
the Exchequer into the lobby; but my belief is that the day will come
when you will look back upon this vote — as its consequences sooner or
- later unfold themselves — you will look back upon this vote with bitter,
__ but with late and ineffectual regret.

: = Gladstone’ 5 speech destroyed the Budget and set out principles of taxation which
— be followed in a series of Budgets as Chancellor from 1858 to 1866. The first
a oe Derby-Disraeli administration fell.

  
   
   

JOHN BRIGHT
31 March 1854

‘Tam told indeed that the war is popular’

Lord Salisbury described John Bright (18 11-89) as the greatest master of
English oratory of his generation — jit to rank with Pitt and Fox. By the 1850s,
as MP for Durham and Manchester, Bright's reputation as an outstanding
radical leader had already been secured by his agitation against the Corn Laws and
bis criticism of British foreign polity. = Sie a satcoi
With Cobden, he. strongly opposed the Crimean War (and both lost their seats
for it in 1857). War was declared on 29 March. Two days later Bright, speaking

 

ae a ‘or an hour and a balf, made the first of his great Crimean war Speeches.

 
es _ been sufficiently educated. We should indeed have had less o

Bright: “1 am told indeed that the war is popular’ SOs
Se

pal streets of that city, accompanied by the parochial clergy in full
canonicals, exhorting the people to enlist to put down the rebels in the
American colonies. Where is now the popularity of that disastrous and

disgraceful war, and who is the man to defend it? But if honourable
members will turn to the cotrespondence between George III and Lord
North, on the subject of that war, they will find that the King’s chief
argument for continuing the war was, that it would be dishonourable in
him to make peace so long as the war was popular with the people.
Again, what war could be more popular than the French war? Has not
the noble Lord [Lord John Russell] said, not long ago, in this House,
that peace was rendered difficult if not impossible by the conduct of the
English press in 1803? For myself, I do not trouble myself whether my
conduct in Parliament is popular or not. I cate only that it shall be wise —
and just as regards the permanent interests of my country, and I despise _
from the bottom of my heart the man who speaks a word in favour of |
this war, or of any war which he believes might have been avoided, &
_ merely because the press and a portion of the people urge the government © :
to enter into it. | 3 =

    
  
  

_ I recollect a passage of a distinguished French writer and statesman 4
which bears strongly upon our present position: he says, ‘The country
which can comprehend and act upon the lessons which God has given it —
in the past events of its history, is secure in the most imminent crises of 2
its fate.’ The past events of our history have taught me that the —
intervention of this country in European wats is not only unnecessary,
but calamitous; that we have rarely come out of such intervention — 4
having succeeded in the objects we fought for; that a debt of
£800,000,000 sterling has been incurred by the policy which the noble
Lord approves, apparently for no other reason than that it dates from
the time of William III; and that, not debt alone has been incurred, but
that we have left Europe at least as much in chains as before a single
effort was made by us to rescue her from tyranny. I believe, if this.
country, seventy years ago, had adopted the principle of non-intervention
in every case where het interests were not directly and obviously
_ assailed, that she would have been saved from much of the pauperism

and brutal crimes by which our government and people have alike been
disgraced. This country might have been a garden, every dwelling might —
have been of marble, and every person who treads its soil mi ,

ee glory. We might have had neither Trafalgar nor Waterloo: but we

 
304 Bright: “The Angel of Death has been abroad throughout the land’
ect i ee

institutions, courteous and just in its conduct towards all foreign States,
and resting its policy on the unchangeable foundation of Christian
morality.

JOHN BRIGHT
23 February 1855

‘The Angel of Death has been abroad throughout the land’

John Bright's greatest speech was made on the day Lord Palmerston, the Prime
Minister, announced that four members of his government, including Gladstone,
had resigned, believing that they had been censured by the House for their part in
the conduct of the war. Meanwhile a British mission was in Vienna negotiating
with the Russians. 7

The speech made its reputation by a single sentence, one of the most famous
phrases ever uttered by an English orator, which came to Bright as he lay in bed
| ee morning. ‘I would give all that I ever had to have made that speech,’ Disraeli

ld Bright afterwards.

The House was packed and every seat in the gallery taken when Bright, aware
_ that the country and the Chamber was against es rose to speak for a small,
; powerless minority.

   
  
 
 
 

F I shall not say one word here about the state of the army in the Crimea,
or one word about its numbers or its condition. Every member of this
_ House, every inhabitant of this country, has been sufficiently harrowed
with details regarding it. To my solemn belief, thousands — nay, scores
of thousands of persons — have retired to rest, night after night, whose
- slumbers have been disturbed or whose dreams have been based upon
the sufferings and agonies of our soldiers in the Crimea. I should like to
ask the noble Lord at the head of the government — although kam not
sure if he will feel that he can or ought to answer the question— whether _
the noble Lord the member for London has power, after discussions
have commenced, and as soon as there shall be established good grounds
a for believing that the negotiations for peace will | prove successful, to
we enter into any armistice? [‘No/ no!) cs a
I know not, sir, who it is that says ‘No, no, “but-Fshould like to see
any man get up and say that the destruction of 200,000 human lives lost | : :
on all tides during the course of this unhappy conflict is not, a ees

 
Bright: “The Angel of Death has been abroad throughout the land’ 305
nT aT OR Lea ninine etter tatiana tnt tne ishtaimaitidasiaas

sacrifice. YOu are not pretending to conquer territory — you are not
pretending to hold fortified or unfortified towns; you have offered terms
of peace which, as I understand them, I do not Say ate not moderate;
and breathes there a man in this House or in this country whose appetite
for blood is so insatiable that, even when terms of peace have been
offered and accepted, he pines for that assault in which of Russian,
Turk, French and English, as sure as one man dies, 20,000 corpses will
strew the streets of Sebastopol? I say I should like to ask the noble Lord
—and I am sure that he will feel, and that this House will feel, that I am
speaking in no unfriendly manner towards the government of which he
is at the head — I should like to know, and I venture to hope that it is so,
if the noble lord the member for London has power, at the earliest stage
of these proceedings at Vienna, at which it can properly be done — and I
should think that it might properly be done at a very early stage — to
adopt a course by which all further waste of human life may be put an
end to, and further animosity between three great nations be, as far as
possible, prevented?

1 appeal to the noble lord at the head of the government and to this
House; I am not now complaining of the war — I am not now
complaining of the terms of peace, not, indeed, of anything that has
been done — but I wish to suggest to this House what, I believe,
thousands and tens of thousands of the most educated and of the most
Christian portion of the people of this country are feeling upon this ~
subject, although, indeed, in the midst of a certain clamour in the
country, they do not give public expression to their feelings. Your ‘
country is not in an advantageous state at this moment; from one end of
the kingdom to the other there is a general collapse of industry. Those _
members of this House not intimately acquainted with the trade and _
commerce of the country do not fully comprehend our position as to the

diminution of employment and the lessening of wages. An increase ie
the cost of living is finding its way to the homes and hearts of a vast -
number of the labouring population. ee Pe isgeas =
At the same time there is growing up — and, notwithstanding what oe
some honourable members of this House may think of me, no man _
ae it more than I do ~ a bitter and angry feeling against that clase =
_ which has for a long period conducted the public affairs of this country. es
_ L like political changes when such changes are made as the result, not of |
‘* ‘Pageintip but of deliberation and reason. Changes so made are safe, but
_ chang sm: ide under the influence of violent exaggeration, or of t
ioler sions ee public meetings, are not anes usually approved by

 

    
    

 

 
    
 
    
306 = Bright: “The Angel of Death has been abroad throughout the land’.

eg ey eee ee ae ee eee
this House or advantageous to the country. I cannot but notice in
speaking to gentlemen who sit on either side of this House, or in
speaking to any one I meet between this House and any of those
localities we frequent when this House is up — I cannot, I say, but notice

that an uneasy feeling exists as to the news which may arrive by the
very next mail from the East.

I do not suppose that your troops are to be beaten in actual conflict
with the foe, or that they will be driven into the sea; but I am certain
that many homes in England in which there now exists a fond hope that
the distant one may return — many such homes may be rendered
desolate when the next mail shall arrive. The Angel of Death has
been abroad throughout the land; you may almost hear the beating of
his wings. There is no one, as when the first-born were slain of old,
to sprinkle with blood the lintel and the two sideposts of our doors,
that he may spare and pass on; he takes his victims from the castle of
the noble, the mansion of the wealthy, and the cottage of the poor

and the lowly, and it is on behalf of all these classes that I make this
ee solemn appeal. |
I tell the noble lord, that if he be ready honestly and frankly to
ndeavour, by the negotiations about to be opened at Vienna, to put
an end to this war, no word of mine, no vote of mine, will be given to
_ shake his power for one single moment, or to change his position in
- this House. I am sure that the noble lord is not inaccessible to appeals
_ made to him from honest motives and with no unfriendly feeling. The
_ noble lord has been for more than forty years a member of this House.
Before I was born, he sat upon the Treasury bench, and he has spent
his life in the service of his country. He is no longer young, and his
© life has extended almost to the term allotted to man. I would ask, 1
would entreat the noble lord to take a course which, when he looks ‘
5 - back upon his whole political careet — whatever he may therein find to
: 2 be pleased with, whatever to regret — cannot but be a source of
= ‘gratification to him. By adopting that course he would have the satisfac.
tion of reflecting that, having obtained the object of his laudable
ambition — having become the foremost subject of the Crown, the —

d ector of, it may be, the destinies of his country, and the presiding
enius in her councils — he had achieved a still higher and nobler
ambition: that he had returned the sword to the scabbard — that at his

rd torrents of blood had ceased to flow — that he had restored
(a uillity to Europe, and aed oiie tlio rad: the eee e
uae) ise nf Wat se | | | 5

  
  
  
    
     
 
   
  
      
 

  

  

     
ae oe $ SN) Shae

ea:

Bright: ‘If a// other tongues are silent, mine shal] speak’ 307
aga ee a a a nee rare i eee a

When Bright finished, there was an intense silence. Not since Pitt had a Speech
caused so deep an impression.

The Crimean war was the first time in Victorian England that the new force

of middle-class politics, expressed through the press and public meetings, at which
Bright excelled, changed the foreign policy of the government.

JOHN BRIGHT
4 December 1861

Tf all other tongues are silent, mine shall speak’

John Bright was at the forefront of the struggle to swing Britain behind President

Lincoln and against the slaveholders of the south when civil war was threatened in
the United States. Christmas 1861 was the moment of greatest danger in the
relations of Britain and A merica after Charles Wilkes, captain of an American
warship, stopped the Trent, a British merchant steamer, and seized Mason and
Stidell, envoys of the Slaveholders’ Confederation, on their way to seek British and

= French support. Wilkes put them in = and mee in Britain wanted a

declaration of war. 3
_ Bright made this speech repudiating the warmongers and Ss the free Union

ata public banquet in his home town of Rochdale, when he was invited to speak
about the American Civil War. His statement of the case for the North against

- the slaveholders did much to jformaN orthern party in England.

= Two centuries ago, multitudes of the people of this country found a

| refuge on the North American continent, escaping from the tyranny of

or ntinent.. ioe es great historian of his own country, has said, in

his own ‘graphic and emphatic language, “The history of the colonization: {
of / merica is the history of the crimes of Europe.’ From that time down _

my lifetime, more than three millions of persons have emigrated — =

United Kingdom to the United States. During the fifteen years

845 of 1846, to 1859 or 1860 — a period so recent that we all |

 

 
 

308 Bright: “A mighty fabric of human bondage’

$$ eee

twenty thousand persons left the shores of the United Kingdom 4s
emigrants for the States of North America.

At this very moment, then, there are millions in the United States who
personally, or whose immediate parents, have at one time been citizens
of this country. They found a home in the Far West; they subdued the
wilderness; they met with plenty there, which was not afforded them in
their native country; and they have become a great people. There may be
persons in England who are jealous of those states. There may be men
who dislike democracy, and who hate a republic; there may be even those
whose sympathies warm towards the slave oligarchy of the South. But of
this I am certain, that only misrepresentation the most gross or calumny
the most wicked can sever the tie which unites the great mass of the people
of this country with their friends and brethren beyond the Atlantic.

Now, whether the Union will be restored or not, or the South achieve an
unhonoured independence or not, I know not, and I predict not. But this 1
think I know — that in a few years, a very few years, the twenty millions of
freemen in the North will be thirty millions, or even fifty millions —a
population equal to or exceeding that of this kingdom. When that time
comes, I pray that it may not be said amongst them, that, in the darkest
hour of their country’s trials, England, the land of their fathers, looked on
with icy coldness and saw unmoved the perils and calamities of their
children. As for me, I have but this to say: | am but one in this audience,
and but one in the citizenship of this country; but if all other tongues are
silent, mine shall speak for that policy which gives hope to the bondsmen
of the South, and which tends to generous thoughts, and generous words,

and generous deeds, between the two great nations who speak the English
language, and from their origin are alike entitled to the English name.

JOHN BRIGHT
18 December 1862

‘Al mighty fabric of human bondage’

A year after his speech on the ‘Trent affair’, Bright samen asaia fo he | 2
American Cwil War in a speech at Birmingham. ‘

   
 

_Is there a man here that doubts for a moment that the object of the wa
on the part of the South — they began the war — that the object. of

 
Bright: “A mighty fabric of human bondage’ $99

ee CR tt eer eens :
ne

war on the part of the South is to maintain in bondage four millions of

human beings? That is only a small part of it. The further object is to

perpetuate for ever the bondage of all the posterity of those four
millions of slaves .

The object is, =e a handful of white men on that continent shall lord
it over many millions of blacks, made black by the very Hand that made
us white. The object is, that they should have the power to breed
Negroes, to work Negroes, to lash Negroes, to chain Negroes, to buy
and sell Negroes, to deny them the commonest ties of family, or to
break their hearts by rending them at their pleasure, to close their mental
eye to but a glimpse even of that knowledge which separates us from the
brute — for in their laws it is criminal and penal to teach the Negro to
read — to seal from their hearts the Book of our religion, and to make
chattels and things of men and women and children. |

Now I want to ask whether this is to be the foundation, as it is
proposed, of a new slave empire, and whether it is intended that on this
audacious and infernal basis England’s new ally is to be built up.

Now I should have no kind of objection to recognize a country
because it was a country that held slaves — to recognize the United

States, or to be in amity with it. The question of slavery there, and in —

Cuba and in Brazil, is, as far as respects the present generation, an
accident, and it would be unreasonable that we should object to trade
with and have political relations with a country, merely because it
happened to have within its borders the institution of slavery, hateful as
that institution is. But in this case it is a new state intending to set itself

up on the sole basis of slavery. Slavery is blasphemously declared to be |

its chief corner-stone. | | =
I have heard that there are, in this country, ministers of state who are

 

in favour of the South; that there are members of the aristocracy who >

ate terrified at the shadow of the Great Republic; that there are rich men

on our commercial exchanges, depraved, it may be, by their riches, and —

27 thriving unwholesomely within the atmosphere of a privileged class:
_ that there are conductors of the public press who would barter the rights

== Ok millions of their fellow-creatures that they might bask in the smiles of
3 the great. , eos

But I know that hese are ministers Se state who do not wish that this es
insurrection should break up the American nation; that there are mem-
bers of our atistocracy who are not aftaid of the shadow of the _

: Republic; that there are rich men, many, who ate not depraved by their —
‘s tiches; and that there ate public writers of eminence and honour who >

 
310 Bright: “A mighty fabric of human bondage’
a pe ee ee

will not barter human rights for the patronage of the great. But most of
all, and before all, I believe — I am sure it is true in Lancashire, where
the working men have seen themselves coming down from prosperity to
ruin, from independence to a subsistence on charity — I say that I believe
that the unenfranchised but not hopeless millions of this country wil]
never sympathize with a revolt which is intended to destroy the liberty
of a continent, and to build on its ruins a mighty fabric of human
bondage .

Slavery has been, as we all know, the huge, foul blot upon the fame of
the American Republic; it is a hideous outrage against human right and
against divine law; but the pride, the passion of man, will not permit its
peaceable extinction. The slave owners of our colonies, if they had been
strong enough, would have revolted too. I believe there was no mode
short of a miracle more stupendous than any recorded in Holy Writ that
could in our time, or in a century, or in any time, have brought about
the abolition of slavery in America, but the suicide which the South has

_ committed and the war which it has begun . :
_ I blame men who are eager to admit into the family of nations a state
which offers itself to us, based upon a principle, I will undertake to say,

- more odious and more blasphemous than was ever heretofore dreamed
of in Christian or Pagan, in civilized or in savage times. The leaders of
this revolt propose this monstrous thing — that over a territory forty
times as large as England, the blight and curse of slavery shall be for —
ever perpetuated. oe |

: I cannot believe, for my part, that such a fate will befall that fair land, —

e e stricken though it now is with the ravages of war. I cannot believe that _

: - civilization, in its journey with the sun, will sink into endless night in ;

4 order to aa the ambition of the leaders of this revolt, who seek to

   
   
  
    

Wade through slaughter to a throne,
And shut the gates of mercy on mankind.

et ee another and a far brighter vision before my gaze. It may be but a
vision, but I will cherish it. I see one vast confederation stretching. frot )
the frozen North in unbroken line to the glowing South, and fro n th ¢
wild billows of the Atlantic westward to the calmer waters of the Pacific
main — and I see one people, and one language, and one law, and of
faith, and, over all that wide continent, the home of freedom, 4
_tefuge for the oppressed of every race and of every clime. ;

 
Gladstone: ‘You cannot fight against the future’ 311

 

WILLIAM GLADSTONE
27 April 1866

‘You cannot fight against the future’

Gladstone introduced the Representation of the People Bill on 12 March. His
Reform Bill lowered the property qualification for voting, added some 400,000
votes to the electorate, and provoked a major political storm.

Disraeli said that the bill was conceived in the spirit of the American rather
than the British Constitution — and taunted Gladstone with a speech he had made
thirty-five years earlier at the Oxford Union in which he had said that the
suffrage was ‘a moral right’. ,

Speaking for two and a half hours, until 3.30 a.m., Gladstone delivered this
Stinging rebuke. =

Let us for a moment consider the enormous and silent changes which
have been going forward among the labouring population. May I use —
the words to honourable and right honourable gentlemen once used by —
way of exhortation by Sir Robert Peel to his opponents, ‘elevate your —
vision’? Let us try and raise our views above the fears, the suspicions,
the jealousies, the reproaches, and the recriminations of this place and
this occasion. Let us look onward to the time of our children and of our
children’s children. Let us know what preparation it behoves us should
be made for that coming time. Is there or is there not, I ask, a steady _
movement of the labouring classes, and is or is not that movement a
movement onwards and upwards? . . . 3 mee
Stee my tight honourable friend, in whom mistrust rises to its utmost
height, ever really considered the astonishing phenomena connected ~
- with some portion of the conduct of the labouring classes, especially in ;
__ the Lancashire distress? Has he considered what an amount of self-denial _
was exhibited by these men in respect to the American war? They knew
_ that the source of their distress lay in the war, yet they never uttered or —
entertained the wish that any effort should be made to put an end to it,
_ as they held it to be a war for justice and for freedom. Could any man —
have believed that a conviction so still, so calm, so firm, so energetic, —
_ could have planted itself in the minds of a population without becoming — ;

 

_ @ known patent fact throughout the whole country? But we knew -_

___ Rothing of it. And yet when the day of trial came we saw that noble —

 
312 Gladstone: “You cannot fight against the future’
eI ae eR Rr er a

sympathy on their part with the people of the North; that determination
that, be their sufferings what they might, no word should proceed from
them that would hurt a cause which they so firmly believed to be ; just,
On one side there was a magnificent moral spectacle; on the other side
was there not also a great lesson to us all, to teach us that in those little
tutored, but yet reflective minds, by a process of quiet instillation,
opinions and sentiments gradually form themselves of which we for a
long time remain unaware, but which, when at last they make their
appearance, are found to be deep-rooted, mature and ineradicable? . .
Sir, the hour has arrived when this protracted debate must come to an
end [Cheers] . .
_ But a very ear snaids more, and I have done. May I speak briefly to
honourable gentlemen opposite, as some of them have addressed advice
to gentlemen on this side of the House. I would ask them, ‘Will you not
consider, before you embark in this new crusade, whether the results of
those other crusades in which you have heretofore engaged have been
‘sO Satisfactory to you as to encourage you to repeat the operation?’

Great battles you have fought, and fought them manfully. The battle
~ of maintaining civil disabilities on account of religious belief, the battle of

a Z resisting the first Reform Act, the obstinate and long-continued battle

08, protection, all these great battles have been fought by the great party
_ that I see opposite; and, as to some portion of those conflicts, I admit
7 ~ my own share of the responsibility. But I ask, again, have their results —
__ have their results towards yourselves — been such as that you should be
_ disposed to renew struggles such as these? Certainly those who compose

_ the Liberal party here, at least in that capacity have no reason or title to

— find fault. The effect of your course has been to give them for five out

of every six, or for six out of every seven years since the epoch of the

Reform Act the conduct and management of public affairs. The effect

_ has been to lower, to reduce, and contract your just influence in the

- country, and to abridge your legitimate share in the administration of
the: government. It is good for the public interest that you should be
_ strong; but if you are to be strong, you can only be so by showing, in

_ addition to the kindness and the personal generosity which I am sure —
= you feel towards the people, a public, a political trust and confidence in —
them. What I now say can hardly be said with an evil motive, I am
_ conscious of no such sentiment towards any man or party. But, sir, we
are assailed; this bill is in a state of crisis and of peril, and shes eS
os ee rhe seathe it. me stand or fall with i it, as aay ame desea

 
Disraeli: ‘Sant/as sanitatum, omnia sanitas’ B43

 

with it a short time hence. If we do so fall, we, or others in our places,
shall rise with it hereafter. I shall not attempt to measure with precision
the forces that are to be atrayed against us in the coming issue. Perhaps
the great division of tonight is not the last that must take place in the
struggle. At some point of the contest you may possibly succeed. You
may drive us from our seats. You may bury the bill that we have

introduced, but we will write upon its gravestone for an epitaph this
line, with certain confidence in its fulfilment —

Exoriare aliquis nostris ex ossibus ultor.*

You cannot fight against the future. Time is on our side. The great
social forces which move onwards in their might and majesty, and which
_ the tumult of our debates does not for a moment impede or disturb —
those great social forces are against you; they are marshalled on out side;
and the banner which we now carry in this fight, though perhaps at
some moment it may droop over our sinking heads, yet it soon again
will float in the eye of heaven, and it will be borne by the firm hands of
the united people of the three kingdoms, perhaps not to an easy, but to a
certain and to a not distant victory.

Gladstone lost his bill in June and announced the resignation of his government.
Lord Derby formed a Conservative government. Disraeli succeeded Gladstone as
Chancellor and leader of the Commons and introduced the successful 1867 Reform
Bilhs <= Se ee eee

BENJAMINDISRAELI __
J Apa ae

‘Sanitas sanitatum, omnia sanitas’

Disraeli seldom made speeches to mass audiences, but in 1872 he made two that
clinched his command of the Conservative party.
The first was at the Free Trade Hall in Manchester, the favourite platform of

Cobden and Bright, where he sustained himself through a three-and-a-quarter-hour
Speech by consuming two bottles of ‘white brandy’. }

e * Arise you avenger from my bones (Virgil, Aeneid, Bk IV).

cae
314 Disraeli: ‘Sanitas sanitatum, omnia sanitas’

ee ae ete

 

 

a

He presented the Conservatives as the patriotic party, denounced radical forces
determined to destroy the Church and House of Lords, even the monarchy, declared

that the first consideration of a minister should be the health of the people, and

ended with a rallying cry to England as a powerful country with an imperial
destiny.

The Conservative party are accused of having no programme of policy,
If by a programme is meant a plan to despoil churches and plunder
landlords, I admit we have no programme. If by a programme is meant
a policy which assails or menaces every institution and every interest,
every class and every calling in the country, I admit we have no
‘programme. But if to have a policy with distinct ends, and these such as
most deeply interest the great body of the nation, be a becoming
__ programme for a political party, then I contend we have an adequate
oat programme and one which, here ot elsewhere, I shall always be prepared
=e to assert and to vindicate.
Gentlemen, the programme of the Conservative party is to maintain
Fie Constitution of the country. I have not come down to Manchester to
_ deliver an essay on the English Constitution; but when the banner of
e ees is unfurled - when the fundamental principles of our
institutions are controverted — I think, perhaps, it may not be inconven-
& -ient that I should make some few practical remarks upon the character
of our _ Constitution — upon that a limited yy the coordinate

 
  
 
   
   
   
     
 
  
     

: aa, aaa Commons, has Scab died sO sia to the pccanenae of

s _this country, and with the maintenance of which I believe that prosperity —
| is bound up. | |

Gentlemen, since the settlement of that eiecincdak now nearly two 5
centuries ago, England has never experienced a revolution, though there —

ad i iin

ize of supreme power without the sphere of human passions. Whatever
ie Struggle of Patties, whatever the strife of factions, whatever a

change. How is ‘this? Bocuse the wisdom of your Seiden placed the

 
  

ee ountry round \ which all classes and parties could : lh 3
ae the | majesty of the law, the administration of justice, ar

sere ing, at ake same so i security, for every man 's rights end the
untain of honou ‘ Ss ; el tele

      

  
Disraeli: ‘Santfas santtatum, omnia sanitas’ 3s
se ee et en eae

 

ce LLL LLL LLL LLL ALLL TENT cite teeter aatainmtiacis

ingenuity of man. It means, for that space, the continuous application of
the discoveries of science to his comfort and convenience. It means the
accumulation of capital, the elevation of labour, the establishment of
those admirable factories which cover your district; the unwearied
improvement of the cultivation of the land, which has extracted from a
somewhat churlish soil harvests more exuberant than those furnished by
lands nearer to the sun. It means the continuous order which is the only

parent of personal liberty and political right. And you owe all these,
gentlemen, to the Throne.

There is another powerful and most beneficial influence which is also
exercised by the Crown. Gentlemen, I am a party man. I believe that,
without party, parliamentary government is impossible. I look upon
parliamentary government as the noblest government in the world, and
certainly the one most suited to England. But without the discipline of
political connection, animated by the principle of private honour, I feel
certain that a popular assembly would sink before the power or the
corruption of a minister. Yet, gentlemen, I am not blind to the faults of

party government. It has one great defect. Party has a tendency to warp
the intelligence, and there is no minister, however resolved he may be in

treating a great public question, who does not find some difficulty in
emancipating himself from the traditionary prejudice on which he has
long acted. It is, therefore, a great merit in our Constitution that before
a minister introduces a measure to Parliament, he must submit it to an
intelligence superior to all party, and entirely free from influences of that
character... =
Gentlemen, I am not here to maintain that there is nothing to be done
to increase the well-being of the working classes of this country,
generally speaking. There is not a single class in the country which is
not susceptible of improvement; and that makes the life and animation
of our society. But in all we do we must remember that much depends
upon the working classes themselves; and what I know of the working
_ classes in Lancashire makes me sure that they will respond to this appeal.
Much also may be expected from that sympathy between classes which is
a distinctive feature of the present day; and, in the last place, no
__ inconsiderable results may be obtained by judicious and prudent legisla-
tion. But, gentlemen, in attempting to legislate upon social matters the
great object is to be practical — to have before us some distinct aims and
some distinct means by which they can be accomplished, | -
Gentlemen, I think public attention as regards these matters ought to
a be concentrated upon sanitary legislation. ‘That is a wide subject, and, if

 

 
316 Disraeli: ‘Sanitas sanitatum, omnia sanitas’

 

 

ere tans Sg

properly treated, comprises almost every consideration which has a just
claim upon legislative interference. Pure air, pute water, the inspection
of unhealthy habitations, the adulteration of food — these and many
kindred matters may be legitimately dealt with by the legislature; and |
am bound to say the legislature is not idle upon them; for we have at
this time two important measures before Parliament on the subject. One
— by a late colleague of mine, Sir Charles Adderley — is a large and
comprehensive measure, founded upon a sure basis, for it consolidates
all existing public acts, and improves them.

The other measure by the government is of a partial character. What
it comprises is good, so far as it goes, but it shrinks from that bold
consolidation of existing acts which I think one of the great merits of Sir
Charles Adderley’s bill, which permits us to become acquainted with
how much may be done in favour of sanitary improvement by existing
provisions. =

Gentlemen, I cannot impress upon you too strongly my conviction of

_ the importance of the legislature and society uniting together in favour
_ of these important results. A great scholar and a great wit, three
hundred years ago, said that, in his opinion, there was a great mistake in
___ the Vulgate, which, as you all know, is the Latin translation of the Holy
__ Seriptures, and that, instead of saying ‘Vanity of vanities, all is vanity’ —
_ Vanitas vanitatum, omnia vanitas — the wise and witty king really said:
= “Sanitas sanitatum, omnia sanitas.’ Gentlemen, it is impossible to overrate
the importance of the subject. After all, the first consideration of a

minister should be the health of the people. A land may be covered with

historic trophies, with museums of science and galleries of art, with

universities and with libraries; the people may be civilized and ingenious;

the country may be even famous in the annals and action of the world,
_ but, gentlemen, if the population every ten years decreases, and the
_ Stature of the race every ten years diminishes, the history of that country

will soon be the history of the past .. . 7

I doubt not there is in this hall more than one publican who

_ femembers that last year an act of Parliament was introduced to denounce

_ him as a ‘sinner’. I doubt not there are in this hall a widow and an

_ Ofphan who remember the profligate proposition to plunder their lonely
heritage. But, gentlemen, as time advanced it was not difficult a
_ Perceive that extravagance was being substituted for energy by the
_ government. The unnatural stimulus was subsiding. Their paroxys™S
= ended in Prostration. Some took refuge in melancholy, and their eminent
chief alternated between a menace and a sigh. As I sat opposite t

 
 
 
 

  
 
Disraeli: ‘The issue is not a mean one’ 317

 

treasury bench the ministers reminded me of one of those marine
landscapes not vety unusual on the coast of South America. You behold
a range of exhausted volcanoes. Not a flame flickers on a single pallid
crest. But the situation is still dangerous. There are occasional earth-
quakes, and ever and anon the dark rumbling of the sea .

BENJAMIN DISRAELI
24 June 1872

‘The issue 1s not a mean one’

Al few weeks later, at Crystal Palace in London, Disraeli refined his Manchester
speech and set out the historic principles of the Conservative party — to maintain
Britain's institutions, advance the empire and elevate the condition of the people.

Cantkmes the Tory party, unless it is a national party, is nothing. It is
not a confederacy of nobles, it is not a democratic multitude; it is a party
formed from all the numerous classes in the realm — classes alike and
equal before the law, but whose different conditions and different aims
give vigour and variety to our national life.

_ Gentlemen, a body of public men distinguished by their capacity took
advantage of these circumstances. They seized the helm of affairs in a
manner the honour of which I do not for a moment question, but they
introduced a new system into our political life. Influenced in a great
degree by the philosophy and the politics of the Continent, they endeav-
oured to substitute cosmopolitan for national principles; and they bap-
_ tized the new scheme of politics with the plausible name of ‘Liberalism’.
Far be it from me for a moment to intimate that a country like England
should not profit by the political experience of Continental nations of
not inferior civilization; far be it from me for a moment to maintain that

the party which then obtained power and which has since generally |
possessed it did not make many suggestions for our public life that were

_ of great value, and bring forward many measures which, though changes,

were nevertheless improvements. But the tone and tendency of Liberal-.
ism cannot be long concealed. It is to attack the institutions of the —

country under the name of Reform, and to make war on the manners
and customs of the people of this country under the pretext of Sangeet An

During the forty years that have elapsed since the commencement of this

*

 
318 Disraeli: ‘The issue is not a mean one’

Se ee

new system — although the superficial have seen upon its surface

ea onl
the contentions of political parties — the real state of affairs has been Fe!

the attempt of one party to establish in this country Cosmopolitan ideas
“5

continued — to recur to and resume those national principles to which
they attribute the greatness and glory of the country.
The Liberal party cannot complain that they have not had fair play.

Never had a political party such advantages, never such opportunities.

and the efforts of another — unconscious efforts, sometimes, |

_ They are still in power; they have been for a long period in power. And

yet what is the result? I speak not I am sure the language of exaggeration
when I say that they are viewed by the community with distrust and, ]
might even say, with repugnance. And, now, what is the present
prospect of the national party? I have ventured to say that in my opinion

Liberalism, from its essential elements, notwithstanding all the energy

and ability with which its tenets have been advocated by its friends —

- notwithstanding the advantage which has accrued to them, as I will
confess, from all the mistakes of their opponents, is viewed by the
country with distrust. Now in what light is the party of which we are
members viewed by the country, and what relation does public opinion
ee bear to our opinions and our policy? ...
Now, I have always been of opinion that the Tory party has three

great objects. The first is to maintain the institutions of the country —

hot from any sentiment of political superstition, but because we believe
_ that they embody the principles upon which a community like England

= -

Pe can alone safely rest. The ptinciples of liberty, of order, of law, and of
____ teligion ought not to be entrusted to individual opinion or to the caprice
and passion of multitudes, but should be embodied in a form of

permanence and power. We associate with the monarchy the ideas which
it represents — the majesty of law, the administration of justice, the
fountain of mercy and of honour. We know that in the estates of the
realm and the privileges they enjoy, is the best security for public liberty

__and good government. We believe that a national profession of faith can

only be maintained by an established Church, and that no society is safe

_ unless there is a public recognition of the providential government of ©
_ the world, and of the future responsibility of man. Well, it is a curious
circumstance that during all these same forty years of triumphant Liberal-
_ ism, every one of these institutions has been attacked and assailed - 1 —

ie pa ae

ia
“ae
oe

s Say, continuously attacked and assailed. And what, gentlemen, has gare
the result? For the last forty years the most depreciating comparisons:

___ have been instituted between the sovereignty of England and the sovet-—

e

 
Disraeli: ‘The issue is not a mean one’ “stg—

eignty of a great republic. We have been called upon in every way, in
Parliament, in the press, by articles in newspapers, by pamphlets, by
every means which can influence opinion, to contrast the simplicity and
economy of the sovereignty of the United States with the cumbrous cost
of the sovereignty of England...

Now, if you consider the state of public opinion with regard to those
estates of the realm, what do you find? Take the case of the House of
Lords. The House of Lords has been assailed during this reign of
Liberalism in every manner and unceasingly. Its constitution has been
denounced as anomalous, its influence declared pernicious; but what has
been the result of this assault and criticism of forty years? Why, the
people of England, in my opinion, have discovered that the existence of
a second chamber is necessary to constitutional government; and, while
necessaty to constitutional government, is, at the same time, of all
political inventions the most difficult. Therefore, the people of this —
country have congratulated themselves that, by the aid of an ancient and
famous history, there has been developed in this country an assembly
which possesses all the virtues which a senate should possess — independ-
ence, great local influence, eloquence, all the accomplishments of political
life, and a public training which no theory could supply. _ |

The assault of Liberalism upon the House of Lords has been mainly
occasioned by the prejudice of Liberalism against the land laws of this
country. But in my opinion, and in the opinion of wiser men than.
myself, and of men in other countries beside this, the liberty of England
depends much upon the landed tenure of England — upon the fact that
there is a class which can alike defy despots and mobs, around which the ~
people may always rally, and which must be patriotic from its intimate
‘connection with the soil. Well, gentlemen, so far as these institutions of
the country — the monarchy and the Lords spiritual and temporal — a0
___ concerned, I think we may fairly say, without exaggeration, that public _

_ opinion is in favour of those institutions, the maintenance of which is _

one of the principal tenets of the Tory party, and the existence of which |
se has been unceasingly criticised for forty years by the Liberal party. Now,

let me say a word about the other estate of the realm, which was first _

attacked by Liberalism. ae | ee

One of the most distinguishing features of the great change effected in _

1832 was that those who brought it about at once abolished all the _

franchises of the working classes. They were franchises as ancient as _

<2 those of the baronage of England; and, while they abolished them, they

____ Proposed no substitute. The discontent upon the subject of the representa-

 
 

 
320 Disraeli: ‘The issue is not a mean one’
Sen a ag ete ee

secant

Sag

tion which has from that time more or less pervaded our society dates
from that period, and that discontent, all will admit, has now ceased. It
was terminated by the Act of Parliamentary Reform of 1867-8. That Act
was founded on a confidence that the great body of the people of this
country were ‘Conservative’. When I say ‘Conservative’, I use the word
in its purest and loftiest sense. I mean that the people of England, and
especially the working classes of England, are proud of belonging to a
great country, and wish to maintain its greatness — that they are proud
of belonging to an imperial country, and are resolved to maintain, if
they can, their empire — that they believe, on the whole, that the
greatness and the empire of England are to be attributed to the ancient
institutions of the land. -
Gentlemen, I venture to exptfess my opinion, long entertained, and
which has never for a moment faltered, that this is the disposition of
= the great mass ‘of the people; and I am not misled for a moment by
wild expressions and eccentric conduct which may occur in the metro-
ss polis of this country. There are people who may be, or who at least
_ affect to be, working men, and who, no doubt, have a certain influence
with a certain portion of the metropolitan working classes, who talk
| Jacobinism .. .
7 I say with confidence that the great body of the working class of
England utterly repudiate such sentiments. They have no sympathy with
them. They are English to the core. They repudiate cosmopolitan
_ principles. They adhere to national principles. They are for maintaining
_ the greatness of the kingdom and the empire, and they are proud of
_ being subjects of our sovereign and members of such an empire...
§ No institution of England, since the advent of Liberalism, has been so
systematically, so continuously assailed as the established Church. Gentle-
_ men, we were first told that the Church was asleep, and it is very
2 possible, as evetybody, civil and spiritual, was asleep forty years ago,
_ that that might have been the case. Now we are told that the Church is
_ too active, and that it will be destroyed by its internal restlessness and
energy. I see in all these efforts of the Church to represent every mood
of the spiritual mind of man, no evidence that it will fall, no proof that
_ any fatal disruption is at hand. I see in the Church, as I believe I see in

  
 
  

 

 

_ England, an immense effort to rise to national feelings and recur to

_ fational principles. The Church of England, like all our institutions,

_ feels it must be national, and it knows that, to be national, it must be —
_ comprehensive. Gentlemen, I have referred to what I look upon as the
- first object of the Tory party — namely, to maintain the institutions of

ce

 
Disraeli: ‘The issue is not a mean one | ag

the country, and reviewing what has occurred, and referring to the
present temper of the times upon these subjects, I think that the Tory
party, or, as I will venture to call it, the National party, has everything
to encourage it. I think that the nation, tested by many and severe trials,
has arrived at the conclusion which*we have always maintained, that it is
the first duty of England to maintain its institutions, because to them we
principally ascribe the power and prosperity of the country.

Gentlemen, there is another and second great object of the Tory party.
If the first is to maintain the institutions of the country, the second is,
in my opinion, to uphold the empire of India, as a burden upon this
country, viewing everything in a financial aspect, and totally passing by
those moral and political considerations which make nations great, and
by the influence of which alone men are distinguished from animals.

Well, what has been the result of this attempt during the reign of —
Liberalism for the disintegration of the empire? It has entirely failed. But
how has it failed? Through the sympathy of the colonies with the
mother country. They have decided that the empire shall not be de- —
sttoyed, and in my opinion no minister in this countty will do his duty
who neglects any opportunity of reconstructing as much as possible our
colonial empire, and of responding to those distant sympathies which
may become the source of incalculable strength and happiness to this.
land. Therefore, gentlemen, with respect to the second great object of ©
the Tory party also — the maintenance of the empire — public opinion
appears to be in favour of our principles — that public opinion which, I
am bound to say, thirty years ago, was not favourable to our principles,
and which, during a long interval of controversy, in the interval had
been doubtful. se ee |

Gentlemen, another great object of the Tory party, and one not
inferior to the maintenance of the empire, or the upholding of our

institutions, is the elevation of the condition of the people. Let us seein _
this great struggle between Toryism and Liberalism that has prevailed in _
this country during the last forty years what are the salient features. It _
must be obvious to all who consider the condition of the multitude with
a desire to improve and elevate it, that no important step can be gained _
unless you can effect some reduction of their hours of labour and
humanize their toil. The great problem is to be able to achieve such _
results without violating those principles of economic truth upon which _
_ the Prosperity of all states depends. You recollect well that many years
ee the Tory party believed that these two results might be obtained — 3
that you might elevate the condition of the people by the reduction of _

 
322 Disraeli: ‘The issue ts not a mean one’
ee ie ee

Sanne

their toil and the mitigation of their labour, and at the same time inflict
no injury on the wealth of the nation. You know how that effort was
encountered — how these views and principles were met by the trium.-
phant statesmen of Liberalism. They told you that the inevitable conse-
quence of your policy was to diminish capital, that this, again, would
lead to the lowering of wages, to a great diminution of the employment
of the people, and ultimately to the impoverishment of the kingdom.

These were not merely the opinions of ministers of state, but those of
the most blatant and loud-mouthed leaders of the Liberal party. And
what has been the result? Those measures were carried, but carried, as I
can bear witness, with great difficulty and after much labour and a long
struggle. Yet they were carried; and what do we now find? That capital
‘was never accumulated so quickly, that wages were never higher, that
the employment of the people was never greater, and the country never
wealthier...

_ This is a numerous assembly; this is an assembly individually influen-
tial; but it is not on account of its numbers, it is not on account of its
_ individual influence, that I find it to me deeply interesting. It is because

I know that I am addressing a representative assembly. It is because I

_ know that there are men here who come from all districts and all

quarters of England, who represent classes and powerful societies, and

_ who meet here not merely for the pleasure of a festival, but because they

believe that our assembling together may lead to national advantage.

Yes, I tell all who are here present that there is a responsibility which
you have incurred today, and which you must meet like men. When you
return to yout homes, when you return to your counties and to your
cities, you must tell to all those whom you can influence that the time is
at hand, that, at least, it cannot be far distant, when England will have
to decide between national and cosmopolitan principles. The issue is not
a mean one. It is whether you will be content to be a comfortable
England, modelled and moulded upon Continental principles and meet-
ing in due course an inevitable fate, or whether you will be a great
country — an imperial country — a country where your sons, when they
rise, tise to paramount positions, and obtain not merely the esteem of
_ their countrymen, but command the respect of the world.
Upon you depends the issue . . .

_ The Manchester and Crystal Palace speeches are still cited as the major contriba-
_ bon of Disraeli to an enduring concept of progressive Conservatism, though Robert cs
_ Blake points out that social reform occupies only three of forty-fwe pages in the 7

 
Gladstone: ‘God speed the right’ | ILS

OO A AC A A Ae

major edition of his speeches. Social legislation was a major preoccupation of his
government in 1879-6.

WILLIAM GLADSTONE

THE MIDLOTHIAN CAMPAIGN

Gladstone's Midlothian campaign in 1879 marked a turning point in British
political history. It was the first time a British statesman had gone on the stump
to woo the electorate. He made fwe major indoor speeches as well as many others at
ratlway stations on his journey or to waiting crowds.

Every word he spoke was reported all over the country, says bis biographer
Philip Magnus. ‘People flocked to Midlothian from all parts of Scotland,
including the storm-vexed Hebrides, to hear the magic voice, to watch the eagle eye,
to enjoy the superb gestures and to share in what Disraeli called a “pilgrimage of
passion’’ and Gladstone a “festival of freedom’? =

25 November 1879, , Edinburgh
. Cag sped the right”

WSs Gladstone eal: ie 5: sila by train, oo of workers gathered to cheer
him as he passed and he spoke to them at the stations in Carlisle, Hawick and
Galashiels. As he arrwed at Edinburgh, bonfires blazed on the hills and fireworks
cascaded in the my ext — be delivered the first pas g oni Midlothian

| Kgl Eas

It is no longer the government with which you have to deal. You have
to deal with the majority of the House of Commons. The majority of the
House of Commons has completely acquitted the government. Upon
every occasion when the government has appealed to it, the majority of
the House of Commons has been ready to answer to the call. Hardly a —
man has ever hesitated to grant the confidence that was desired, however
outrageous in our view the nature of the demand might be. Completely —
_ and bodily, the majority of the House of Commons has taken on itself _
the saponaibility of the government — and not only the collective —

 
324 Gladstone: ‘God speed the right’
a a a a ee camer ee

majority of the House of Commons, gentlemen. If you had got to dea]
with them by a vote of censure on that majority in the lump, that would
be a very ineffective method of dealing. They must be dealt with
individually. That majority is made up of units. It is the unit with which
you have got to deal. And let me tell you that the occasion is a solemn
one; for as I am the first to aver that now fully and bodily the majority
of the House of Commons has, in the face of the country, by a multitude
of repeated and deliberate acts, made itself wholly and absolutely respons-
ible in the whole of these transactions that I have been commenting
upon, and in many more; and as the House of Commons has done that,
so upon the coming general election will it have to be determined
_ whether that responsibility, so shifted from an Administration to a
7 ~ Parliament, shall again be shifted from a Parliament toa nation. As yet
_ the nation has had no opportunity. Nay, as I pointed out early in these
femarks, the government do not seem disposed to give them the
= Opportunity. To the last moment, so far as we are informed by the best
authorities, they intend to withhold it. The nation, therefore, is not yet
Se pencil. If faith has been broken, if blood has been needlessly shed,
__ if the name of England has been discredited and lowered from that lofty
_ standard which it ought to exhibit to the whole world, if the country has
been needlessly distressed, if finance has been thrown into confusion, if
__ the foundations of the Indian Empire have been impaired, all these
things as yet are the work of an Administration and a Parliament; but
= the day is coming, and is near at hand, when that event will take place
- which will lead the historian to declare whether or not they are the
work, not of an Administration and not of a Parliament, but the work of
a great and a free people. If this great and free and powerful people is _
ee disposed to associate itself with such transactions, if it is disposed ta
_ assume upon itself what some of us would call the guilt, and many of us —
must declare to be the heavy burden, of all those events that have been —
| - passing before our eyes, it rests with them to do it. But, gentlemen, tet
every one of us resolve in his inner conscience, before God and before _
man — let him resolve that he at least will have no share in such a =
proceeding; that he will do his best to exempt himself; that he will ;
exempt himself from every participation in what he believes to be —
mischievous and ruinous misdeeds; that, so far as his exertions can avail,
90 trifling, no secondary consideration shall stand in the way of them, of
ie, Suate them; that he will do what in him lies to dissuade his country nen

 

 

   
   

  
 
   

 

 

 

 

ee ee ee
 

Gladstone: ‘Remember the rights of the savage’ coe

 

to try. Our minds are made up. You and they have got to speak. I for
my part have done and will do the little that rests with me to make clear

the nature of the great controversy that is to be decided; and I say from
the bottom of my soul, “God speed the right.’

26 November 1879, Dalkeith
‘Remember the rights of the savage’

I am not here before you as one of those who have ever professed to
believe that the state which society has reached permits us to make a
vow of universal peace, and of renouncing, in all cases, the alternative of
war. But I am here to say that a long experience of life leads me, not
towards any abstract doctrine upon the subject, but to a deeper and
deeper conviction of the enormous mischiefs of war, even under the best
and most favourable circumstances, and of the mischiefs indescribable
and the guilt unredeemed of causeless and unnecessary wars. Look back
over the pages of history; consider the feelings, with which we now
regard wars that our forefathers in their time supported with the same
pernicious fanaticism, of which we have had some developments in this
country within the last three years. Consider, for example, that the —
American War, now condemned by 999 out of every 1,000 persons in
this country, was a war which for years was enthusiastically supported
by the mass of the population. And then see how powerful and deadly
are the fascinations of passion and of pride; and, if it be true that the -
errors of former times are recorded for our instruction, in order that we
may avoid their repetition, then I beg and entreat you, be on your guard
against these deadly fascinations; do not suffer appeals to national pride
to blind you to the dictates of j justice. _ as 3
Remember the rights of the savage, as. we call him. Remember that
the happiness of his humble home, remember that the sanctity of life in
the hill villages of Afghanistan among the winter snows, is as inviolable
in the eye of Almighty God as can be your own. Remember that He
who has united you together as human beings in the same flesh ane
blood, has bound you by the law of mutual love; that that mutual love is
not limited by the shores of this island, is not limited by the boundaries _
of Christian civilization; that it passes over the whole surface of the —
earth, and embraces the meanest along with the greatest in its unmeasured

ati
ore ee eee
326 Gladstone: ‘Liberty for ourselves, Empire over the rest of mankind’
| |

scope. And, therefore, I think that in appealing to you ungrudgingly to
open your own feelings, and bear your own part in a political crisis like
this, we are making no inappropriate demand, but are beseeching you to
fulfil a duty which belongs to you, which, so far from involving any de-
parture from your character as women, is associated with the fulfilment
of that character, and the performance of its duties; the neglect of which
would in future times be to you a source of pain and just mortification,
and the fulfilment of which will serve to gild your own future years with
sweet remembrances, and to warrant you in hoping that, each in your
own place and sphere, you have raised your voice for justice, and have
sttiven to mitigate the sorrows and misfortunes of mankind.

27 November 1879, West Calder
‘Liberty for ourselves, Empire over the rest of mankind

Se Triumphal arches had been erected along the route as Gladstone travelled to West

_ Calder, and its streets were lit by hundreds of fairy lanterns at night.
s = am softy to find that that which I call the pharisaical assertion of our |
_ own superiority has found its way alike into the practice and seemingly

: into the theories of the government. I am not going to assert anything
_ which is not known, but the Prime Minister has said that there is one _
_ day in the year — namely, the 9th of November, Lord Mayor’s Day-on
which the language of sense and truth is to be heard amidst the
surrounding din of idle rumours generated and fledged in the brains of
irresponsible scribes. I do not agree, gentlemen, in that panegyric upon °

the 9th of November... | =
| On that day the Prime Minister, speaking out — I do not question for a

a moment his own sincere opinion — made what I think one of the most

unhappy and ominous allusions ever made by a minister of this country.
He quoted certain 3

 

 
_ tevival may be. I say it indicates an intention — I say it indicates a frame
of mind, and that frame of mind, unfortunately, I find, has been

 

Gladstone: ‘Liberty for ourselves, Empire over the rest of mankind 327
a SRI ela i Ta ca ses ca OO

What, gentlemen, was Rome? Rome was indeed an imperial state, you
may tell me — I know not, I cannot read the counsels of Providence — a
state having a mission to subdue the world; but a state whose very basis
it was to deny the equal rights, to proscribe the independent existence,
of other nations. That, gentlemen, was the Roman idea. It has been
partially and not ill described in three lines of a translation from Virgil
by our great poet Dryden, which run as follows:

O Rome! ’tis thine alone with awful sway
To rule mankind, and make the world obey,
Disposing peace and war thine own majestic way.

We are told to fall back upon this example. No doubt the word ‘Empire’
was qualified with the word ‘Liberty’. But what did the two words
‘Liberty’ and “Empire’ mean in a Roman mouth? They meant simply
this — ‘Liberty for ourselves, Empire over the rest of mankind.’

I do not think, gentlemen, that this ministry, or any other ministry, is
going to place us in the position of Rome. What I object to is the revival
of the idea — I care not how feebly, I care not even how, from a
philosophic or historic point of view, how ridiculous the attempt at this

 

consistent with the policy of which I have given you some illustrations —
the policy of denying to others the rights that we claim ourselves. No
doubt, gentlemen, Rome may have had its work to do, and Rome did its
work. But modern times have brought a different state of things.

Modern times have established a sisterhood of nations, equal, independ-

ent; each of them built up under that legitimate defence which public

law affords to every nation, living within its own borders, and seeking

to perform its own affairs; but if one thing more than another has been

 

detestable to Europe, it has been the appearance upon the stage from
time to time of men who, even in the times of the Christian civilization,
have been thought to aim at universal dominion. It was this aggressive
disposition on the part of Louis XIV, King of France, that led your
forefathers, gentlemen, freely to spend their blood and treasure in a_
cause not immediately their own, and to struggle against the method of

policy which, having Paris for its centre, seemed to aim at an universal

monatchy,

 
328 Gladstone: ‘The blessed ends of prosperity and justice’

 

Sn

5 December 1879, Glasgow
‘The blessed ends of prosperity and justice, liberty and peace’

In the morning, Gladstone addressed the students of Glasgow University as Lord
Rector. Then in the afternoon he spoke to 6,000 in St A ndrew’s Hall. Thousands

had to be turned away.

Well, gentlemen, what then is the general upshot of this review, in
which I have been engaged since I came to Scotland; which I have had, I
feel it more than any can, no power adequately to conduct, but yet
which I hope I have not gone through without bringing out into the
_ light, and bringing home to the mind and the heart, some truths at least
which it is material for this nation to know? What is the general upshotr
Let us look at it together. I will use the fewest words. We have finance
= ae confusion; we have legislation in intolerable arrear; we have honour
compromised by the breach of public law; we have public distress
aggravated by the destruction of confidence; we have Russia aggrandized
and yet estranged; we have Turkey befriended as we say, but mutilated,
and sinking every day; we have Europe restless and disturbed — Europe,
. which, after the Treaty of Paris, at all events so far as the Eastern
_ Question was concerned, had something like rest for a period approach-
E os twenty years, has, almost ere the ink of the Treaty of Berlin is dry,
been agitated from end to end with rumours and alarms, so that on the
= last 10th of November we were told that the Prime Minister thought
_ that peace might be preserved, but on the previous 9th of November —
namely, four months after the Treaty — it had been much more doubtful. —
a Africa you have before you the memory of bloodshed, of military
es disaster, the record of 10,000 Zulus — such is the computation of Bishop 2 i
Colenso — slain for no other offence than their attempt to defend against

your artillery with their naked bodies their hearths and homes, their

 

  

 
 
  

enter into. details, which might be injurious to the public interest =~ ss :
Prospects of | further disturbance and shedding of blood. You have
‘Aighanistan 1 ruined; you have India not advanced, but thrown back wa

      
   
Gladstone: “The blessed ends of prosperity and justice’ 329

are eT ae a ee a CA aA RC NE artnet ties pence ags

years, a system of oppression; and with all this you have had at home, in
matters which I will not now detail, the law broken, and the rights of
Parliament invaded. Gentlemen, amidst the whole of this pestilent
activity — for so I must call it — this distress and bloodshed which we
have either produced or largely shared in producing, not in one instance
down to the Treaty of Berlin, and down to the war in Afghanistan — not
in one instance did we either do a deed, or speak an effectual word, on
behalf of liberty. Such is the upshot, gentlemen, of the sad enumeration.
To call this policy Conservative is, in my opinion, a pute mockery, and —
an abuse of terms. Whatever it may be in its motive, it is in its result
disloyal, it is in its essence thoroughly subversive. There is no democrat,
there is no agitator, there is no propounder of anti-rent doctrines,
whatever mischief he may do, who can compare in mischief with
possessors of authority who thus invert, and who thus degrade, the
principles of free government in the British Empire. Gentlemen, I wish
to end as I began. Is this the way, or is this not the way, in which a free
nation, inhabiting these islands, wishes to be governed? Will the people,
be it now or be it months hence, ratify the deeds that have been done,
and assume upon themselves that tremendous responsibility? The whole
humble aim, gentlemen, of my proceedings has been to bring home, as
far as was in my power, this great question to the mind and to the
conscience of the community at large. If I cannot decide the issue — and

of course I have no power to decide it — I wish at least to endeavour to -
make it understood by those who can. And I cherish the hope that

When the hurly-burly’s done,
When the battle’s lost and won,

 

I may be able to beat home with me, at least, this consolation, that I
have spared no effort to mark the point at which the roads divide — the
one path which plunges into suffering, discredit, and dishonour, the
other which slowly, perhaps, but surely, leads a free and a high-minded

_ people towards the puss ends of ao and justice, of liberty and -
2 Pesce oi Sane | |

aa

% “Gladstone was returned to power four months later.

 
330 Gladstone: ‘The most inexcpressible calamity’

ee ey

WILLIAM GLADSTONE
26 April 1883

‘The most inexpressible calamity’

Charles Bradlaugh was an atheist and a reputed republican, causes that Gladstone
detested. As an atheist, Bradlaugh claimed the right to take the oath of allegiance
by affirming, since the words ‘So help me God’ had no meaning for him. His

claim was rejected and he was repeatedly expelled from the Commons, only to be
re-elected.

In April 1883, Gladstone: won round the A rebbishop of Canterbury and moved
a bill to enable unbelievers to affirm, as Ouakers and Jews were already entitled to
do. His speech on the second reading, with a section of the Liberal party in apne
— was one of his noblest eras

Mise Sie of this ire will recollect, perhaps, the noble and
re oe lines — for such they are — of the Latin ees = eo

  
  
 
 
   
    
      
    

Lae Omnis enim per se divom natura necesse est,

5 = SSS Immortali aevo summa cum pace fruatur;

= Sejuncta a nostris rebus, semotaque longe. 7 7
; Nam ptivata dolore omni, privata periclis, | = a = ~ =

___. Ipsa suis pollens opibus, nihilindiga nostri, =

Sa Nec bene promeritis capitur nec tangitur ira.

: inity exists’ — as. these, I must say, magnificent wads set ie 2
-femote, imaccessible recesses of which we know nothing; but with us it

=o no —s = us it has | no ‘elation. ‘Sir, I sate Sie —_— «

  

aie ate. ase various hie = ‘opinion “which — \
vet there be beyond the visible scene, whatever there b
short span of life, you know and can know nothing | of it, an

Si = and: a: eae Psst Be to -enden our to ¢

   
 
Gladstone: ‘The most inexpressible calamity — 331

 

mischief you do not attempt to touch. Nay, more; you glory in the state
of the law that now prevails. All differences of religion you wish to
tolerate. You wish to allow everybody to enter your Chamber who
admits the existence of Deity. You would seek to admit Voltaire. That is

a specimen of your toleration. But Voltaire was not a taciturn foe of
Christianity. He was the author of that painful and awful phrase that
goes to the heart of every Christian — and goes, I believe, to the heart of
many a man professing religion who is not a Christian — ecrasex [infame.
Voltaire was a believer in God; he would not have had the slightest
difficulty in taking the oath; and you are working up the country to
something like a crusade on this question; endeavouring to strengthen in
the minds of the people the false notion that you have got a real test, a
teal safeguard; that Christianity is still generally safe, with certain
unavoidable exceptions, under the protecting aegis of the oath within
the walls of this Chamber. And it is for that you are entering on a great
 feligious war! I hold, then, that this contention of our opponents is —
disparaging to religion; it is idle; and it is also highly irrational. ae
After all that has been said, and after the food of accusations and —
invective that has been poured out, I have thought it right at great
length and very seriously to show that, at all events, whether we be —
beaten or not, we do not decline the battle, and that we are not going to a
allow it to be said that the interests of religion are put in peril, and that 3
they are to find their defenders only on the opposite side of the House.
That sincere and conscientious defenders of those interests are to be
found there I do not question at this moment; but I do contend with my =
_ whole heart and soul that the interests of religion, as well as the interests
of civil liberty, are concerned in the passage of this measure. My reasons, _
Sir, for the passing of the bill may be summed up in a few words. If 1 _
were asked to put a construction on this Oath as it stands, I probably |

_ should give it a higher meaning than most gentlemen opposite. It is my
opinion, as far as | can presume to form one, that the Oath has in it a
very large flavour of Christianity. There are other forms of positive
attestation, recognized by other systems of religion, which may enable _
the oath to be taken by the removal of the words ‘So help me God’, and
the substitution of some other words, or some symbolical act, inv plein
the idea of Deity, and responsibility to the Deity. But I think we ought _
to estimate the real character of this oath according to the intention of

| the legislature. The oath does not consist of spoken words alone. The —
= spoken words are accompanied by the corroborative act of kissing the
ee net the meaning of that? According to the intention of the

 

 

 
332 Gladstone: ‘The most inexpressible calamity’

 

amy

legislature, I certainly should say that that act is an import of the
acceptance of the divine revelation. There have been other forms in
other countries. I believe in Scotland the form is still maintained of
holding up the right hand instead of kissing the Book. In Spain the form
is, I believe, that of kissing the Cross. In Italy, I think, at one time, the
form was that of laying the hand on the Gospel. All these different
forms meant, according to the original intention, an acceptance of
Christianity. But you do not yourselves venture to say that the law could
be applied in that sense. A law of this kind is like a coin spick-and-span
brand-new from the Mint carrying upon it its edges in all their sharpness
and freshness; but it wears down in passing from hand to hand, and,
_ though there is a residuum, yet the distinctive features disappear.

Whatever my opinion may be as to the original vitality of the oath, |
think there is very little difference of opinion as to what it has now
become. It has become, as my honourable friend says, a theistic test. It is
taken as no more than a theistic test. It does, as I think, involve a
reference to Christianity. But while this is my personal opinion, it is not
recognized by authority, and, at any rate, does not prevail in practice;

for some gentlemen in the other House of Parliament, if not in this also,
have written works against the Christian religion, and yet have taken the
oath. But, undoubtedly, it is not good for any of us to force this test so
_ flavoured, or even if not so flavoured, upon men who cannot take it
E- with a full and a cordial acceptance. It is bad — it is demoralizing to do — %
so. It is all very well to say — ‘Oh, yes; but it is their responsibility.’ That >
_ is not, in my view, a satisfactory answer.
A seat in this House is to the ordinary Englishman in early life, or,
_ perhaps, in middle and mature life, when he has reached a position of
_ distinction in his career, the highest prize of his ambition. But if you
p place between him and that prize not only the necessity of conforming
_ to certain civil conditions, but the adoption of certain religious words, —
- and if these words are not justly measured to the condition of his
_ conscience and of his convictions, you give him an inducement — nay, I _
do not go too far when I say you offer him a bribe to tamper with those
_ convictions — to do violence to his conscience in order that he may not
e be stigmatized by being shut out from what is held to be the noblest
_ privilege of the English citizen — that of representing his fellow-citi ens

Parliament. And, therefore, I say that, besides our duty to vindicate
Me principle of civil and religious liberty, which totally detaches religious _
nS ate from the enjoyment of civil rights, it is most important t

= House: should consider the moral effect of this test. It is

   
  
  
   
 
 

 
    
  
  
 
  
  

 
  
  
    
* ; Wee ee ee
E me 5 S

 

Gladstone: ‘The most inescpresstble calamity’ 225
i ee cc eng gt lees cee

theistic test. Viewed as a theistic test, it embraces no acknowledgement of
Providence, of divine government, of responsibility, or of retribution.
It involves nothing but a bare and abstract admission — a form void of
all practical meaning and concern. This is not a wholesome, but an
unwholesome lesson. Yet more. I own that although I am now, perhaps,
going to injure myself by bringing the name of Mr Bradlaugh into this
controversy, I am strongly of opinion that the present controversy
should come to a close. I have no fear of atheism in this House. Truth is
the expression of the divine mind; and however little our feeble vision
may be able to discern the means by which God will provide for its
preservation, we may leave the matter in his hands, and we may be quite
sure that a firm and courageous application of every principle of justice
and of equity is the best method we can adopt for the preservation and
influence of truth.

I must painfully record my opinion that grave injury has been done to-
religion in many minds — not in instructed minds, but in those which are
-ill-instructed or partially instructed, which have a large claim on our —
consideration — in consequence of steps which have, unhappily, been
taken. Great mischief has been done in many minds through the resist-
ance offered to the man elected by the constituency of Northampton,
which a portion of the community believe to be unjust. When they see
the profession of religion and the interests of religion ostensibly associ-
ated with what they are deeply convinced is injustice, they are led to
questions about religion itself, which they see to be associated with
_ injustice. Unbelief attracts a sympathy which it would not otherwise _
enjoy; and the upshot is to impair those convictions and that religious <4
faith, the loss of which I believe to be the most inexpressible Seer eget ee ‘
which can fall either upon a man or upon a nation.

 

 

|The bill » was a by sir votes. I nt 1888 Bradlangh pied. an _A ae Bill
through the Commons.

 
 

 

 

Ss . = = os
a — a ie Eo es _
od a aa le 4 - i a -
ae i pais = . re. ant * ¥
ni = = “

 
CHIEF SEATTLE
12 January 1855

‘On ae Red ar pratt |

An Indian burial ground at S eS in the state ze Washington contains the
&rave of Seattle, the great Indian chief. The inscription on the granite shaft 1 reads:
‘Seattle, chief of the Suquamish and Allied Tribes, died June 7, 1866, the firm
friend of the Whites, and for him the City of § cattle was named by ats founders.” |
As a boy . Seattle witnessed the arrival in Puget J ound of the British explorer
Vancouver in the Discovery. The friendliness of the explorers convinced him
that peace, not war, was the right path to follow. He converted to Christianity
and inaugurated morning and evening prayers among his people. At first whites _
shared his people's fish and venison, but relations with the Indians deteriorated
with the arrival of more and more settlers. S everal tribes tried to drive whites out
in 1854 SD ee ee ee ee = 4
So in January 1 855 Isaac eT 5 fevens, Washington 5 fi
-tendent of Indian affairs, called Seattle's bands together and told them of a treaty
which would 1 place them on reservations. Seattle was the first to sign. Seattle, more
than six feet tall, broad-shouldered, deep- -chested, replied to Stevens in a resounding —
voice which could be heard by all his people along the beach. (This is a translation
by Dr = A. Sm mith, who had. mastered the Salish ENA wibich is. SEE
> as accurate. SS | : | ==

  
 

ie ‘governor md S ‘uperin- 4

 

Youder SS “dat has wept tears ae compassion upon our fathers for
a centuries untold, and which to us looks eternal, _ may change. Today it is
fair, tomorrow it may be overcast with clouds. — a ee ee

: _ My words are like the stars that never set. What Seattle says he Great

~ Chief at “Washington can rely upon with as much Seneue as our
os -paleface brothers can tely upon the return of the SEQCONG. os ea
= = fheson of the White Chief says his father sends us greetings ve
= friendship and. good will. This is kind of him, for we know he has little” 2
__ need of our friendship in return because his people are many. ‘They are
: like the grass that covers the vast Pfairies, while my people a are ¢ few; as
aie sesemible the scattering trees of a storm-swept plain. __ 3
ce _ The Great — and I presume — good White Chief sends us yard wax he :

: wants to buy our lands but is willing to allow us to reserve enough -
live on spiiteiably. Tals indeed apps: eecerout, for the Red Man a0

 

    
338 Chief Seattle: ‘On the Red Man’ f tra’

a ee

 

 

Ae lp nen

 

longer has rights that he need respect, and the offer may be wise, also,
for we are no longer in need of a great country.

There was a time when our people covered the whole land as the
waves of a wind-ruffled sea covers its shell-paved floor, but that time
has long since passed away with the greatness of tribes now almost
forgotten. I will not dwell on nor mourn over our untimely decay, nor
reproach my paleface brothers with hastening it, for we, too, may have
been somewhat to blame.

Youth is impulsive. When our young men grow angry at some real or
imaginary wrong, and disfigure their faces with black paint, their hearts
also ate disfigured and turn black, and then they are often cruel and
relentless and know no bounds, and our old men are unable to restrain
them.

Thus it has ever been. Thus it was when the white man first began to
push our forefathers westward. But let us hope that the hostilities

_ between the Red Man and his paleface brother may never return. We
__ would have everything to lose and nothing to gain.
It is true that revenge by young braves is considered gain, even at the

cost of their own lives, but old men who stay at home in times of war,
and mothers who have sons to lose, know better.

Our good father at Washington — for I presume he is now our father
as well as yours, since King George has moved his boundaries farther
_ north — our great and good father, I say, sends us word that if we do as
he desires he will protect us. |
_ His brave warriors will be to us a bristling wall of strength, and his
great ships of war will fill our harbors so that our ancient enemies far to
_ the northward — the Sinsiams, Hydas and Tsimpsians — will no longer
: frighten our women and old men. Then will he be our father and we his
eof children. st
But can that ever be? Your God is not our God! Your God loves — =.
your people and hates mine! He folds His strong arms lovingly around —
the white man and leads him as a father leads his infant son — but He has
- forsaken His red children, if they are really His. Our God, the Great
| Spit seems, also, to have forsaken us. Your God makes yu pie
wax strong every day — soon they will fill all the land. oe
: _ My people are ebbing away like a fast-receding tide that will never
flow again. The white man’s God cannot love His red children or He

 

 
  
 
  

  
    
     
Chief Seattle: ‘Ox the Red Man’s trai[’ | Bae

 

God and renew our prosperity and awaken in us dreams of returning
greatness?

Your God seems to us to be partial. He came to the white man. We
never saw Him, never heard His voice. He gave the white man laws, but
had no word for His red children whose teeming millions once filled this
vast continent as the stars fill the firmament.

No. We ate two distinct races, and must ever remain so, with

separate origins and separate destinies. There is little in common between
us. |

To us the ashes of our eee are sacred and their Leal resting

place is hallowed ground, while you wander far from the graves of your
ancestors and, seemingly, without regret. |

Your religion was written on tablets Se stone oe the iron finger of an
angry God, lest you might forget i it. The Red Man. could never ee ee
hend nor remember it. | : | = 5

Our religion is the traditions a our ancestors = the dreams ak our old — ee
men, given to them in the solemn hours of night by the Great Spirit, ond
and the visions of our Sachems, and is written in the hearts of our
people. = = Sa 3

— Your dead cease to love you. and the land of their nativity as soon as

they pass the portals of the tomb — they wander far away beyond the
stars, are soon forgotten and never return.

Our dead never forget this beautiful world that gave them being.
They still love its winding rivers, its great mountains and its sequestered
vales, and they ever yearn in tenderest affection over the Jonely beets:
| sing, and often return to visit, guide and comfort them. =

Day and night cannot dwell together. The Red Man 3 ever fled the
approach of the white man, as the changing mist on the mountain side ea
- flees before the blazing sun. = ee Ee
However, your proposition seems a just one, and I think. tee aT.
z ae will accept it and will retire to the teservation you offer them.

Then we will dwell apart in peace, for the words of the Great White _
Chief seem to be the voice of Nature speaking to my people out of the
thick darkness, that is fast. gathenng around them like a dense fog

floating inward from a midnight SO ee so eS ee
It matters little where we pass the remnant of out dave. They are not.
many. The Indian’s night promises to be dark. No bright star hovers
_ above his horizon. ‘Sad-voiced winds moan in the distance. Some grim
= Fate of our race is on the Red Man’s trail, and wherever he goes he will
: eS still nee the s sure approaching footsteps of his fell destroyer and pee

 

   

 

 
340 Chief Seattle: ‘On the Red Man’s trail

 

to stolidly meet his doom, as does the wounded doe that hears the

approaching footsteps of the hunter.
A few more moons, a few more winters — and not one of all the

mighty hosts that once filled this broad land and that now roam in
fragmentary bands through these vast solitudes or lived in happy homes,
protected by the Great Spirit, will remain to weep over the graves of a
people once as powerful and as hopeful as your own!
But why should I repine? Why should I murmur at the fate of my
people? Tribes are made up of individuals and are no better than they.
~ Men come and go like the waves of the sea. A tear, a tamanamus, a dirge

and they ate gone from our longing eyes forever. It is the order of
Nature. Even the white man, whose God walked and talked with him as

friend to friend, is not exempt from the common destiny. We may be

‘brothers, after all. We will see. Roses:

We will ponder your proposition, and when we decide we will tell
you. But should we accept it, | here and now make this the first
condition — that we will not be denied the privilege, without molestation,
of visiting at will the graves of our ancestors, friends and children.
Every part of this country is sacred to my people. Every hillside,
| _ every valley, every plain and grove has been hallowed by some fond
memory or some sad experience of my tribe. Even the rocks, which
- seem to lie dumb as they swelter in the sun along the silent sea shore in

_ solemn grandeur, thrill with memories of past events connected with the |
__ lives of my people. — == | 2

3 The very dust under your feet responds more lovingly to our footsteps

__ than to yours, because it is the ashes of our ancestors, and our bare feet
_ are conscious of the sympathetic touch, for the soil is rich with the life
of our kindred. © = Ss aS ee
ca ‘The noble braves, fond mothers, glad, happy-hearted maidens, and

even the little children, who lived and rejoiced here for a brief season,
and whose very names are now forgotten, still love these sombre
: _ Solitudes and theit deep fastnesses which, at eventide, -gtow shadowy sa
__with the presence of dusky spirits. | a

  
        
   
 

3

__ his memory among the white men shall have become a myth, these

shores will swarm with the invisible dead of my tribe; and when yout =
children’s children shall think themselves alone in the fields, the store,

_ the shop, upon the highway, or in the silence of the pathless woods,

: at Sr De. alone. In all the earth there is no place dedicated to

 
Garrison: ‘Man above all institutions!’ 347

 

At night, when the streets of your cities and villages will be silent and
you think them deserted, they will throng with the returning hosts that
once filled and still love this beautiful land.

The white man will never be alone. Let him be just and deal kindly
with my people, for the dead are not powerless.

Dead — did I say? There is no death. Only a change of worlds!

WILLIAM LLOYD GARRISON
1854

“Man above all institutions!’

By 1854, it was twenty-three years since the brilliant journalist William Lloyd
Garrison (1805-79) had founded The Liberator, the abolitionist journal whose
sale was never more than 3,000 but which by its eloquence and courage kept the
slavery issue alive until the Thirteenth Amendment prohibiting slavery was passed
in 1865. As this speech demonstrates, he refused the slightest compromise with
slavery; indeed, he advocated Northern secession in 1843 because the compact
between North and South was ‘a covenant with death and an agreement with hell’.

I am a believer in that portion of the Declaration of American Independ-
ence in which it is set forth, as among self-evident truths, ‘that all men

are created equal; that they are endowed by their Creator with certain

inalienable rights; that among these are life, liberty, and the pursuit of
happiness’. Hence, I am an abolitionist. Hence, I cannot but regard
oppression in every form — and most of all, that which turns a man into

a thing — with indignation and abhorrence, Not to cherish these feelings
would be recreancy to principle. They who desire me to be dumb on the
subject of slavery, unless I will open my mouth in its defense, ask me to
give the lie to my professions, to degrade my manhood, and to stain my
soul. I will not be a liar, a poltroon, or a hypocrite, to accommodate any

_ patty, to gratify any sect, to escape any odium or peril, to save any
interest, to preserve any institution, or to promote any object. Convince _
me that one man may rightfully make another man his slave, and I will _
no longer subscribe to the Declaration of Independence. Convince me _
that liberty is not the inalienable birthright of every human being, of —
whatever complexion or clime, and I will give that instrument to the |
consuming fire. I do not know how to espouse freedom and slavery _

 
342 Garrison: ‘Man above all institutions!’

Se a a

together. I do not know how to worship God and Mammon at the same
_ time. If other men choose to go upon all fours, I choose to stand erect,

as God designed every man to stand. If, practically falsifying its eaten:
attested principles, this nation denounces me for refusing to imitate its
example, then, adhering all the more tenaciously to those principles, |
will not cease to rebuke it for its guilty inconsistency. Numerically, the
contest may be an unequal one, for the time being; but the author of
liberty and the source of justice, the adorable God, is more than
multitudinous, and he will defend the right. My crime is that I will not
go with the multitude to do evil. My singularity is that when I say that
freedom is of God and slavery is of the devil, I mean just what I say. My
fanaticism is that I insist on the American people abolishing slavery or
= seine to prate of the rights of man.
= The abolitionism which I piesa is as absolute as the law of God,
: and as unyielding as his throne. It admits of no compromise. Every slave
= is a stolen man; every slaveholder is a man stealer. By no precedent, no
: example, no. law, no compact, no purchase, no bequest, no inheritance,
= ‘no combination of circumstances, is slaveholding right or justifiable.
: 3 While a slave remains in his fetters, the land must have no rest.
Wh yatever sanctions his doom must be pronounced accursed. The law
that makes him a chattel is to be trampled underfoot; the compact that is
= formed at his expense, and cemented with his blood, is null and void;
_ the church that consents to his enslavement is horribly atheistical; the
- teligion that receives to its communion the enslaver is the embodiment
e-- of-all criminality. Such, at least, is the verdict of my own soul, on the
3 ‘supposition that Iam to be the slave: that my wife is to be sold from me
_ for the vilest ‘purposes; that my children are to be torn from my arms,
and disposed of to the highest bidder, like sheep in the market. And
who am I but a man? What right have I to be free, that another man
cannot prove himself to possess by nature? Who or what are my wife

and children, that they should not be herded with four-footed peat, BB
well as others thus sacredly related? . .

fi the slayes ate 20t-tchedt they do not possess boman instincts,

e - passions, faculties, and powers; if they are below accountability, and —
devoid of reason; if for them there is no hope of immortality, no God, —
no heaven, no hell; if, in. short, se are ‘what she eave? — = lares ©

 
 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 
  
  
 

  
 
    

   

“and purposes eee ae undeniably, ‘i am mad, al
Garrison: ‘Man above all institutions!’ ! 343

 

longer discriminate between a man and a beast. But, in that case, away _
with the horrible incongruity of giving them oral instruction, of teaching ©
them the catechism, of recognizing them as suitably qualified to be
members of Christian churches, of extending to them the ordinance of —
baptism, and admitting them to the communion table, and enumerating
many of them as belonging to the household of faith! Let them be no —
more included in our religious sympathies or denominational statistics
than are the dogs in our streets, the swine in our pens, or the utensils in
our dwellings. It is right to own, to buy, to sell, to inherit, to breed, and
to control them, in the most absolute sense. All constitutions and laws —
which forbid their possession ought to be so far modified or tepealeds as
to concede the right. | |
But, if they are men; if they are to run the same career of immottality_
with ourselves; if the same law of God is over them as over all others; if
they have souls to be saved or lost; if Jesus included them among those
for whom he laid down his life; if Christ is within many of them ‘the
hope of glory’; then, when I claim for them all that we claim for es
ourselves, because we are created in the image of God, I am guilty of no =
extravagance, but am bound, by every principle of honor, by all the
claims of human nature, by obedience to Almighty God, to ‘remember
them that are in bonds as bound with them’, and to demand their
immediate and unconditional emancipation . ae
These are solemn times. It is not a sgeaie for national salvation; for |
the nation, as such, seems doomed beyond recovery. The reason why the _
South rules, and the North falls prostrate in servile terror, is simply this:
with the South, the preservation of slavery is paramount to all other —
considerations — above party success, denominational unity, pecuniary
interest, legal integrity, and constitutional obligation. With the North,
the preservation of the Union is placed above all other things — above —
-honot, justice, freedom, integrity of soul, the Decalogue and the Golden |
Rule = the infinite God himself. All these she is ready to discard for the
Union. Her devotion to it is the latest and the most terrible form of

 

idolatry. She has given to the slave power a carte blanche, to be filled as

it may dictate ~ and if, at any time, she grows restive under the EE.
and shrinks back aghast at the new atrocity contemplated, it is ee

necessary for that power to crack the whip of disunion over her head, as —
it has done again and again, and she will cower and obey like a_

plantation slave — for has she not sworn that she will sacrifice everything
in heaven and on earth, rather than the Union? |
‘What then is to be done?

Friends of the slave, the question is” Fae

 
344 Lincoln: “The monstrous injustice of slavery’

eee

whether by our efforts we can abolish slavery, speedily or remotely —
for duty is ours, the result is with God; but whether we wil] gO with
the multitude to do evil, sell our birthright for a mess of pottage,
cease to cry aloud and spare not, and remain in Babylon when the
command of God is ‘Come out of her, my people, that ye be not
partakers of her sins, and that ye receive not of her plagues.’ Let ys
stand in our lot, ‘and having done all, to stand’. At least, a remnant
shall be saved. Living or dying, defeated or victorious, be it ours to
exclaim, ‘No compromise with slavery! Liberty for each, for all, for-

ever! Man above all institutions! The Sapreraeey of God over the
whole earth!’ | 7

ABRAHAM EINCOLN
Ss - SS 16 October 1854

   
  
  
  
    
    
   
  
  
 

ee The monstrous injustice g slavery’

= t ae fr, Abrahiiny Linen (1809-65 ) had not toed active in oikee for
: ‘several - years. Yet when the 1820 Missouri C. ompromise was repealed by Stephen
Douglas, Senator for Lincoln’s state of Illinois, and the Kansas-Nebraska Act
_ of 1854 was passed, opening Federal territories that were not yet states to slavery,
he was aroused as he had never been Dp. He re- entered me to work Pie: the

repeal of the legislation. = ce | |
He had been brooding deeply on the shaver i issue, eating the hte in the

p use of Representatives, poring over books in the state library and ee aes
“notes for use in speeches when he set out to run 1 for the state legislature.

— When Douglas returned to I llinois- to inspire his followers, Lincoln was
: ready for him. At the state fair in S ‘pringfield on 3 October, Douglas arraigne 2 te
his opponents. A she finished, Lincoln announced that he would reply next day.

iS Without coat or collar, in ill-fitting trousers, Lincoln began his written speech rs
‘halting! ly but his hesitancy soon disappeared. He was soon wet with sweat and bis
matted hair became tousled as he flung back his head. Time and time a again the ee

— es with a + ae. acd = ee hours with f new ) and unex pected =

 
    
    

  

ask shall tey to chow, ‘euav it j is s wrong; 10
) slave eee Kansas and Nebraska - ~ and \
be, as good as the average of people elsewhere. I do not say the —
__ contrary. What I do say is, that no man is good enough to govern

another man, without that other’ s consent. I say this is the leading principle —

_— the sheet anchor of American republicanism. Our Declaration of

z= “We hold these truths to be self evident: that all men are re equal; 2
that they are endowed by their Creator with certain inalienable rights;
that among these are life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness. That to.

Lincoln: ‘The monstrous injustice of slavery’ PES.

 

principle, allowing it to spread to every other part of the wide world,
where men can be found inclined to take it.

This declared indifference, but as I must think, covert rea/ zeal for the
spread of slavery, | cannot but hate. I hate it because of the monstrous
injustice of slavery itself. I hate it because it deprives our republican
example of its just influence in the world — enables the enemies of free
institutions, with plausibility, to taunt us as hypocrites — causes the real
friends of freedom to doubt our sincerity, and especially because it
forces so many really good men amongst ourselves into an open war
with the very fundamental principles of civil liberty — criticizing the
Declaration of Independence, and insisting that there is no right principle
of action but self-interest . . . =

The doctrine of self-government is right — absolutely and eternally
right — but it has no just application as here attempted. Or perhaps I
should rather say that whether it has such just application depends upon
whether a Negro is not or is a man. If he is not a man, why in that case he
‘who is a man may, as a matter of self-government, do just as he pleases
with him. But if the Negro zs a man, is it not to that extent a total —
destruction of self-government to say that he too shall not govern |

himself? When the white man governs himself that is self-government; =

but when he governs himself, and also governs another man, that is more —

_ than self-government — that is despotism. If the Negro is a man, why —
_ then my ancient faith teaches me that ‘all men ate created equal’; and

that there can be no moral right in connection with one man’s making a

slave of another. —

Judge Douglas frequently, with bitter irony aa Se sie a

our argument by saying “The white people of Nebraska are good 4
enough to govern themselves, but they are not good enough to governa _

few miserable Negroes!’

Well I doubt not that the people of Nebraska are, and will continue to _

 

 

Independence says:

 

Secure these rights, governments are instituted among men, deriving

as their just powers from the consent of the governed,’

 
346 Lincoln: ‘The monstrous injustice of slavery’

Te ee a ail ae sar ee

I have quoted so much at this time merely to show that according to
Our ancient faith the just powers of governments are derived from the
consent of the governed. Now the relation of masters and slaves j is, pro
tanto, a total violation of this principle. The master not only governs the
slave without his consent; but he governs him by a set of tules
altogether different from those which he prescribes for himself. Allow
all the governed an equal voice in the government, and that, and that
only, is self-government . . .

~. Some men, mostly Whigs, who condemn the repeal of the Missouri
Compromise, nevertheless hesitate to go for its restoration, lest they be
thrown in company with the abolitionist. Will they allow me as an old
Whig to tell them good humoredly that I think this is very silly? Stand
‘with anybody that stands right. Stand with him while he is right and part
with him when he goes wrong. Stand with the abolitionist in restoring
the Missouri Compromise; and stand against him when he attempts to
repeal the fugitive slave law. In the latter case you stand with the
southern disunionist. What of that? you are still right. In both cases you

_ ate right. In both cases you oppose the dangerous extremes. In both you

a stand on middle ground and hold the ship level and steady. In both you
ate national and nothing less than national. This is good old Whig

ee To desert such ground, because of any = is to be less
_ than a Whig — less than a man — less than an American .

Little by little, but steadily as man’s march to the grave, we have been

| declaring that all men are created equal; but now from that beginning ;
__ we have run down to the other declaration, that for some men to enslave

others is a ‘sacred right of self-government’. These principles cannot

stand together. They ate as opposite as God and Mammon; and whoever — :
holds to the one must despise the other .

Fellow countrymen — Americans South: as well as North, shall we |
} make no effort to arrest this? Already the Liberal party throughout the.
___wortld express the apprehension ‘that the one retrograde institution in
_ America is undermining the principles of progress, and fatally violati rin
the noblest political system the world ever saw’. This is not the taunt 0
o enemies, but the warning of friends. Is it quite safe to disrega
— - despise it? Is there no danger to liberty itself in discarding arlic

: practice and first precept of our ancient faith? In our greedy chase
oe make profit of the Negro, let us beware, lest \ we ‘cancel and ‘te
ages even the white man’s charter of freedom. oF
wees Our republicast tobe i is soiled, and trailed 4 in the c dust

    
  
  
   
 
    

 

 

 
Lincoln: ‘A house divided against itself cannot stand’ «347
a re

it. Let us turn and wash it white, in the spirit if not the blood of the —
Revolution. Let us turn slavery from its claims of ‘moral right’, back
upon its existing legal rights, and its arguments of ‘necessity’. Let us
return it to the position our fathers gave it; and there let it rest in peace.
Let us readopt the Declaration of Independence, and with it the practices
and policy which harmonize with it. Let North and South — let all
Americans — let all lovers of liberty everywhere — join in the great and
good work. If we do this, we shall not only have saved the Union; but
we shall have so saved it as.to make, and to keep it, forever worthy of
the saving. We shall have so saved it that the succeeding millions of free

happy people, the world over, shall rise up and call us blessed, to the
latest generations...

With this speech, Lincoln began the rise which was to lead him to the presidency.
Within two years he was leader of the Republican Party in Ulinots.

@
ABRAHAM LINCOLN 2
16 June 1858

‘A house divided against itself cannot stand’

During the early summer of 1858, ninety-five Republican county conventions
nominated Lincoln as their choice as Republican senator to fight Stephen Douglas

— and his nomination was assured when the state convention met at Springfield on
16 June and he was unanimously adopted. | bia OP

Lincoln had prepared bis acceptance speech carefully, writing it on scraps of —

paper deposited in his hat. When he showed it to a few friends the day before, all
but his legal partner Willian Hernden were astonished and horrified. Lincoln's
mind was made up. ‘Friends,’ he said, ‘this thing bas been retarded long enough. —
The time has come when these sentiments should be uttered; and if it is decreed that —
I should go down because of this speech, then let me go down linked to the truth ~
let me die in the advocacy of what is just and right’? = <a 3 s
Most of the speech was a detailed study of the bistory of legal judgements on
slavery. The famous opening and some of the peroration follow. — eee

If we could first know where we ate, and whither we are tending, we
_ could better judge what to do, and how to do it. We are now far into. x
__ the fifth year since a policy was initiated with the avowed object and

 
348 Lincoln: “A howse divided against itself cannot stand’
ge a ee rere i rg

confident promise of putting an end to slavery agitation. Under the
operation of that policy, that agitation has not only not ceased, but has
constantly augmented. In my opinion, it will not cease until a crisis shal]
have been reached and passed. ‘A house divided against itself cannot
stand.’ I believe this government cannot endure permanently half slaye
and half free. I do not expect the Union to be dissolved — I do not
expect the house to fall — but I do expect it will cease to be divided. It
will become all one thing or all the other. Either the opponents of
slavery will arrest the further spread of it, and place it where the public
mind shall rest in the belief that it is in the course of ultimate extinction;
or its advocates will push it forward till it shall become alike lawful in all

__ the states, old as well as new — North as well as South.

__ Have we no tendency to the latter condition?

Let anyone who doubts carefully contemplate that now almost
Ss complete legal combination — piece of machinery, so as to speak —
_ compounded of the Nebraska doctrine and the Dred Scott decision. Let

him consider not only what work the machinery is adapted to do, and
how well adapted, but also let him study the history of its construction,
and trace, if he can, or rather fail, if he can, to trace the evidence of
_ design and concert of action among its chief architects, from the
| beginning. | ea

_ The new year of 1854 found slavery excluded from more than half the
. states by state Constitutions, and from most of the national territory by
_ Congressional prohibition. Four days later commenced the struggle
which ended in repealing that Congressional prohibition. This opened
all the national territory to slavery, and was the first point gained. _

_ But, so far, Congress only had acted, and an endorsement by the
people, real or apparent, was indispensable to save the point already

 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   
     
     
 
   
 

gained and give chance for more. _

_ This necessity had not been overlooked, but had been onal ded RG
well as might be, in the notable argument of ‘Squatter Sovereignty’,
otherwise called ‘sacred right of self-government’, which latter phrase,
_ though expressive of the only rightful basis of any possetinarert:aeaie ea
perverted in this attempted use of it as to amount to. just this: that if any
object. That argument was incorporated into the Nebraska Bill itself,

 
 
     
    
  
 

    

 
 

_ It being the true intent and meaning of this ) ott not to legislate

 
 
  

Slavery into any territory or state, nor to exclude it therefrom.

  
Lincoln: (A house divided against itself cannot stand’ gee

to leave the people thereof perfectly free to form and regulate their
domestic institutions in their own way, subject only to the Constitu-

tion of the United States.

Then opened the roar of loose declamation in favor of ‘Squatter
Sovereignty’, and ‘sacred right of self-government’. ‘But,’ said opposition
members, ‘let us amend the bill so as to expressly declare that the people

of the territory may exclude slavery.’ ‘Not we,’ said the friends of the
measure; and down they voted the amendment. |
While the Nebraska Bill was passing through Congress, a law case
involving the question of a Negro’s freedom, by reason of his owner
having voluntarily taken him first into a free state and then into a_
territory covered by the Congressional prohibition, and held him as a
slave for a long time in each, was passing through the United States
Circuit Court for the District of Missouri; and both Nebraska Bill and
lawsuit were brought to a decision in the same month of May, 1854. The
_ Negro’s name was ‘Dred Scott’, which name now designates the decision _
finally made in the case... | ae Se.
The several points of the Dred Scott decision, in connection with —
Senator Douglas’s ‘care-not’ policy, constitute the piece of machinery, in
its present state of advancement. This was the third point gained. The
working points of that machinery are: — ee
_ First, that no Negro slave, imported as such from Africa, and no
descendant of such slave, can ever be a citizen of any state, in the sense
of that term as used in the Constitution of the United States. This point
is made in order to deprive the Negro, in every possible event, of the
benefit of that provision of the United States Constitution which declares |
that: “The citizens of each state shall be entitled to all privileges and :
immunities of citizens in the several states.’ act ee! me
_ Second, that ‘subject to the Constitution of the United States’, neither
‘Congress nor a territorial legislature can exclude slavery from any
United States territory. This point is made in order that individual men
may fill up the territories with slaves, without danger of losing them as
property, and thus to enhance the chances of permanency to the institu- :
tion through all the future. — er ake se oe
_ Third, that whether the holding a Negto in actual slavery in a free
State makes him free, as against the holder, the United States courts will _
_ fot decide, but will leave to be decided by the courts of any slave state —
the Negro may be forced into by the master. This point is made, not to _
a pressed immediately; but, if acquiesced in fot a while, and apparently _

 

 

    
   
   
 

fee 3

 
350 Lincoln: “A house divided against itself cannot stand’
a peep ee

endorsed by the people at an election, then to sustain the logical
conclusion that what Dred Scott’s master might lawfully do with Dred
Scott, in the free state of Illinois, every other master may lawfully do
with any other one, or one thousand slaves, in Illinois or in any other
free state.

Auxiliary to all this, and working hand in hand with it, the Nebraska
doctrine, or what is left of it, is to educate and mold public opinion, at
least Northern public opinion, not to care whether slavery is voted
down or voted up. This shows exactly where we now are; and partially,

also, whither we are tending .
By the Nebraska Bill, the people of a state, as well as a territory, were
to be left ‘perfectly free’, ‘subject only to the Constitution’. Why
mention a state? They were legislating for territories, and not for of
_ about states. Certainly the people of a state are and ought to be subject
to the Constitution of the United States; but why is mention of this
__ lugged into this merely territorial law? Why are the people of a territory
-and the people of a state therein lumped together, and their relation to
_ the Constitution therein treated as being precisely the same? While the
= opinion of the court, by Chief Justice Taney, in the Dred Scott case, and
| the separate opinions of all the concurring judges, expressly declare that
| the Constitution of the United States neither permits Congress nor a
; territorial legislature to exclude slavery from any United States territory, —
. they all omit to declare whether or not the same Constitution permits a
State, or the people of a state, to exclude it. Possibly this is a mere
- omission; but who can be quite sure, if McLean or Curtis eee
Court Justices] had sought to get into the opinion a declaration of |
unlimited power in the people of a state to exclude slavery from their
3 limits, just as Chase and Mace [Supreme Court justices] sought to get
_ such declaration, in behalf of the people of a territory, into the Nebraska __
Bill — I ask, who can be quite sure that it would not have been voted
down in the one case as it had been in the other? The nearest approach ae
to the point of declaring the power of a state over slavery is made by
Judge Nelson. He approaches it more than once, using the precise idea,
_ and almost the language, too, of the Nebraska Act. On one occasion, his —
zs exact language is, ‘except in cases where the power is restrained by the
_ Constitution of the United States, the law of the state is supreme over ;
the subject of slavery within its jurisdiction’. In what cases the ead of |
_ the states is so restrained by the United States Constitution il deft an.
E open question, precisely as the same question, as to the res rair
_ power of the territories, was left open in the pispeasiee Act. 1

  
   
 
    
  
  
   
     
   

 

   
 

  
  

  
Lincoln: “A house divided against itself cannot stand’ 351

 

that together, and we have another nice little niche, which we may ere
long see filled with another Supreme Court decision, declaring that the
Constitution of the United States does not permit a state to exclude
slavery from its limits. And this may especially be expected if the
doctrine of ‘care not whether slavery be voted down or voted up’ shall

gain upon the public mind sufficiently to give promise that such a
decision can be maintained when made. © ges
Such a decision is all that slavery now lacks of being alike lawful in
all the states. Welcome or unwelcome, such decision is probably coming,
and will soon be upon us, unless the power of the present political
dynasty shall be met and overthrown. We shall lie down pleasantly
dreaming that the people of Missouri are on the verge of making their —
state free, and we shall awake to the reality instead that the Supreme
Court has made Illinois a slave state. To meet and overthrow the
power of that dynasty is the work now before all those who would
prevent that consummation. This is what we have to do. How can we
best do it? Se ee
There are those who denounce us openly to their own friends, and yet _

whisper us softly, that Senator Douglas is the aptest instrument there is —
with which to effect that object. They wish us to infer all from the fact _
that he now has a little quarrel with the present head of the dynasty; and
that he has regularly voted with us ona single point, upon which he and
we have never differed. They remind us that he is a great man, and that
the largest of us are very small ones. Let this be granted. But ‘a living
dog is better than a dead lion’. Judge Douglas, if not a dead lion, for
this work, is at least a caged and toothless one. How can he oppose the  _
advances of slavery? He does not care anything about it. His avowed
mission is impressing the “public heart’ to care nothing about it A> =
leading Douglas Democratic newspaper thinks Douglas’s superior talent _
will be needed to resist the revival of the African slave trade. Does _
Douglas believe an effort to revive that trade is approaching? He has not _
said so. Does he really think so? But if it is, how can he resist it? For _
years he has labored to prove it a sacred right of white men to take _

Negro slaves into the new territories. Can he possibly show that it is less _
a sacred right to buy them where they can be bought cheapest? And _
unquestionably they can be bought cheaper in Africa than in Virginia.
He has done all in his power to reduce the whole question of slavery to
oa of a mete right of property; and, as such, how can he oppose the — ;

: foreign slave trade — how can he refuse that trade in that ‘property’ shal
ae Be. ‘perfectly free’ — unless he does it as a protection to the hon

 

 

 
 

 

 

 
g32 Lincoln: ‘I have labored Jor and not against the Union’

Se eS a ee eee ee

production? And as the home producers will probably not ask the
protection, he will be wholly without a ground of opposition.

Senator Douglas holds, we know, that a man may rightfully be wiser
today than he was yesterday — that he may rightfully change when he
finds himself wrong. But can we, for that reason, run ahead and infer
that he will make any particular change, of which he, himself, has given
no intimation? Can we safely base our action upon any such vague
inference? Now, as ever, I wish not to misrepresent Judge Douglas’s

_ ciple so that our cause may have assistance from his great ability, I hope
to have interposed no adventitious obstacle. But clearly, he is not now
with us — he does not pretend to be — he does not promise ever to be.
Our cause, then, must be entrusted to, and conducted by, its own
Seaeuied friends — those whose hands arte free, whose hearts ate in the
___ work — who do care for the result. Two years ago the Republicans of the
sa SS don mustered over thirteen hundred thousand strong. We did this
under the single impulse of resistance to a common danger, with every
external circumstance against us. Of strange, discordant, and even hostile
_ elements, we gathered from the four winds, and formed and fought the
battle through, under the constant hot fire of a disciplined, proud, and
7 "pampered enemy. Did we brave all them to falter now? — now, when
- that same enemy is wavering, dissevered, and belligerent? The result is”
not doubtful. We shall not fail — if we stand firm, we shall not fail. Wise

~ counsels may accelerate, of mistakes delay it, but, : sooner or later, the -
r victory is sure to come. es | —

  
   
   
  

ABRAHAM LINCOLN
30 October a

 

—'T have labored ap and not against the Union’

Lincoln made more than sixty speeches during the campaign, including seven in

head-to-head debates with Douglas. At S pringfield, on = ear he Sou ved bis a 3 4
_ senatorial campaign in his final address. :

s =e ees —e sores the Ciscupsions of this « canvass. . The planing riod

 

 
 

 

Lincoln: ‘T have labored for and not against the Union’ 353

 

I stand here surrounded by friends — some political, all personal,

friends, I trust. May I be indulged, in this closing scene, to say a few

words of myself. I have borne a laborious and, in some respects to myself,
a painful part in the contest. Through all, I have neither assailed nor
wrestled with any part of the Constitution. The legal right of the
Southern people to reclaim their fugitives I have constantly admitted.
The legal right of Congress to interfere with their institution in the states,
I have constantly denied. In resisting the spread of slavery to new
territory, and with that, what appears to me to be a tendency to subvert
the first principle of free government itself, my whole effort has consisted.
_ To the best of my judgement I have labored for and not against the Union.

As I have not felt, so I have not expressed any harsh sentiment toward
our Southern brethren. I have constantly declared, as I really believed, the
only difference between them and us is the difference of circumstances. _

I have meant to assail the motives of no party or individual; and if I
_ have, in any instance (of which I am not conscious), departed from my
purpose, I regret it. =

I have said that in some respects the contest has been painful to me.
- Myself, and those with whom I act, have been constantly accused of a
putpose to destroy the Union; and bespattered with every imaginable
odious epithet; and some who were friends, as it were but yesterday,
have made themselves most active in this. I have cultivated patience, and
made no attempt at a retort.

_ Ambition has been ascribed to me. God knows how sincerely I prayed
from the first that this field of ambition might not be opened. I claim no
insensibility to political honors; but today could the Missouri restriction
be restored, and the whole slavery question replaced on the old ground
of ‘toleration’ by necessity where it exists, with unyielding hostility to the

? sptead of it, on principle, I would, in consideration, gladly agree that

| Judge Douglas should never be out, and I never in, an office, so long as
we ‘both or either live. |

ms Dalles =e } ies ln +5 54. oe to 46: but the debates attracted national

 

_ attention, turned Lincoln into a national figure and put the presidency within his

reach. Lincoln said of his defeat: saute the boy that stumped his toe — it burt too

bad to laugh and he was too big to cry,’

He had his vindication two years later when he won the Republican nomination
Ser the Tee and triumphed over his Democrat rival.

 

an

 
BORNE WV RR ISO EO UV) TEEELLEGTES

a

JOHN BROWN
2 November 1859

“The blood of mullions’

When murder stalked the plains of Kansas in 1856, the chief troublemaker was
the abolitionist fanatic John Brown (1800-1859). With five of his sons, Brown
murdered five unarmed men in cold blood to avenge an attack on slaves in
Lawrence — and then had to fight for his life against a mob seeking yet another
instalment of revenge as a reign of terror led to the burning of crops, the stealing
of horses and men cut down by ambush.
= Three years later, with some eighteen followers, Brown seized the Federal
ae = arsenal at Harpers Ferry, Virginia, killing several citizens, including a free
Negro, with the aim of instigating a slave revolt. They held off Virginia

= a eiionn and a detachment of US marines under Colonel Robert E. Lee until
— but two were dead or wounded. :

At bis trial Brown was found guilty of ireason, | inspiring a slave rebellion, and
Ss free murder. Two aD: later he spoke five the gs =

   
   
   
  
  
  
  
  

Ftave may it a, the court, a few words to say. In de first shee I
deny everything but what I have all along admitted — the design on my
part to free the slaves. I intended certainly to have made a clean thing
of that matter, as I did last winter when I went into Missouri and there

took slaves without the snapping of a gun on either side, moved them
_ through the country, and finally left them in Canada. I designed to have
3 done the same thing again on a larger scale. That was all I intended. po

I have another objection; and that j 1s, it is $ unjust that x should suffer _
Sach: a penalty. Had I interfered in the manner which I admit, and which _

LT admit has been fairly proved (for I admire the truthfulness and ‘candor —

= the greater portion of the witnesses who have testified in this =~ ~
= had I so interfered in behalf of the tich, the powerful, the intelligent, the —
= so-called great, or in behalf of any of their friends - — either fathe =a
‘mother, brother, sister, wife, or children, ot any of that class. ei and :
suffered, and sacrificed what I have in this interference, it woul
been all right; and every man in this court ‘would: have « deemed it
worthy of reward rather than PURE

   
   
   
     

  

  

  
 
Brown: ‘The blood of millions’ B55

 

This court acknowledges, as I suppose, the validity of the law of God.

I see a book kissed here which I suppose to be the Bible, or at least the
New Testament. That teaches me that all things whatsoever I would that
men should do to me I should do even so to them. It teaches me,
further, to ‘remember them that are in bonds as bound with them’. I
endeavored to act up to that instruction. I say I am yet too young to
understand that God is any respecter of persons. I believe that to have
interfered as I have done — as I have always freely admitted I have done
~ in behalf of His despised poor was not wrong, but right. Now, if it is
deemed necessary that I should forfeit my life for the furtherance of the
ends of justice, and mingle my blood further with the blood of my
children and with the blood of millions in this slave country whose
rights are disregarded by wicked, cruel, and unjust enactments — I
submit; so let it be done!

Let me say one word further.

I feel entirely satisfied with the treatment I have fecetved on my trial.
Considering all the circumstances, it has been more generous than | —
expected. But I feel no consciousness of guilt. I have stated from the
first what was my intention and what was not. I never had any design =
against the life of any person, nor any disposition to commit treason, —
or excite slaves to rebel, or make any general insurrection. I never
encouraged any man to do so, but always discouraged any idea of that
kind.

Let me say also a word in regard to the statements made by some of
those connected with me. I hear it has been stated by some of them that
I have induced them to join me. But the contrary is true. I do not say
this to injure them, but as regretting their weakness. There is not one of
them but joined me of his own accord, and the greater part of them at
their own expense. A number of them I never saw, and never had a
word of conversation with, till the day they came to me; and that was
for the purpose I have stated.

Now ! have done.

John Brown’s cae began the chain of events that led to Fibeliee and war. Wendell ie :
Phillips thought that emancipation began at Harpers Ferry. A fter his execution

Brown was immortalized in song, to the tune of the ‘Battle Hymn of the

Republic’, sung by Union soldiers in the war: ‘John Brown's body lies a-
molders ing in the ‘brave, but his soul goes marching on.’ | age a

 
356 Lincoln: “Let us have faith that right makes might’
EN .

ABRAHAM LINCOLN
27 February 1860

‘Let us have faith that right makes might’

Lincoln was already tipped as the Republican presidential candidate and starting
to atixact powerful support in the East when he was invited to lecture in New
York. His sponsor was the Young Men’s Central Republican Union, whose
leaders wanted to thwart William Seward’s bid for the presidency.

Though there was a snowstorm that night there was an audience of 1,500, the
cream of New York's intellectual and cultural life, with Horace Greeley, editor
of the New York Tribune, on the platform. Lincoln was escorted to the

_ platform by another editor, William Callard Bryant of the New York Evening
ae ,

_ Any fear on the part of Lincoln, uncomfortably conscious of his new broadcloth

suit, that his Western mannerisms and rural accent would amuse sophisticated

= _ Easterners was quickly dispelled by the warmth of his reception. As he addressed

| to fellow Republicans this stirring peroration on how they should treat the

_ Southerners, the audience rose to its feet; shouting, waving hats and handkerchiefs,
' in a sustained ovation.

E The speech was published in full next day in four N. ew York POE) and the

; petiees Tribune ee it asa Cae

 
  
 
 
   
    
 
  
  
  
  

cee wceds now to Republicans. It is exceedingly desirable that all
_ parts of this great Confederacy shall be at peace, and in harmony, one
_ with another. Let us Republicans do our part to have it so. Even though
E much provoked, let us do nothing through passion and ill temper. Even
_ though the Southern people will not so much as listen to us, let us
calmly consider their demands, and yield to them, if, in our deliberate
view of out duty, we possibly can. Judging by all they say and do, and —
_ by the subject and nature of their CORRE with us, let us determine,
- _if we can, what will satisfy them. |

= _ Will they be satisfied if the territories be unconditionally suena -
i “to them? We know they will not. In all their present complaints against |
us, the territories are scarcely mentioned. Invasions and insurrections are

he tage now. Will it satisfy them, if, in the future, we have nothing to
with i invasions and insurrections? We know it will not. We so kn

s

   
_ and swept away. If it is right, we cannot

Lincoln: ‘Let as have faith that right makes might Fee
08 2 ee eee

insurrections; and yet this total abstaining does not exempt us from the
charge and the denunciation.

The question recurs, what will satisfy them? Simply this: We must not
only let them alone, but we must, somehow, convince them that we do
let them alone. This, we know by experience, is no easy task, We have
been so trying to convince them from the very beginning of our organi-
zation, but with no success. In all our platforms and speeches we have
constantly protested our purpose to let them alone; but this has had no ten-
dency to convince them. Alike unavailing to convince them, is the fact
that they have never detected a man of us in any attempt to disturb them.

These natural, and apparently adequate means all failing, what will
convince them? This, and this only: cease to call slavery wrong, and join
them in calling it right. And this must be done thoroughly — done in ae#s
as well as in words. Silence will not be tolerated — we must place —
ourselves avowedly with them. Senator Douglas’s new sedition law
must be enacted and enforced, suppressing all declarations that slavery is _
wrong, whether made in politics, in presses, in pulpits, or in private. We
must arrest and return their fugitive slaves with greedy pleasure. We
must pull down our free state Constitutions. The whole atmosphere _
must be disinfected from all taint of opposition to slavery, before they —
will cease to believe that all their troubles proceed from us.

I am quite aware they do not state their case precisely in this way. Most _
of them would probably say to us: ‘Let us alone, do nothing to us, and say
what you please about slavery.’ But we do let them alone — have never
disturbed them — so that, after all, it is what we say, which dissatisfies
them. They will continue to accuse us of doing, until we cease saying.

I am also aware they have not, as yet, in terms, demanded the overthrow
_of our free-state Constitutions. Yet those constitutions declare the wrong
of slavery, with more solemn emphasis, than do all other sayings against it;
and when all these other sayings shall have been silenced, the overthrow of
these constitutions will be demanded, and nothing be left to resist the
demand. It is nothing to the contrary, that they do not demand the whole of _
this just now. Demanding what they do, and for the reason they do, they —
can voluntarily stop nowhere short of this consummation. Holding, asthey
do, that slavery is morally right, and socially elevating, they cannot cease to _

demand a full recognition of it, as a legal right, and a social blessing, =
aS Nor can we justifiably withhold this, on any ground save our convic.

 

pAeplie. “ convic-
tion that slavery is wrong. If slavery is right, all words, acts, laws, and
constitutions against it, are themselves wrong, and should be silenced _

justly object to its nationality —

 
358 Davis: “A final adiew’

its universality; if it is wrong, they cannot justly insist upon its Cxtension
— its enlargement. All they ask, we could readily grant, if we thought
slavery tight; all we ask, they could as readily grant, if they thought it
wrong. Their thinking it right, and our thinking it wrong, is the precise
facts upon which depends the whole controversy. Thinking it right, a¢
they do, they are not to blame for desiring its full recognition, as being
right; but, thinking it wrong, as we do, can we yield to them? Can we
cast our votes with their view, and against our own? In view of our
moral, social, and political responsibilities, can we do this?

Wrong as we think slavery is, we can yet afford to let it alone whete it is,
because that much is due to the necessity arising from its actual presence in
the nation; but can we, while our votes will prevent it, allow it to spread
into the national territories, and to overrun us here in these free states? If
our sense of duty forbids this, then let us stand by our duty, fearlessly and

effectively. Let us be diverted by none of those sophistical contrivances
se _ wherewith we are so industriously plied and belabored — contrivances such
=a gtoping for some middle ground between the right and the wrong, vain
___ as the search for a man who should be neither a living man nor a dead man
= Ss =such as a policy of ‘don’t care’ on a question about which all true men do
cate — such as Union appeals beseeching true Union men to yield to
= Disunionists, reversing the divine rule, and calling, not the sinners, but the
= tighteous to repentance — such as invocations to Washington, imploring
—— to unsay what Washington said, and undo what Washington did.
- _ Neither let us be slandered from our duty by false accusations against —
E — nor frightened from it by menaces of destruction to the government
_ nor of dungeons to ourselves. Let us have faith that right makes might, |
and in that faith, let us, to the end, date to do our Pane as we understand i it

  
  
   
   
   
  
 

as _ JEFFERSON | DAVIS.
| aad ae 1361

a final adiew!

ace debe Lincoln was elected pranidens £ juthern states prepared to heave
= the Union. On 21 January 1861, senators from Florida, Alabama ana then
cece announced to the Senate that ees were eauing: — Carolina
a sent their resignation by letter), eee

= eee Se enator for Mississippi was Se Davis nf s08-89), a war rere ane

  
Davis: ‘A final adiew’ Jae

former Secretary of War who had succeeded John C. Calhoun as leader of the
extreme right State Rights party and a supporter of slavery. Davis, who became
president of the Confederacy — the C onfederated States of America — made his fare-
well to the Union in simple, dignified style, speaking more in sorrow than in anger.

I rise, Mr President, for the purpose of announcing to the Senate that I
have satisfactory evidence that the state of Mississippi, by a solemn
ordinance of her people in convention assembled, has declared her
separation from the United States. Under these circumstances, of course,
my functions are terminated here. It has seemed to me proper, however,
that I should appear in the Senate to announce that fact to my associates,

and I will say but very little more. The occasion does not invite me to
go into argument, and my physical condition would not permit me to do

so if it were otherwise; and yet it seems to become me to say something
on the part of the state I here represent, on an occasion so solemn as this.

It is known to senators who have served with me here that I have for —
many years advocated, as an essential attribute of state sovereignty, the
right of a state to secede from the Union. Therefore, if I had not
believed there was justifiable cause; if I had thought that Mississippi was
acting without sufficient provocation, or without an existing necessity, I
should still, under my theory of the government, because of my allegiance
to the state of which I am a citizen, have been bound by her action. I,
however, may be permitted to say that I do think that she has justifiable

cause, and I approve of her act. I conferred with her people before that

act was taken, counseled them then that, if the state of things which they
apprehended should exist when the convention met, they should take
the action which they have now adopted. << 3

I hope none who hear me will confound this expression of mine with
the advocacy of the right of a state to remain in the Union, and to
disregard its constitutional obligations by the nullification of the law.
Such is not my theory. Nullification and secession, so often confounded,

- are indeed antagonistic principles. Nullification is a temedy which it is
— sought to apply within the Union, and against the agent of the states. It
_ is only to be justified when the agent has violated his constitutional
= obligation, and a state, assuming to judge for itself, denies the tight of

the agent thus to act, and appeals to the other states of the Union fora

rr: =

oe 2 onstitutional rights, then, and then for the first time, arises the doctrine
___ OF secession in its practical application. 2: Fog a Eee

oa bee a : x “ i
on = 4: = Rs cae eee

 
360 _ Davis: ‘A final adien’
RR

A great man who now reposes with his fathers, and who has been
often arraigned for a want of fealty to the Union, advocated the doctrine
of nullification, because it preserved the Union. It was because of his
deep-seated attachment to the Union, his determination to find some
remedy for existing ills short of a severance of the ties which bound
South Carolina to the other states, that Mr Calhoun advocated the doe-
trine of nullification, which he proclaimed to be peaceful, to be within the
limits of state power, not to disturb the Union, but only to be a means of
bringing the agent before the tribunal of the states for their judgement.

_ Secession belongs to a different class of remedies. It is to be justified

eee the basis that the states are sovereign. There was a time when none

‘denied it. I hope the time may come again, when a better comprehension

_ of the theory of our government, and the inalienable rights of the people

of the states, will prevent any one from denying that each state is a

= 2a and thus may reclaim the grants which it has made to any
| set whomsoever.

- I therefore say I concur in the action of the people of Mississippi,
: : Scievine it to be necessary and proper, and should have been bound
ee their action if my belief had been otherwise; and this brings me to —

_the important point which I wish on this last occasion to present to the
- Senate It is by this confounding of nullification and secession that the
name of the great man whose ashes now mingle with his mother earth
. "has been invoked to justify coercion against a seceded state. The i

_ ‘to execute the laws’ was an expression which General Jackson applied —
E to the case of a state refusing to obey the laws while yet a member of the
3 : Union. That is not the case which is now presented. The laws are to be

executed over the United States, and upon the people of the United

States. They have no relation to any foreign country. It is a perversion

of terms, at least it is a great misapprehension of the case, which cites

: that expression for application to a state which has withdrawn from the

_ Union. You may make war on a foreign state. If it be the purpose ae

“ gentlemen, they may make war against a state which has- withdrawn |

: from the Union; but there are no laws of the United States to be.

executed within the limits of a seceded state. A state finding herself in
fs e condition i in which aes sas sae she i is, in which: her s ” Oss

 

     

bl
Davis: “A final adien’ 361

. ee tna a engage wn

 

taking upon herself every burden, she claims to be exempt from any
power to execute the laws of the United States within her limits. |

I well remember an occasion when Massachusetts was arraigned
before the bar of the Senate, and when then the doctrine of coercion was

rife and to be applied against her because of the rescue of a fugitive slave
in Boston. My opinion then was the same that it is now. Not in a spirit
of egotism, but to show that I am not influenced in my opinion because
the case is my own, I refer to that time and that occasion as containing
the opinion which I then entertained, and on which my present conduct
is based. I then said, if Massachusetts, following her through a stated
line of conduct, chooses to take the last step which separates her from
the Union, it is her right to go, and I will neither vote one dollar nor
one man to coerce her back, but will say to her, Godspeed, in memory
of the kind associations which once existed between her and the other
states.

It has been a conviction of pressing necessity, it has been a belief that
we are to be deprived in the Union of the rights which our fathers
bequeathed to us, which has brought Mississippi into her present
decision. She has heard proclaimed the theory that all men are created —
free and equal, and this made the basis of an attack upon her social —
institutions; and the sacred Declaration of Independence has been in- —

_voked to maintain the position of the equality of the races. That
Declaration of Independence is to be construed by the circumstances and
purposes for which it was made. The communities were declaring their
independence; the people of those communities were asserting that no
man was born — to use the language of Mr Jefferson — booted and
spurred to ride over the rest of mankind; that men were created equal —
meaning the men of the political community; that there was no divine
right to rule; that no man inherited the right to govern; that there were
no classes by which power and place descended to families, but that all
stations were equally within the grasp of each member of the body

politic. These were the great principles they announced; these were the

_ purposes for which they made their declaration; these were the end to

which their enunciation was directed. They have no reference to the
slave; else, how happened it that among the items of afraignment made
against George III was that he endeavored to do just what the North

 

 
362 Davis: “4 final adiew’
a aa mc

crimes which caused the colonies to sever their connection with the
mother country? When our Constitution was formed, the same idea was
tendered more palpable, for there we find provision made for that very
class of persons as property; they were not put upon the footing of
equality with white men — not even upon that of paupers and convicts;
but, so far as representation was concerned, were discriminated against
-as a lower caste, only to be represented in the numerical proportion of
three-fifths.
_ Then, senators, we recur to the compact which binds us together; we
recur to the principles upon which our government was founded; and
when you deny them, and when you deny to us the right to withdraw
_ from a government which, thus perverted, threatens to be destructive of
= : our rights, we but tread in the path of our fathers when we proclaim our
es independence, and take the hazard. This is done not in hostility to
a Others, not to injure any section of the country, not even for our own
= "pecuniary benefit; but from the high and solemn motive of defending
: and ‘protecting the rights we inherited, and which it is our sacred duty to
transmit unshorn to our children.
J find in myself, perhaps, a type of the general feeling of my constitu-
= ents toward yours. I am sure I feel no hostility to you, senators from the
North. I am sure there is not one of you, whatever sharp discussion
_ there may have been between us, to whom I cannot now say, in the
: _ presence of my God, I wish you well; and such, I am sute, is the feeling
_ of the people whom I represent toward those whom you represent. I
e sherefore feel that I but express their desire when I say I hope, and they _
e P hope: for peaceful relations with you, though we must part. They may —
be mutually beneficial to us in the future, as they have been in the past,
_ if you so will it. The reverse may bring disaster on every portion of the
- country; and if you will have it thus, we will invoke the God of our
_ fathers, who delivered them from the power of the lion, to protect us-
_ from the ravages of the bear; and thus, ‘putting our trust in God, and in

our own firm heatts and strong arms, we will vindicate the right as best —
we may. | |
eae In the course of my service here, associated at different times with a mes
_—-« &feat variety of senators, I see now around me some with whom | have —
be = eres long; there have been points of collision; but whatever of offense —
_ there has been to me, I leave here; I carry with me no hostile remem
. __ brance. Whatever offense I have given which has not been redressed,
E _ of for which satisfaction has not been demanded, I have, nna “<3
5 _ this hour of our eater to offer Foe my apology — any = which, i

 
  
   
  
  
  
  
  
 
 
  

ae

  

 
I Pyke ea as
oe oS

 

 

Lincoln: “My feeling of sadness at this parting’ 363
ee a a ee
in heat of discussion, I have inflicted. I] go hence unencumbered of the
remembrance of any injury received, and having discharged the duty of
making the only reparation in my power for any injury offered.

Mr President and senators, having made the announcement which the

occasion seemed to me to require, it only remains for me to bid you a
final adieu.

ABRAHAM LINCOLN
11 February 1861

‘My feeling of sadness at this parting’

After his election as president, Lincoln remained in Springfield, where he was
besieged by office-seekers, for nearly four months. He made a pilgrimage to his
father’s grave and the house of his stepmother. =
At last, at eight o'clock on a cold and drizzly morning, he and his family made 3
their way to Great Western Station and the special train with a single passenger
car that would take them on the twelve-day journey to Washington.
Lincoln stood at the rail, head down, an expression of tragic sadness on his face.

Slowly his chin lifted and he looked at the faces of the neighbours who had come to
wish him success. A hush fell on the crowd as Lincoln made his farewell to the

town he was never to see again.

No one, not in my situation, can appreciate my feeling of sadness at this
parting. To this place, and the kindness of these people, I owe every- _
thing. Here I have lived a quarter of a century, and have passed from a
young to an old man. Here my children have been born, and one is |
buried. I now leave, not knowing when or whether ever I may return, ©
with a task before me greater than that which rested upon Washington. ©
Without the assistance of that Divine Being who ever attended him, I _
cannot succeed. With that assistance, I cannot fail. Trusting in Him who |
can go with me, and remain with you, and be everywhere for good, let —

us confidently hope that all will yet be well. To His care commending

you, as I hope in your prayers you will commend me, I bid you an —
affectionate farewell. : be

 
a ,
Lincoln: ‘We are not enemies, but friends’

Se

ABRAHAM LINCOLN
4 Match 1861

‘We are not enemies, but friends’

When Lincoln began work on his inaugural at Springfield, he asked for one of
Henry Clay’s 1850 speeches, a copy of the Constitution, Andrew Jackson's
_ proclamation on nullification and Daniel Webster's reply to Hayne, which he
considered the greatest example of American oratory. The address was set in type
gt ‘pringfield and studied by advisers on the journey to Washington. He accepted
but adapted a conciligtory last paragraph suggested by William Seward.
‘There had been rumours of an attempt to kill Lincoln during the journey to the
capital, and only two weeks earlier Jefferson Davis had been elected president of
Sees Confederation. So Washington had been turned into an armed camp for the
inauguration. At noon President Buchanan collected his successor from Willard’s
a Hotel to escort him to the Capitol in an open carriage. Files of soldiers lined the
streets, cavalry guarded every intersection, and riflemen on rooftops watched —
windows across the street. Two batteries of artillery were posted near the Capitol.
In a black suit, black boots and a white shirt, carrying a gold-headed cane and
his tall hat, Lincoln rose to deliver bis address. As he saw nowhere to put his hat
aad cane, his defeated rival S tephen Douglas reached out to hold them for him.

Unrolling his manuscript and adjusting his spectacles, Lincoln faced the crowd
= 20,000 and then warned them in a clear voice that carried to the edge of the

_ crowd that he was fee to fight a war to maintain the Union but that secession
ee was unnecessary. — |

This country, arth its institutions, belongs to the people eis inhabit i it.
Whenever they shall gtow weary of the existing government, they can
exercise their constitutional right of amending it, or their revolutionary right |
ago dismember or overthrow it. I cannot be ignorant of the fact that —
S | many worthy and patriotic citizens are desirous of having the national 2
= _ Constitution amended. While I make no recommendation of amend- —
_ ments, I fully recognize the rightful authority of the people « over the whole —

a -_ subject to be exercised in either of the modes prescribed i in the instrument
itself; and I should under existing circumstances favor rather ‘than :
> SBP ose: a fair opportunity being afforded the people to act upon ae 3
The chief magistrate derives all his authority from the people, an
«they mide conferred none upon him to fix terms ae. the separation, 9 f th

 

 

 
3 ag 58
cr Soe me

Lincoln: ‘We are not enemies, but friends’ 365

 

states. The people themselves can do this also if they choose; but the
executive, as such, has nothing to do with it. His duty is to administer
the present government, as it came to his hands, and to transmit it,
unimpaired by him, to his successor.

Why should there not be a patient confidence in the ultimate justice of

| 4 the people? Is there any better or equal hope in the world? In our

 

a enemies. Though passion may have strained, it must not break, our

present differences, is either party without faith of being in the right? If
. the Almighty Ruler of nations, with His eternal truth and justice, be on
_ your side of the North, or on yours of the South, that truth, and that

justice, will surely prevail, by the judgement of this great tribunal, the
American people.
_ By the frame of the government under which we live, this same
_ people have wisely given their public servants but little power for
_ mischief; and have, with equal wisdom, provided for the return of that
little to their own hands at very short intervals. | |
While the people retain their virtue and vigilance, no administration,

by any extreme of wickedness or folly, can very seriously injure the
government in the short space of four years. |

My countrymen, one and all, think calmly and well upon this whole
subject. Nothing valuable can be lost by taking time. If there be an

object to hurry any of you, in hot haste, to a step which you would never
take deliberately, that object will be frustrated by taking time; but no
good object can be frustrated by it. Such of you as are now dissatisfied
still have the old Constitution unimpaired, and, on the sensitive point,
_the laws of your own framing under it; while the new administration
will have no immediate power, if it would, to change either. If it were
admitted that you who are dissatisfied hold the right side in the dispute,
there still is no single good reason for precipitate action. Intelligence,
patriotism, Christianity, and a firm reliance on Him who has never Vet<-
forsaken this favored land are still competent to. adjust, in the best was ia
all our present difficulty. | o
In your hands, my dissatisfied fellow countrymen, and not in mine, -
the momentous issue of civil war. The government will not assail you. |
You can have no conflict, without being yourselves the aggressors. You — :
have no oath registered in heaven to destroy the government, while £2
shall have the most solemn one to ‘preserve, protect, and defend’ it. _

Tam loath to close. We are not enemies, but friends. We must not be

ots

ze

: _ bonds of affection. The mystic chords of memory, stretching from every
_ baat, and pner: — to every living heart and hearthstone, alt:

a
&

 

 
366 Everett: “A new bond of union’

ere a etme siiad

over this broad land, will yet swell the chorus of the Union, when again
touched, as surely they will be, by the better angels of our nature.

EDWARD EVERETT
19 November 1863

“A new bond of union’

When the cemetery for the soldiers who fell in the Battle of Gettysburg was
dedicated, the main speaker was Edward Everett (1794-1865 ), the most cel-
ebrated American orator of his age. Everett had been four times Governor of
Massachusetts, Ambassador to Great Britain, President of Harvard, Secretary of
State, and a senator. He gave his oration on George Washington 128 times and
raised nearly 60,000 dollars for the purchase of Mount Vernon as a national
monument.

Everett was the ‘star’ of the day of dedication. As the iin procession made
| its way to the cemetery and a crowd of 15,000, President Lincoln looked ungainly

| on a horse too small for him. Souvenir hunters searched the battlefield for bullets.
_ Coffins lay scattered across the battlefield. |

Everett spoke confidently in his rich mellow voice until, after two hours, he
; reached his peroration. |

3 Now, friends, fellow citizens of Gettysburg and Pennsylvania, and you
_ from remoter states, let me again, as we part, invoke your benediction
on these honored graves. You feel, though the occasion is mournful,
that it is good to be here. You feel that it was greatly auspicious for the
cause of the country that the men of the East, and the men of the West, _
the men of nineteen sister states, stood side by side on the perilous
_tidges of the battle. You now feel it a new bond of union that they shall .
_ lie side by side on the perilous ridges of the battle. You now feel it a
new pond ab union that they shall lie side ee = till a —- oats

 

 
  
 
  
 
    

men : which has ash seeds in its Sdaicase Thee spots on ik pra st ms
__ and fell; these pleasant heights; the thriving village whose streets si
_ lately rang with the strange din of war; the fields beyond the ridg
é _ where the noble Reynolds held the advancing foe at bay, and, \
sees up his own life, assured by ni forethought and elt sact
Lincoln: ‘Government of the people, by the people, for the people’ 367

ne

triumph of the two succeeding days; the little streams which wind
through the hills, on whose banks in aftertimes the wandering plowman
will turn up, with the rude weapons of savage warfare, the fearful
missiles of modern artillery; Seminary Ridge, the Peach Orchard, Cem-
etery, Culp, and Wolf Hill, Round Top, Little Round Top, humble —
names, henceforward dear and famous — no lapse of time, no distance of
space, shall cause you to be forgotten. ‘The whole earth,’ said Pericles,

as he stood over the remains of his fellow citizens, who had fallen in the
first yeat of the Peloponnesian War — ‘the whole earth is the sepulcher of
illustrious men.’ All time, he might have added, is the millennium of
their glory. Surely I would do no injustice to the other noble achieve-
ments of the war, which have reflected such honor on both arms of the
service, and have entitled the armies and the navy of the United States,
their officers and men, to the warmest thanks and the richest rewards =
which a grateful people can pay. But they, I am sure, will join us in _
saying, as we bid farewell to the dust of these martyr-heroes, that
wheresoever throughout the civilized world the accounts of this great
warfare are read, and down to the latest period of recorded time, in the

glorious annals of our common country there will = no pighter’ page
than that which relates to the battles of Gettysburg. -

ABRAHAM LINCOLN
19 November 1863

‘Government of the people, by the pail iy the people!

 

When Edward Enea finished the main iia a hymn was sung and then
Lincoln made some dedicatory ‘remarks’. The crowd had scattered and by the time 3
the stragglers got near the platform the speech was over. Everett's florid speech is
forgotten. Lincoln spoke 270 words in about three minutes, interrupted by
applause five times, and made the greatest and noblest speech of modern times, a |
Speech that stands comparison with the Se ermon on the Mount or the Juneral =
oration of Pericles.

It is the speech most often quoted, most Atenas; recorded (recently by
Margaret Thatcher and General Norman S chwarzkopf), and which remains the —

subject of eee mp (most recently in Lincoln at es by Garry :
_ AP lis).

So ee is its secret? peat was the question President John Kennedy asked

~
ee

 
368 Lincoln: ‘Government of the people, by the people, for the people’

bis pelea ne Theodore Sorensen when he was preparing bis inaugural in 1 960.

Sorensen’s answer was that Lincoln used short words. According to Wills, Lincoln

was influenced by the rhetoric of the Greek revival, the imagery of the rural

cemetery movement and the influence of transcendentalism, as well as his oyy
political experience.

The Gettysburg address was certainly not written on the back of an envelope. 1y
_ was drafted and redrafted — right up to the morning of 19 November — to win the
ideological as well as the military civil war. Lincotn added the words ‘under God?

as he spoke.

Lincoln summed up for his audience their deepest beliefs. ‘In their name,
summoned by Lincoln’s sober language,’ says Hugh ee se could continue to
== in stern Puritan hopefulness.’ 7
For Wills, the Gettysburg address oe biol the fovid we of Everett
- and | forged ay a new hean sanguage to redeem the first modern war.

_Selow- -countrymen — Four score and: seven years ago our fathers

: brought forth on this continent a new nation, conceived in Liberty, and
= = dedicated to the proposition that all men are created equal.
___ Now we are engaged in a great civil war, testing whether that nation,
= or any nation so conceived and so dedicated, can long endure. We are
| met on a great battlefield of that war. We have come to dedicate a
3 "portion of that field, as a final resting- -place for those who here gave
their lives that that nation Se live. It is oie fit and =e that
we should do this — a | =< = :
- But, ina larger sense, we cannot dedicate — we cannot consecrate — we.
cannot hallow this ground. The brave men, living and dead, ae
truggled here, have consecrated i it, far above our poor power to add or
‘detract. The world will little note, nor long remember, what we say _
here, but it can never forget what they did here. It is for us, the living, —
- tathet, to be dedicated here to the unfinished work which they who |
fought here have thus far so nobly advanced, It is -tather for us to be — 2
_ here dedicated to the ‘gteat task remaining before us — that from these
ee ‘honoured dead we take increased devotion. to that cause for which —
they gave the last full measure of devotion — that we here highly ee
| 5 wiles: that these dead shall not have died in vain — that this nation,
under God, shall have a new birth of freedom — and that government Of

: : the << by the = for ths eS sh all not t perish from a
= Sat te Ae oe PEM ane Cy Soe oe eran).

   
 
  
  
 
 
   
   
  
      
 

  
    
I Aincoln: ‘With malice toward none 3 369

oe ann ee pennant

 

ABRAHAM LINCOLN
4 March 1865

‘With malice toward none’

 

Lincoln swept to an overwhelming victory in the 1864 presidential election with an
electoral vote of 212 out of 233. On the day of his inauguration, the Civil War
was almost over — it ended thirty-seven days later. So his second inaugural address
looked beyond the war and appealed for reconciliation and reconstruction. It ranks
with the Gettysburg address as one of the greatest speeches of modern times.

With characteristic modesty, Lincoln wrote afterwards that he thought the
address would ‘wear as well as — perhaps better than — anything I have produced,
but I believe that it is not immediately popular. Men are not flattered 2 being
shown there is a difference between the Almighty and them.’ |

At this second appearing to take the oath of the presidential office there _
is less occasion for an extended address than there was at the first. Then —
a statement somewhat in detail of a course to be pursued seemed fitting
and proper. Now, at the expiration of four years, during which public ~
declarations have been constantly called forth on every point and phase —
of the great contest which still absorbs the attention and engrosses the y
energies of the nation, little that is new could be presented. The progress.
of out atms, upon which all else chiefly depends, is as well known to the
public as to myself, and it is, I trust, reasonably satisfactory and
encouraging to all. With high hope for the future, no prediction. in
regard to it is ventured. sas ee
On the occasion cortesponding to this four years ago all thoughts |
were anxiously directed to an impending civil war. All dreaded it, all —
sought to avert it. While the inaugural address was being delivered from
: eas place, devoted altogether to saving the Union without wat, urgent |
agents were in the city seeking to destroy it without war — seeking to
dissolve the Union and divide effects by negotiation. Both parties
deprecated wat, but one of them would make war rather than let the
nation survive, and the other would accept war rather than let it perish,
and the war came. |

_ One-eighth of the whole population were colored slaves, not distrib-
| uted generally over the Union, but localized in the southern part of it. —
Sees slaves constituted a pene and powerful interest. All knew that

 

 
370 - Lincoln: ‘With malice toward none’ |
a Nga A a Ce

this interest was somehow the cause of the war. To strengthen, perpetu-
ate, and extend this interest was the object for which the insurgents
would rend the Union even by war, while the Government claimed no
right to do mote than to restrict the territorial enlargement of it. Neither
party expected for the war the magnitude or the duration which it has
already attained. Neither anticipated that the cause of the conflict might
cease with or even before the conflict itself should cease. Each looked
for an easier triumph, and a result less fundamental and astounding.
Both read the same Bible and pray to the same God, and each invokes
His aid against the other. It may seem strange that any men should dare
to ask a just God’s assistance in wringing their bread from the sweat of
es faces, but let us judge not, that we be not judged. The
_ prayers of both could not be answered. That of neither has been
_ answered fully. |
The Almighty has His own purposes. ‘Woe unto the world because of
Soha: for it must needs be that offenses come, but woe to that man
_ by whom the offense cometh.’ If we shall suppose that American slavery
= ‘is one of those offenses which, in the providence of God, must needs —
come, but which, having continued through | His appointed time, He
now wills to remove, and that He gives to both North and South this
| terrible war as the woe due to those by whom the offense came, shall we
discern therein any departure from those divine attributes which the |
3 believers in a living God always ascribe to Him? Fondly do we hope, —
= fervently do we pray, that this mighty scourge of war may speedily pass —
away. Yet, if God wills that it continue until all the wealth piled by aes
bondsman’s two hundred and fifty years of unrequited toil shall be sunk,
and until every drop of blood drawn with the lash shall be paid by :
another drawn with the sword, as was said three thousand years ago, So
still it must be said ‘the judgements of the Lord are true and righteous
altogether’. = St Ee i= =
With malice aes none, “sith charity for all, with firmness in the
right as God gives us to see the right, let us strive on to finish the
we are in, to bind up the nation’s wounds, to care for him whe
have borne the battle and for his widow and his: orphan, to do all
- e may achieve and cherish a ius and lasting peace aOny, oursel
with all nations. = |

 
    
     
 
 
  
     

 

 
 
  
 
 
 
   
 
. 3 ]
Grady: ‘Fields that ran red with human blood . . 3/

CHIEF JOSEPH |
1877

 

‘I will fight no more’

For Indians, the nineteenth century was an era of defeat as the whites asserted —
their dominance over the continent. The few victories they won provoked still”
greater punishment, as after Little Brg Horn, when Crazy Horse and Sitting Bull
wiped out an American regiment. |
% As leader of the Nex Percé tribe, Chief Joseph fought a jong but sacieseisel™
campaign against his oppressors but surrendered after being given generous promises. —
All were broken. An eye-witness of bis defeat said: ‘In bis long career, Chief —
Joseph cannot accuse the government of the United States of one single act ES
justice.’ This was his noble eee of surrender.

Te Bae ce eS ene Be rare ne See, a a ee ee ea a a
ver pe is a 3 Soe eee re eee ee, ne ee ee ="
5 - . t : a | tee ny i Saas: 5 neal

ape
; ne « oe

A ST ee

___ Tell General dereacd I ae his head What = cold: me ee I Gee =
4 it in my heart. I am tired of fighting. Our chiefs are killed; Looking-

Glass is dead, Ta-Hool- Hool-Shute is dead. The old men are all dead. It — j
E 4
3

= _ is the young men who say yes of no. He who led on the young men is”
dead. It is cold, and we have no blankets; the little children are freezing

to death. My people, some of them, have run away to the hills, and have
no blankets, no food. No one knows where they are — perhaps freezing

to death. I want to have time to look for my children, and see how nee
of them I can find. Maybe I shall find them among the dead. Hear a
my chiefs! I am tired; my heart is sick and sad. From where the sun now =
stands I will bee no mote forever. ; 7 Ze

"HENRY W. GRADY AE ae eee
22 December 1886 == aS aS oe:

= ils that ran eee oop ‘ee ‘ead in A tpril
were 5 gee with the harvest i in pene en

= Henry Ww. sodfin Grady ( 1 850-89) was ee a VS owner — the Atlant =
Constitution when — twenty years after the Civil War — he was the first
ee invited to address the es New ree Club - N ew rte =

 

 

 

 
3/2 stady: “Fields that ran red with human blood...’

City. Among his audience was William Sherman, the general who
through Georgia.

marched
I accept the term ‘The New South’ as in no sense disparaging to the old,
Dear to me, sir, is the home of my childhood and the traditions of my
people. I would not, if I could, dim the glory they won in peace and
wat, or by word or deed take aught from the splendor and grace of their
civilization — never equaled and, perhaps, never to be equaled in its —
chivalric strength and grace. There is a New South, not through protest —
against the old, but because of new conditions, new adjustments, and, if —
you please, new ideas and aspirations, It is to this that I address myself, —
and to the consideration of which I hasten lest it become the Old South —
before I get to it. Age does not endow all things with strength and —
virtue, nor are all new things to be despised. The shoemaker who put —
over his door ‘John Smith’s shop. Founded in 1760’ was more than
matched by his young rival across the street who hung out this sign: —
‘Bill Jones, Established 1886. No old stock kept in this shop.’ s :
Dr Talmadge has drawn for you, with a master’s hand, the picture of _
your returning armies. He has told you how, in the pomp and circum- —
stance of war, they came back to you, marching with proud and
_ victorious tread, reading their glory in a nation’s eyes! Will you bear
_ with me while I tell you of another army that sought its home at the
4 close of the late war — an as that marched home in defeat and not in

#.

fidelity and faith, he turned his face southward from Appomattox in :
April 1865. Think of him as ragged, half starved, heavy-hearted, enfee
pled aig want and wounds; having een to exhaustion, he suntan

3 eae eal sale face fos the last time to the oe on ra the
| ‘Virginia hills, pulls his gray cap over his brow and begins the slow + d
_ painful journey. What does he find — let me ask you, who went to yout

. sens cage t te find, in the welcome ms had —_— etetian, “ ee r

 
: Grady: ‘Fields that ran red with human blood...’ ree
eee eg ee ee eee

worthless; his social system, feudal in its magnificence, swept away; his
people without law or legal status, his comrades slain, and the burdens
of others heavy on his shoulders. Crushed by defeat, his very traditions
are gone; without money, credit, employment, material, or training; and
besides all this, confronted with the gravest problem that ever met
human intelligence — the establishing of a status for the vast body of his
liberated slaves.

What does he do — this hero in gray with a heart of gold? Does he sit
down in sullenness and despair? Not for a day. Surely God, who had
stripped him of his prosperity, inspired him in his adversity. As ruin was
never before so overwhelming, never was restoration swifter. The
soldier stepped from the trenches into the furrow; horses that had
charged Federal guns marched before the plow, and fields that ran red
with human blood in April were green with the harvest in June; women
reared in luxury cut up their dresses and made breeches for their
husbands, and, with a patience and heroism that fit women always as a
garment, gave their hands to work. There was little bitterness in all this.
Cheerfulness and frankness prevailed. ‘Bill Arp’ [a current humorist]
struck the keynote when he said: ‘Well, I killed as many of them as they
did of me, and now I am going to work.’ Or the soldier returning home
after defeat and roasting some corn on the roadside, who made the
remark to his comrades: “You may leave the South if you want to, but I
am going to Sandersville, kiss my wife, and raise a crop, and if the
Yankees fool with me any more I will whip ’em again.’ I want to say to
General Sherman — who is considered an able man in our parts, though
some people think he is a kind of careless man about fire — that from the
ashes he left us in 1864 we have raised a brave and beautiful city; that
somehow or other we have caught the sunshine in the bricks and mortar
of our homes, and have builded therein not one ignoble prejudice or
memory... _ aes ~ cena ss
_ But what of the Negro? Have we solved the problem he presents or
progressed in honor and equity toward the solution? Let the record

speak to the point. No section shows a more prosperous laboring
population than the Negroes of the South; none in fuller sympathy with a
the employing and landowning class. He shares our school fund, has the _
fullest protection of our laws and the friendship of our people. Self
interest, as well as honor, demands that he should have this. Our future, _

_ Our very existence, depend upon our working out this problem in full
Pe ane 6 ant jeetise, We understand that when Lincoln signed the Eman
Patton Proclamation your victory was assured; for he then committed yc

7

wee, a ae ee er a eT
é

 

   
     
    

 
374 Grady: ‘Fields that ran red with human blood . |
Ga ae eg a
to the cause of human liberty, against which the arms of man cannot
prevail; while those of our statesmen who trusted to make slavery the
cornerstone of the Confederacy doomed us to defeat as far as they could,
committing us to a cause that reason could not defend or the sword
maintain in the light of advancing civilization. Had Mr Toombs [first
Secretary of State of the Confederacy] said, which he did not say, that he
would call the roll of his slaves at the foot of Bunker Hill, he would
have been foolish, for he might have known that whenever slavery
became entangled in war it must perish, and that the chattel in human
flesh ended for ever in New England when your fathers — not to be
blamed for parting with what didn’t pay — sold their slaves to our
fathers — not to be praised for knowing a paying thing when they saw
A: 7

_ The felations of the Southern people with the Negro are close and
redtink ‘We remember with what fidelity for four years he guarded our
= defenseless ‘women and children, whose husbands and fathers were
| fighting against his freedom. To his eternal credit be it said that
_ whenever he struck a blow for his own liberty he fought in open battle,
and when at last he raised his black and humble hands that the shackles
: Seaiche be struck off, those hands were innocent of wrong against his
helpless charges, and worthy to be taken in loving grasp by every man — :
who honors loyalty and devotion. Ruffians have maltreated him, rascals
_ have misled him, philanthropists established a bank for him, but the
‘South, with the North, protests against injustice to this simple and —

‘sincere people. To liberty and enfranchisement is as far as law can carry
the Negro. The rest must be left to conscience and common sense. ES
—— i left to those ee wom ie oe As cast, with eee oe is” me

 
   
 
 
   
 
  
     
   
 
     
   

 

   

 

  

| spite oF emer assettions to ahs contrary pet Ries hte :

z= to speak for us or by frank opponents. Faith will be bis ts iS |
ee! 2 ag sean holds her reason nates Spe ite eg
Washington: ‘A new heaven and anew earth 279

dear to me above the names of men, that of a brave and simple man who
died in brave and simple faith. Not for all the glories of New England —
from Plymouth Rock all the way — would I exchange the heritage he left —
me in his soldier’s death. To the foot of that shaft I shall send my
children’s children to reverence him who ennobled their name with his
heroic blood. But, sit, speaking from the shadow of that memory, which —
I honor as I do nothing else on earth, I say that the cause in which he
suffered and for which he gave his life was adjudged by higher and
fuller wisdom than his or mine, and I am glad that the omniscient God
held the balance of battle in His Almighty hand, and that human slavery
was swept for ever from American soil — the American Union saved
from the wreck of war . ;

BOOKER T. WASHINGTON
18 September 1393 = 7

‘A new heaven gD a new earth’ Se

Booker Taliaferro Washington (185 6-191 ‘ \ was bon a a Bae of a 4
white father in a mud- floor shack — but freed by Abraham Lincoln’ 5 Emancipation — 3
Proclamation when he was six. Although he had to work in a salt furnace, he —
studied at night, enrolled in an elementary school and went on to Hampton ;
Institute and the Wayland Seminary in Washington DC. He became president of
the Negro school at Tuskegee, Alabama, and devoted the rest oe is li fe to its =
‘success, attracting the support of Carnegie and Rockefeller. = Se <
As Tuskegee grew into a school with a faculty of 200, Washington hacgue me -
ee fro-A merican leader of his generation. He persuaded blacks to exploit white —
supremacy by accepting it — but many, including William Du Bois, the Jeading
black intellectual, — bis views ee black fights and d condemned Patek > ee
permanent inferiority. es 2 . So ae
Nea Es became s 50 fans that be was in n demand as. a «speaker ti mn r -

 

  
   
    
    
     

r ati and International Exposition that eae bin the rege leader 7 ya “3

Na gE es Im Se
ak ree oe at oe ie many ae siden Sipisot a fae shes Fre
: s ae : eS 5 the = Srna vessel was seen a signal: ‘Water, water; we.
OF ns W ef from the friendly vessel at © ‘Once came patie:

   
  

      
376 Washington: ‘A new heaven and a new earthy
om eae ee ay a te 2
down your bucket where you arte.’ A second time the signal, ‘Water,
water; send us water!’ ran up from the Beietee vessel, and was
answered: “Cast down your bucket where you are.’ The Captain of the
distressed vessel, at last heeding the injunction, cast down his bucket,
and it came up full of fresh, sparkling water from the mouth of the
Amazon River. To those of my race who depend upon bettering their
condition in a foreign land, or who underestimate the importance of
cultivating friendly relations with the Southern white man, who is his
next-door neighbor, I would say: ‘Cast down yout bucket where you
_ ate’ — cast it down in making friends in every manly way of the people —
of all races by whom we are surrounded. | a
Cast it down in agriculture, ‘mechanics, in commerce, in domestic _ ,
setvice, and in the professions. And in this connection it is well to bear
a mind that whatever other sins the South may be called to bear, when —
= Se comes to business, pure and simple, it is in the South that the Negro is :
: a man’s chance in the commercial world, and in nothing is this
exposition more eloquent than in emphasizing this chance. 4
Our greatest danger is that in the great leap from slavery to s frecdenae
we may overlook the fact that the masses of us ate to live by the
ees of our hands, and fail to keep in mind that we shall prosper —
in proportion as we learn to dignify and glorify common labor, and put a
_ brains and skill into the common occupations of life; shall ‘prosper in

= proportion as we learn to draw the line between the superficial and the
ee the ornamental — of life and the useful. No race can

  
 
  
     
   
 
  

   
 
  

ees
ee ee a ee ee

es the products of field, of forest, of mine, of factory, letters, and art, muc

severe and constant struggle rather than of artificial forcing. No race

any degree ostracized. It is important and right that all privileges of the
law be ours, but it is vastly more important that we be prepared for the
exercise of those privileges. The opportunity to earn a dollar in a factory

Washington: ‘A new heaven and a new earth’ BIZ
i ae ge

stimulating, encouraging, and making him the most useful and intelligent —
citizen. Effort or means so invested will pay a thousand per cent interest.
These efforts will be twice blessed — blessing him that gives and him
that takes . :
Gentlemen of the exposition, as we present to you our humble effort
at an exhibition of our progress, you must not expect overmuch.
Starting thirty years ago with ownership here and there in a few quilts
and pumpkins and chickens (gathered from miscellaneous sources),
remember the path that has led from these to the invention and produc-
tion of agricultural implements, buggies, steam engines, newspapers,
books, statuary, carving, paintings, the management of drugstores and
banks, has not been trodden without contact with thorns and thistles.
While we take pride in what we exhibit as a result of our independent

efforts, we do not for a moment forget that our part in this exhibition

would fall far short of your expectations but for the constant help that
has come to our educational life, not only from the Southern states, but
especially from Northern philanthropists, who have made their gifts a
constant stream of blessing : andencouragement. i eee
The wisest among my race understand that the agitation of questions —
of social equality is the extremest folly, and that progress in the enjoy-
ment of all the privileges that will come to us must be the result of 2

that has anything to contribute to the markets of the world is long in

 

just now is worth ay mote than the opponmalty: to. end a dollar a

in an opera house. eS ee ee =

In conclusion, may i repeat that aoa in thirty years has given us

“more hope — and encouragement, and drawn us so near to you of the

white race, as this opportunity offered by the exposition; and here

= bending, as it were, over the altar that feptesents the results of the :
_ struggles of your race and mine, both starting practically empty-handed

three decades ago, I pledge that, in your effort to work out the great and

intricate problem which God has laid at the door of the South, you shall 5 | |
have at all times the p patient, sympathetic help of my race; only let this be

 

constantly i in mind that, while from representations in these buildings of

  

<< good will = yet far above and beyond material benefits will be the <

 

| ~ higher. Bone: na

   
378 Washington: ‘The sacrifice was not in vain’

ee

sectional differences and racial animosities and suspicions, in a determing-
tion to administer absolute justice, in a willing obedience among all
classes to the mandates of law. This, coupled with our material ptosper-
ity, will bring into our beloved South a new heaven and a new earth,

BOOKER T. WASHINGTON
1896

‘The sacrifice was not in vain’

21 significant recognition of the power and influence of Booker T. Washington was
_ the award to him by Harvard of an ae? degree. This 1s part of the speech he
| delivered to Harvard alumni.

If through me, a bomb representative, seven millions of my people in
— the South might be permitted to send a message to Harvard — Harvard
that offered up on death’s altar, young Shaw, and Russell, and Lowell

_and scores of others, that we might have a free and united country — that _

_ message would be, ‘Tell them that the sacrifice was not in vain. Tell
_ them that by the way of the shop, the field, the skilled hand, habits of
_ thrift and economy, by way of industrial school and college, we are
_ coming. We are crawling up, working up, yea, bursting up. Often
e through oppression, unjust discrimination, and prejudice, but through
them we ate coming up, and with proper habits, intelligence, and —
“property, there is no power on earth that can permanently stay out
ee Z = 5 ‘
If my life in the past has meant <ambines in the lifting up of my people —
= aa the bringing about of better relations between your race and mine, 1 _
assure you from this day it will mean doubly more. In the economy of |
God, there is but one standard by which an individual can succeed — there s
; See os one for a face. atiis ae perianal that one race measure itself "

 

 
| 3 Congress as a Democrat in 189 f--Fle- sympathized with the Populist movement .
a and thought rural OES could be cured y the free coinage e silver, wort: wala «
ee give the poor cheap money. x

   

Coe ee ee

All bis life Wl Willa ame 2} ennings — (1860- 1 925), a ee Palmares q

 

= silver was included in the platform and aroused fierce controversy. There was
ee pandemonium in the hall. Only when Bryan rose to speak did the 20,000 delegates
oa start to Hite Tt was tbe ie vA peels the famous ‘Cross a Gold’ perks wi

Bryan: ‘You shall not crucify mankind upon-a cross of gold’ aie
ee ee sie ee
the substance, to be great and yet small, learned and yet simple, high and
yet the servant of all. This, this is the passport to all that is best in the life
of our Republic, and the Negro must possess it, or be debarred.

While we are thus being tested, I beg of you to remember that
wherever our life touches yours, we help or hinder. Wherever your life
touches ours, you make us stronger or weaker. No member of your race
in any part of our country can harm the meanest member of mine,
without the proudest and bluest blood in Massachusetts being degraded.
When Mississippi commits crime, New England commits crime, and in
so much lowers the standard of your civilization. There is no escape —
man drags man down, or man lifts man up. | |

In working out our destiny, while the main burden and center of
activity must be with us, we shall need in a large measure in the years —
that are to come as we have in the past, the help, the encoutagement,
the guidance that the strong can give the weak. Thus helped, we of both _
taces in the South soon shall throw off the shackles of racial and — 3
sectional prejudices and rise as Harvard University has risen and as we
all should rise, above the clouds of i ignorance, narrowness, and selfish-
ness, into that atmosphere, that pure sunshine, where it will be our

highest ambition to serve man, our brother, regardless of race or
previous condition. =

“WILLIAM JEnsice BRYAN |
| seg SS sas

: “You shall not feraity mankind pon a a cross 0 es gold?

  
  
  

and teetotaller, was the champion of rural America. He was born in Salem,
Iinois, studied law in Chicago and practised in N ebraska, where he was elected to”

Out of office in 1895, a ee Pol to securing a silver delegation to ‘the
1896 Democratic Convention, where a demand Sor the free coinage of both gold and —

 

 
380 Bryan: “You shall not crucify mankind upon a cross of gold’
its declaration of holy war against the rich and mighty — a speech that recommitted
the Democratic party to its original principles of working for the weak and the

poor.

I would be presumptuous, indeed, to present myself against the distin
guished gentlemen to whom you have listened if this were a mere
measuring of abilities; but this is not a contest between persons. The
humblest citizen in all the land, when clad in the armor of a righteous
Cause, is stronger than all the hosts of error. | come to speak to you in
defense of a cause as holy as the cause of liberty — the cause of
humanity ..

_. When you —— to the gold delegates) come before us and tell us that

we are about to disturb your business interests, we reply that you have
Sie our business interests by your course.

We say to you that you have made the definition of a business man
too limited in its application. The man who is employed for wages is as
much a business man as his employer; the attorney in a country town is
as much a business man as the corporation counsel in a great metropolis;

: ‘the merchant at the crossroads store is as much a business man as the
- merchant of New York; the farmer who goes forth in the morning and
- toils all day, who begins in spring and toils all summer, and who by the —
"application of brain and muscle to the natural resources of the country
; creates wealth is as much a business man as the man who goes upon the :
3 board of trade and bets upon the price of grain; the miners who go
down a thousand feet into the earth, or climb two thousand feet upon _
the cliffs, and bring forth from their hiding places the precious metals to _
_be poured into the channels of trade are as much business men as the —
few financial magnates who, in a back room, corner the mney of es
: world. We come to speak of this broader class of business men.
3 ate ‘fy: friends, we ee not one word ae those who live oapeel the

oe < eit young, ee a ee praise eae <a
meteries where rest the ashes of their dead — these people, we say,

= deserving of the consideration of our party as any people
country. It is for these that we speak. We do not come as a
(Our: war is not a war of ecnauesis > we are Hghings in the de f

 
Bryan: ‘You shall not crucify mankind upon a cross of gold’ 381

a

 

cae a

homes, our families, and posterity. We have petitioned, and our petitions
have been scorned; we have entreated, and our entreaties have been
disregarded; we have begged, and they have mocked when our calamity
came. We beg no longer; we entreat no more; we petition no more. We
defy them!...

And now, my friends, let me come to the paramount issue. If they ask
us why it is that we say more on the money question than we say upon
the tariff question, I reply that, if protection has slain its thousands, the
gold standard has slain its tens of thousands. If they ask us why we do

not embody in our platform all the things that we believe in, we reply
that when we have restored the money of the Constitution all other
necessary reforms will be possible; but that until this is done there is no
other reform that can be accomplished. |
Why is it that within three months such a change has come over the
country? Three months ago when it was confidently asserted that those
who believe in the gold standard would frame our platform and nominate
our candidates, even the advocates of the gold standard did not think
that we could elect a president. And they had good reason for their —
doubt, because there is scarcely a state here today asking for the gold 4
standard which is not in the absolute control of the Republican party. ~
But note the change. Mr McKinley was nominated at St Louis upon a
platform which declared for the maintenance of the gold standard until
it can be changed into bimetallism by international agreement. Mr
McKinley was the most popular man among the Republicans, and three
months ago everybody in the Republican party prophesied his election.
How is it today? Why, the man who was once pleased to think that he
looked like Napoleon — that man shudders today when he remembers
that he was nominated on the anniversary of the Battle of Waterloo. Not
only that, but as he listens he can hear with ever-increasing distinctness _
the sound of the waves as they beat upon the lonely shores of St Helena.
Why this change? Ah, my friends, is not the reason for the change ©
evident to anyone who will look at the matter? No private character. _
_ however pure, no personal popularity, however great, can protect from
__ the avenging wrath of an indignant people aman who will declare that

 

   
 
    
    
  
  

| he is in favor of fastening the gold standard upon this country, aan
_ is willing to surrender the right of self-government and place the
___ legislative control of our affairs in the hands piss

    
382 Bryan: ‘You shall not crucify mankind upon a cross of gold’

 

which the enemy will dare to challenge battle. If they tell us that the

gold standard is a good thing, we shall point to their platform and tell

them that their platform pledges the party to get rid of the gold standard

and substitute bimetallism. If the gold standard is a good thing, why try

to get tid of it? I call your attention to the fact that some of the very

people who are in this convention today and who tell us that we ought

to declare in favor of international bimetallism — thereby declaring that

the gold standard is wtong and that the principle of bimetallism is better

~ these very people four months ago were open and avowed advocates

_of the gold standard, and were then telling us that we could not legislate

two metals together, even with the aid of all the world. If the gold

standard is a good thing, we ought to declare in favor of its retention

and not in favor of abandoning it; and if the gold standard is a bad

thing, why should we wait until other nations are willing to help us to

let go? Hete is the line of battle, and we care not upon which issue they

__ force the fight; we are prepared to meet them on either issue or on both.

\ If they tell us that the gold standard is the standard of civilization, we

. reply to them that this, the most enlightened of all the nations of the

_ eatth has never declared for a gold standard and that both the great
_ patties this year are declaring against it. If the gold standard is the —
| standard of civilization, why, my friends, should we not have it? If they —

come to meet us on that issue we can present the history of our nation.
| More than that; we can tell them that they will search the pages of | '

F history i in vain to find a single instance where the common people of any —

_ land have ever declared themselves in favor of the gold standard. They

F _can find where the holders of fixed investments have declared for a ons
e standard, but not where the masses have.

Mr [John Griffin] Carlisle [Kentucky statesman] said in 1878 that
_ this was a struggle between ‘the idle holders of idle capital’ and ‘the
struggling masses, who produce the wealth and pay the taxes of the —
_ country’; and, my friends, the question we are to decide is: upon —
which side will the Democratic party fight; upon the side of ‘the idle —
holders of idle capital’ or upon the side of ‘the struggling masses’?
That is the question which the party must answer first, and then it
_ must be answered by each individual hereafter. The sympathies of the
_ Democratic party, as shown by the platform, are on the side of
_ the struggling masses who have ever been the foundation of th
_ Democratic party. There are two ideas of government. There ate th
__ who believe that, if you will only legislate to make the well-to-d
me ees their prosperity will Heak through on those below.

 

;

 

   
    
    
Bryan: ‘You shall not crucify mankind upon a cross of gold’ =g83-
ee
Democratic idea, however, has been that if you legislate to make the
masses prosperous, their prosperity will find its way up through every
‘class which rests upon them.

You come to us and tell us that the great cities are in favor of the gold
standard; we reply that the great cities rest upon our broad and fertile
prairies. Burn down your cities and leave our farms, and your cities will

spring up again as if by magic; but destroy our farms and the grass will
grow in the streets of every city in the country.

My friends, we declare that this nation is able to legislate for its own
people on every question, without waiting for the aid ot consent of any
other nation on earth; and upon that issue we expect to carry every state
in the Union. I shall not slander the inhabitants of the fair state of
Massachusetts nor the inhabitants of the state of New York by saying
that, when they are confronted with the proposition, they will declare
that this nation is not able to attend to its own business. It is the issue of
1776 over again. Our ancestors, when but three millions in number, had
_ the courage to declare their political independence of every other nation;
shall we, their descendants, when we have grown to seventy millions, —
declare that we are less independent than our forefathers? No, my —
friends, that will never be the verdict of out people. Therefore, we care —
not upon what lines the battle is fought. If they say bimetallism is good, —
but that we cannot have it until other nations help us, we reply that,
instead of having a gold standard because England has, we will restore
bimetallism, and then let England have bimetallism because the United
‘States has it. If they dare to come out in the open field and defend the
gold standard as a good thing, we will fight them to the uttermost.
Having behind us the producing masses of this nation and the world,
supported by the commercial interests, the laboring interests, and the
_toilers everywhere, we will answer their demand for a gold standard by
saying to them: you shall not press down upon the brow of labor this
crown of thorns, you shall not crucify mankind upon a cross of gold.

At = thundering close of his speech, Bryan Lot a unanimous ovation. Next day be
was nominated as presidential candidate. He used the ‘Cross of Gold’ theme in

600 campaign speeches, heard by an a estimated 5 million people, but was beaten a: :
William McKiake a

 

 

  
 

 

THE CRY OF IRELAND _ Sees

 

  

 

 

 

 

 

-: ae s
os ~ -~
- et _ ‘ ‘
ai i
a a “ : ehateseee
ge
i
ts
a et
2 eis eg Nil su
jae i of 4
a = ri

         
HENRY GRATTAN
19 April 1780

‘The breath of liberty’

Ireland’s fight for freedom began in the reign of Henry VII, when the Poynings
Act compelled Ireland to submit bills to the English King and Privy Council
before they could be acted on by the Irish Parliament. The sixth Act of George I
subsequently declared Ireland a subordinate kingdom. It was the oratory of Henry
Grattan (1740-1820), who became the acknowledged leader of what the poet —
Byron called the ‘eloquent war’, which finally won Ireland the cae to make BS
own laws independent of the English Parliament. | :
Grattan was called to the Irish bar in 1772. After ee disinberited by ie 3
father, the MP for Dublin, for his support of Henry Flood, the Irish nationalist, —
he entered the Irish Parliament in 1775 and carried the amendment to the BS SS = 3
calling for Irish free trade in 1779. a2 ‘ | ee ea
A year later, still only thirty-four, he spoke to his motion that the King ae :

the Lords and Commons of Ireland Oma be the one pues competent to make
laws ye Treland. | : ;

Festdaoe smarts under the lesson of the American War; the doctrine
of imperial legislature she feels to be pernicious; the revenues and
monopolies annexed to it she has found to be untenable; she lost the =
power to enforce it; her enemies are a host, pouring upon her from all —
quarters of the earth; her armies are dispersed; the sea is not hers; she
has no minister, no ally, no admiral, none in whom she long confides, _
and no general whom she has not disgraced; the balance of her fate is in
the hands of Ireland; you are not only her last connection, you are the
only nation in Europe that is not her enemy. Besides, there does, of late,
a certain damp and spurious supineness overcast her arms and councils,
miraculous as that vigour which has lately inspirited yours — for with |
you everything i is the reverse; never was there a Parliament in Ireland so
possessed of the confidence of the people; you are the greatest political =
assembly now sitting in the world; you are at the head of an immense _
army; not do we only possess an unconquerable force, but a certain

 

 

 

 
388 Grattan: ‘The breath of liberty’
eee ee ea ge ee ee ee

 

 

admire it; where do you find a nation who, upon whatever concerns the
rights of mankind, expresses herself with more truth or force, Petspicuity
or justice? not the set phrase of scholastic men, not the tame unreality o¢
court addresses, not the vulgar raving of a rabble, but the genuine
speech of liberty, and the unsophisticated oratory of a free nation,
See her military ardour, expressed, not only in forty thousand men,
conducted by instinct as they were raised by inspiration, but manifested
in the zeal and promptitude of every young member of the growing
community. Let corruption tremble; let the enemy, foreign or domestic,
tremble; but let the friends of liberty rejoice at these means of safety and
this hout of redemption. Yes; there does exist an enlightened sense of
tights, a young appetite for freedom, a solid strength, and a rapid fire,
which not only put a declaration of right within your power, but put it
out of your power to decline one. Eighteen counties are at your bar;
they stand there with the compact of Henry, with the charter of John, —
and with all the passions of the people. ‘Our lives are at your setvice,
- _ but our liberties — we received them from God; we will not resign them
S to man.’ ... The people of that country [Great Britain] are now waiting
to hear the Parliament of Ireland speak on the subject of their liberty; it
| begins to be made a question in England whether the principal persons
| wish to be free; it was the delicacy of former Parliaments to be silent on
_ the subject of commercial restrictions, lest they should show a knowledge
- of the fact, and not a sense of the violation; you have spoken out, you
have shown a knowledge of the fact, and not a sense of the violation. a
On the contrary, you have returned thanks for a partial repeal made
ona principle of power; you have returned thanks as for a favour, and
your exultation has brought your charters, as well as your spirit, into
question, and tends to shake to her foundation your title to liberty; thus -
you do not leave your rights where you found them. You have done too —
“much not to do more; you have gone too far not to go on; you have s
_ brought yourselves into that situation in which you must silently abdicate :
_ the rights of your country, or publicly restore. them. It is very true you —
_ may feed your manufacturers, and landed gentlemen may get their rents, —
and you may export woollen, and may load a vessel with baize, serges,
= and kerseys, and you may bring back again directly from the plantations —
Sugar, indigo, specklewood, beetle root, and panelas. But liberty, sp
fo ndation of trade, the charters of the land, the independency of
__ Parliament, the securing, crowning, and the consummation of everything
yet to come. Without them the work is imperfect, the foundation §
hg, the capital is wanting, trade is not free, Ireland is a O°

a

 
 
  
  
 
 
   
    
  
  
  
  
  
     
  

 

   
 
      
   

   
    
Grattan: ‘The breath of liberty 389

 

without the benefit of a charter, and you are a provincial synod without
the privileges of a Parliament...

There is no policy left for Great Britain but to cherish the remains of

her Empire, and do justice to a country who is determined to do justice

to herself, certain that she gives nothing equal to what she received from
us when we gave her Ireland.

With regard to this country, England must resort to the free principles
of government, and must forgo that legislative power which she has
exercised to do mischief to herself; she must go back to freedom, which,
as it is the foundation of her Constitution, so it is the main pillar of her
empire; it is not merely the connection of the Crown, it is a constitutional
_ annexation, an alliance of liberty, which is the true meaning and mystery
___ Of the sisterhood, and will make both countries one arm and one soul,
_ feplenishing from time to time, in their immortal connection, the vital
Spirit of law and liberty from the lamp of each other’s light. Thus —
combined by the ties of common interest, equal trade, and equal liberty,
the constitution of both countries may become immortal, a new and
milder empire may arise from the errors of the old, and the British
nation assume once more her natural station—the head of mankind.
_ That there are precedents against us I allow — acts of power I would —
call them, not precedent; and I answer the English pleading such
_ ptecedents, as they answered their kings when they urged precedents
against the liberty of England: such things are the weakness of the times:
e the tyranny of one side, the feebleness of the other, the law of neither;
we will not be bound by them; or rather, in the words of the Declaration
of Right: ‘No doing judgement, proceeding, or anywise to the contrary,
shall be brought into precedent or example.’ Do not then tolerate a
be power — the power of the British Parliament over this land, which has —
no foundation in utility or necessity, or empire, or the laws of England,
or the laws of Ireland, or the laws of nature, or the laws of God — do
not suffer it to have a duration in your mind. 3 =r
Do not tolerate that power which blasted you for a century, that _

_ power which shattered your loom, banished your manufacturers, dishon- _
__ oured your peerage, and stopped the growth of your people; do not, 1

say, be bribed by an export of woollen, or an import of sugar, and

_ permit that power which has thus withered the land to remain in your _
country and have existence in your pusillanimity.

 

oid

a zee

Cae ea

  

 

   

 
390 Grattan: “The breath of liberty’
Se a ae ae |

Parliament; neither imagine that, by any formation of apology, you can
palliate such a commission to your hearts, still less to your children, who
will sting you with their curses in your grave for having interposed
between them and their Maker, robbing them of an immense occasion,
and losing an opportunity which you did not create and can never
restore.

Hereafter, when these things shall be history, your age of thraldom
and poverty, your sudden resurrection, commercial redress, and miracu-
lous armament, shall the historian stop at liberty, and observe — that
here the principal men among us fell into mimic trances of gratitude —
they were awed by a weak ministry, and bribed by an empty treasury —

- and when liberty was within their grasp, and the temple opened her
| folding doors, and the arms of the people clanged, and the zeal of the
nation urged and encouraged them on, that they fell down, and were

___ prostituted at the threshold?

: I might, as a constituent, come to your bar, and demand my liberty. I
do call upon you, by the laws of the land and their violation, by the
instruction of eighteen counties, by the arms, inspiration, and providence

| of the present moment, tell us the rule by which we shall go — assert the

_ law of Ireland — declare the liberty of the land.

_ I will not be answered by a public lie in the shape of an amendment;

“neither, speaking for the subject’s freedom, am I to hear of faction. I

wish for nothing but to breathe, in this our island, in common with my

_ fellow subjects, the air of liberty. I have no ambition, unless it be the

ambition to break your chain and contemplate your glory. I never will

be satisfied so long as the meanest cottager in Ireland has a link of the a

British chain clanking to his rags; he may be naked, he shall not be in

iron; and I do see the time is at hand, the spirit is gone forth, the

declaration is planted; and though great men shall apostatize, yet the
cause will live; and though the public speaker should die, yet the

‘immortal fire shall outlast the organ which conveyed it, and the breath

of liberty, like the word of the holy man, will not ais with the prophets

: but sutvive him, | ie

I shall move you, oT hat the King’s most excellent Maiearys and the

| “Lorde and Commons of Ireland, are the only power nce eae to mal eis
laws to bind Ireland. : = 2 eres

 

 
  
 
 
 
 
  
  
  
     
  
 
 
   
   
 

   
  
  
  
    
  
 
   
 
   

Ube motion was lost.
you have proceeded until the whole faculty of the nation is braced ups to

Ee mit to posterity insignificance and war..

= jarring elements of your country into a nation. You had not ‘the

Grattan: ‘A free people’ 391

 

HENRY GRATTAN
16 April 1782

A * free people’

Two years later, again on a motion from Henry Grattan, the Irish Parhament
was summoned to debate Irish rights — but on the advice a Charles see Fox the
_ King had already yielded. — ae . rome
There was great excitement in Dublin. on the day of phe debate. Tie streets were

lined with volunteer regiments. Grattan’ 5 address was carried without a dissenting
voice in either House. es Fee | |

SI am now to addeecs a free people: ages a= passed away, and this i is the |
first moment in which you could be distinguished by that appellation. —

_ I have spoken on the subject of your liberty so often, that I Se

nothing to add, and have only to admire by what heaven- directed — e

 
   
 
 
 
 
  
  
 
   
   
  
 
   

the act of her own deliverance. Se Se ee ee
= found Ireland on her knees, I watthed over “ber with a _ paternal |
solicitude; I have traced her progress from injuries to arms, and from —
= arms to: liberty. Spirit of Swift! spirit of Molyneux! your genius has —
prevailed. Ireland is now a nation. In that new character I hail her, and

_ bowing to her august presence, I say, Esto perpetual | 7
She is no longer a wretched colony, returning deals. to her governor _ 2
ee his rapine, and to her king for his oppression; nor is she now a 4
squabbling, fretful sectary, perplexing: her little wits, and firing her —

: furious statutes with bigotry, ——— disabilities, and death, to trans- : 3

wee You, with difficulties - innumerab not v, have don
“what your ancestors wished, but could ‘not accomplish; and what your
‘posterity may preserve, but will never equal; you. have moulded the —

a which ‘were common to other great countries: no monuments,

fo trophies, none of those outward and visible signs of escinest 4
as inspire, mankind and connect the ambition of the a
392 Curran: ‘Universal emancipation’

a ath ee

the crowd, and spread to the living the language of integrity and
freedom.

Your historians did not supply the want of monuments; on the
contrary, these narrators of your misfortunes, who should have felt fo,
your wrongs, and have punished your oppressors with oppressions
natural scourges, the moral indignation of history, compromised with
public villainy and trembled; they excited your violence, they suppressed _
yout provocation, and wrote in the chain which entrammelled their
country. Iam come to break that chain, and I congratulate my country,
who, without any of the advantages I speak of, going forth, as it were,

with nothing but a stone and a sling, and what oppression could not
_ take away, the favour of Heaven, accomplished her own redemption,
—— — left you nothing to add and everything to admire.

 

Sag. act giving Ireland its freedom was passed by both British Houses fa #

ie Parliament a month later. ”

    
   
    
   
      
    

 

JOHN PHILPOT CURRAN
| 29 January 1794

‘Unwwersal a :

A Archibald Lamilien. Rowan was raed ‘6 signing an appeal to the Volun- — “!
E = who were favouring revolutionary France, after Dublin C astle had issued a—
_ proclamation for repressing seditious associations. John Philpot Curran’s defence
of Rowan was later described by Alfred Brougham, the ee a= as so é
reatest speech in ancient or modern times. pe, :
The famous passage on universal emancipation : was oe asa fin specimen f !
: climacteric cme a a a Ar merican i sien ‘As settee?

  

  
    
 
     

   

Ger dlemen, the representation of. our people is the vital principle of
| political existence; without it they are dead, or they live only to serv!
without it there are two estates acting upon and a

Hn pe ce

beth of acting in sooprreaee with ig without" ts ‘if the

  
Curran: ‘Universa/ emancipation’ 393
——— a ree

oppressed by their judges, where is the tribunal to which the judges can
be amenable? without it, if they are trampled upon and plundered by a
minister, where is the tribunal to which the offender shall be amenable;
without it, where is the ear to hear, or the heart to feel, or the hand to
redress their sufferings? Shall they be found, let me ask you, in the
accursed bands of imps and minions that bask in their disgrace, and
fatten upon their spoils, and flourish upon their ruin? But let me not put
this to you as a merely speculative question. It is a plain question of fact:
rely upon it, physical man is everywhere the same; it is only the various
operations of moral causes that gives variety to the social or individual

looks quietly at the despot, on the vety spot where Leonidas expired?
The answer is Sparta has not changed her climate, but she has lost that
government which her liberty could not survive.

I call you, therefore, to a plain question of fact. This paper recom-
mends a reform in Parliament, I put that question to your consciences; _
do you think it needs that reform? I put it boldly and fairly to you, do

you think the people of Ireland are represented as they ought to be? Do _
you hesitate for an answer? If you do, let me remind you, that until last |
year, three millions of your countrymen have by the express letter of
the law, been excluded from the reality of actual, and even from the ©
phantom of virtual representation. Shall we then be told that this is the —
affirmation of a wicked and seditious incendiary? If you do not feel
the mockery of such a charge, look at your country; in what state do you

_ find it? Is it in a state of tranquillity and general satisfaction? These are
_ traces by which good are ever to be distinguished from bad governments,
without any very minute inquiry or speculative refinement. Do you feel
‘that a veneration for the law, a pious and humble attachment to the
Constitution, form the political morality of the people? Do you find that
comfort and competency among your people which are always to be
found where a government ‘is mild and moderate, where taxes are
imposed by a body who have an interest in treating the poorer orders _
with compassion, and preventing the weight of taxation from pressing _
sore upon them?... x ic 3

_ This paper, gentlemen, insists upon the necessity of emancipating the
Catholics of Ireland, and that is charged as part of the libel. If they had

_ Waited another year, if they had kept this prosecution impending for _
another year, how much would remain for a jury to decide upon I
_ Should be at a loss to discover. It seems as if the progress of public
___ information was eating away the ground of the prosecution, this part «

 

 
394 Curran: “Universal emancipation’

ity ae eer ete a teeta enn a ee ee ae a oe age naar entail ae

 

the libel has unluckily received the sanction of the legislature. In that
interval our Catholic brethren have obtained that admission, which, it

seems, it was a libel to propose; in what way to account for this, I am
really at a loss. Have any alarms been occasioned by the emancipation of
our Catholic brethren? Has the bigoted malignity of any individual been
crushed? or has the stability of the government, or that of the country
been weakened; or is one million of subjects stronger than four millions?
Do you think that the benefit they received should be poisoned by the
sting of vengeance? If you think so, you must say to them — ‘You have
demanded emancipation, and you have got it; but we abhor your
_ petsons, we ate outraged at your success, and we will stigmatize by
ctiminal prosecution the adviser of that relief which you have obtained
_ from the voice of your country.’ I ask you, do you think, as honest men,
anxious for the public tranquillity, conscious that there are wounds not
yet completely cicatrized, that you ought to speak this language at this
time, to men who are too much disposed to think that in this very

— they have been saved from their own Parliament by the
“humanity of their sovereign? —

~ Or do you wish to prepare them for the revocation of these

{ provident concessions? Do you think it wise or humane at this

_ moment to insult them, by sticking up in a pillory the man who dared to

| stand forth as their advocate? I put it to your oaths; do you think that a

Et lessing of that kind, that a victory obtained by justice over bigotry and

E oppression, should have a stigma cast upon it by an ignominious

~ sentence upon men bold and honest enough to propose that measure? to ©

_ propose the redeeming of religion from the abuses of the church, the

: E reclaiming of three millions of men from bondage, and giving liberty to -

_ all who had a right to demand it; giving I say, in the so much censured —

Prods of this paper, giving ‘universal emancipation!’ I speak in the

“spirit of the British law, which makes liberty commensurate with and |

= inseparable from British soil; which proclaims even to the stranger and

~ sojourner, the moment he sets his foot upon British earth, that the —

- ground on which he treads is holy, and consecrated by the genius of i

universal emancipation. No matter in what language his doom —
may have been pronounced; no matter what complexion incompatible _
with freedom, an Indian or an African sun may have burnt —e him;

— matter in what disastrous battle his liberty may have’ OA
2 = down; no matter with what solemnities he may have been a vc ‘oted upon
= =. aloe of passe the ater moment he soe the ats cred st

 
 
  
 
  
  
   
  
   
  
   
 

 
Tone: ‘Whatever be the sentence of the court, | am prepared for it’ — 393

ne

in her own majesty; his body swells beyond the measure of his chains,
that burst from around him; and he stands redeemed, regenerated, and —
disenthralled, by the irresistible genius of universal emancipation,

WOLFE TONE
10 November 1798

‘Whatever be the sentence of the court, I am prepared for it’

Although he was a Protestant, Wolfe Tone (1763-98) organized a Catholic
convention in Dublin in 1792 which persuaded the Irish parliament to pass the
Catholic Relief Act, giving Catholics the vote on the same terms as Protestants a
year later. He was forced into exile in 1794 during the French revolutionary wars
and sought the help of France to overthrow the British in Ireland.

Al French invasion expedition with forty-three ships, 15,000 men and Tone as
adjutant was sent to Ireland in 1796 but was split up by storms and returned
home. Iwo years later, the Irish rebellion gave Tone another opportunity but a
small French force of 3,000 men was intercepted by the British off Donegal. Tone
hoped to pass as a French officer but was betrayed by a former fellow-student. He
made this proud, defiant speech to his court-martial. — | eS

I mean not to give you the trouble of bringing judicial proof to convict
me legally of having acted in hostility to the government of his Britannic
Majesty in Ireland. I admit the fact. From my earliest youth I have
regarded the connection between Great Britain and Ireland as the curse
of the Irish nation, and felt convinced that, whilst it lasted, this country
could never be free nor happy. My mind has been confirmed in this
opinion by the experience of every succeeding year, and the conclusions
which I have drawn from every fact before my eyes. In consequence, I
was determined to employ all the powers which my individual efforts
_ could move, in order to separate the two countries. That Ireland was not _
able of herself to throw off the yoke, I knew; I therefore sought for aid
_ Wherever it was to be found. In honourable poverty I rejected offers
- which, to a man in my circumstances, might be considered highly
advantageous. I remained faithful to what I thought the cause of my. =
_ eountry, and sought in the French Republic an ally to rescue three
_ millionsofmy countrymen, a eh
_ I believe there is nothing in what remains for me to say which can — >

 

 
396 Tone: ‘Whatever be the sentence of the court, | am prepared for it’

ee ee ee eee
give any offence; I mean to express my feelings and gratitude towards
the Catholic body, in whose cause I was engaged. I have laboured to

create a people in Ireland by raising three millions of my countrymen to
the rank of citizens. I have laboured to abolish the infernal spirit o¢

religious persecution, by uniting the Catholics and Dissenters. To the
former I owe more than ever can be repaid. The services I was gg
fortunate as to tender them they rewarded munificently; but they did
more: when the public cry was raised against me — when the friends of
my youth swarmed off and left me alone — the Catholics did not desert
me; they had the virtue even to sacrifice their own interests to a rigid
principle of honour; they refused, though strongly urged, to disgrace a
man who, whatever his conduct towards the government might have
been, had faithfully and conscientiously discharged his duty towards
them; and in so doing, though it was in my own case, I will say they
showed an instance of public virtue of which I know not whether there
exists another example. ; ;
_ JT shall, then, confine myself to some points relative to my connection
- with the French army. Attached to no party in the French Republic — _
without interest, without money, without intrigue — the openness and -
: : integrity of my views raised me to a high and confidential rank in its — 2
| _atmies. I obtained the confidence of the Executive Directory, the approba- _
| tion of my generals, and I will venture to add, the esteem and affection —
| of my brave comrades. When I review these circumstances, I feel a secret
__ and internal consolation which no reverse of fortune, no sentence in the Z
_ power of this court to inflict, can deprive me of, or weaken in any
_ degree. Under the flag of the French Republic I originally engaged with
_ a view to save and liberate my own country. For that purpose I have
, encountered the chances of war amongst strangers; for that purpose] _
_ tepeatedly braved the terrors of the ocean covered, as I knew it to be,
_ with the triumphant fleets of that power which it was my glory and my —
_ duty to oppose. I have sacrificed all my views in life; I have courted
poverty; I have left a beloved wife unprotected, and children whom I
_ adored, fatherless. After such a sacrifice, in a cause which I have alw:
considered — conscientiously considered — as the cause of justice an
freedom, it is no great effort at this day, to add the sacrifice of my li
But I hear it said that this unfortunate country has been-a prey
sorts of horrors. | sincerely lament it. I beg, however, it m
_ temembered that I have been absent four years from Ireland.
_ these sufferings can never be attributed. I designed by fair and op
_ © procure the separation of the two countries. For open wat I

  
 
  
 
   
    
   
 
 
   
   
Grattan: “Thou art not conquered’ | 397
a a eee ee

prepared, but instead of that a system of private assassination has taken
place. I repeat, whilst I deplore it, that it is not chargeable on me.
Atrocities, it seems, have been committed on both sides. I do not less

deplore them. I detest them from my heart; and to those who know my
character and sentiments I may safely appeal for the truth of this
assertion; with them I need no justification. In a case like this success is
everything. Success, in the eyes of the vulgar, fixes its merits. Washington
succeeded, and Kosciusko* failed. After a combat nobly sustained — a
combat which would have excited the respect and sympathy of a
generous enemy — my fate has been to become a prisoner to the eternal
disgrace of those who gave the orders. I was brought here in irons like a
felon. I mention this for the sake of others; for me, I am indifferent to it.
I am aware of the fate which awaits me, and scorn equally the tone of
complaint and that of supplication. As to the connection between this
country and Great Britain, I repeat it — all that has been imputed to me
(words, writings, and actions), I here deliberately avow. I have spoken
and acted with reflection and on principle, and am ready to meet the
consequences. Whatever be the sentence of the court I am prepared for

it. Its members will surely discharge their duty — I shall take care not to
be wanting in mine.

Wolfe Tone was condemned to the scaffold but committed suicide before bis
execution could take place. | oe

HENRY GRATTAN
26 May 1800 —

   

‘Thou art not conquered’
One of Henry Grattan’s most electric Speeches — made against the Union — was —
delivered when he was prostrated with disease and so feeble that he could not walk
without help. — aes

The Constitution may for a time be so lost; the character of the country

* The polish soldier and patriot Tadeusz Kosciusko (1746-1817) led an uprising against

 

the Russians but was taken prisoner in 1794,

 
Bp 7 nh aa_—_

398 Grattan: ‘Thou art not conquered’

oe

cannot be so lost. The ministers of the Crown will, or may, perhaps, at
length find that it is not so easy to put down for ever an ancient and
respectable nation, by abilities, however great, and by power and by
corruption, however irresistible. Liberty may repair her golden beams,
and with redoubled heat animate the country: the cry of loyalty will not
long continue against the principles of liberty; loyalty is a noble, 4
judicious and a capacious principle, but in these countries loyalty,
distinct from liberty, is corruption, not loyalty.
_ The cry of the connection will not, in the end, avail against the
principles of liberty. Connection is a wise and a profound policy; but
connection without an Irish Parliament is connection without its own

_ pftinciple, without analogy of condition, without the pride of honour
= that should attend it; is innovation, is peril, is subjugation — not
connection. 3 | 3
| The cry of disaffection will not, in the end, avail against the principles
of liberty.

._ Identification isa solid and imperial maxim, necessary for the preserva-
tion of freedom, necessary for that of empire; but, without union of
| hearts — with a separate government — and without a separate Parliament,
_ identification is extinction, is dishonour, is conquest — not identification.
; Yet I do not give up the country. I see her in a swoon, but she is not
_ dead. Though in her tomb she lies helpless and motionless, still there is
_ on her lips a spirit of life, and on her cheek a glow of beauty —

 
    
 

Thou art not conquered; beauty’s ensign yet
Is crimson in thy lips and in thy cheeks, __
And death’s pale flag is not advanced there.

While a plank of the vessel sticks together, I will not leave her. Let the
courtier present his flimsy sail, and carry the light bark of his faith, with
every new breath of wind. I will remain anchored here, with fidelity to
the fortune of my country, faithful to her freedom, faithful to het fall.

 
Emmet: ‘/ ie going to my cold and silent grave’ 399.

ROBERT EMMET
19 September 1803

‘Lam going to my cold and silent grave’

As soon as he had left Trinity College, Dublin, Robert Emmet (1778-1803)
travelled on the Continent, seeking help for the Irish cause and interviewing
Napoteon and Talleyrand in 1802. He returned to Ireland in 1803 to spend his
£3,000 fortune on muskets and pikes and plotted to seize Dublin Castle. The
uprising failed. Emmet escaped but was captured when he returned from his hiding
place in the Wicklow mountains to say farewell to his sweetheart, Sarah Curran.

His trial at Green Street courthouse lasted from early morning until ten o'clock
at night. The jury did not leave their box and found him guilty. When asked —
whether he had anything to say before sentence of death was pronounced upon him,
he delivered this defiant speech. 7

I am asked what have I to say why sentence of death should not be —
pronounced on me, according to law. I have nothing to say that can
_ alter your predetermination, nor that it will become me to say, with any —
view to the mitigation of that sentence which you are to pronounce, and
I must abide by. But I have that to say which interests me more than
life, and which you have laboured to destroy. I have much to say why
my reputation should be rescued from the load of false accusation and
calumny which has been cast upon it. I do not imagine that, seated
_ where you are, your mind can be so free from prejudice as to receive the
least impression from what I am going to utter. I have no hopes that I
can anchor my character in the breast of a court constituted and
teattimadlied=as. is iesoaee ee _
I only wish — and that is the utmost that I expect — that your lordships :
may suffer it to float down your memories untainted by the foul breath _
of prejudice, until it finds some more hospitable harbour to shelter it
from the storms by which it is buffeted. Were I only to suffer death, —
after being adjudged guilty by your tribunal, I should bow in silence, —
and meet the fate that awaits me without a murmur; but the sentence of _
the law which delivers my body to the executioner will, through the —
ministry of the law, labour in its own vindication to consign my —
character Oe obloquy; for there must be guilt somewhere; whether in the
Sentence of the court, or in the catastrophe, time must determine. A man_

 

 
400 Emmet: ‘I am going to my cold and silent grave’
as

 
  
   
  
   
 
  
  
  
   
   
 
   
   
  
   
 
 
  
  
  
   
  
   
    

in my situation has not only to encounter the difficulties of fortune, and
the force of power over minds which it has corrupted or subjugated, but
the difficulties of established prejudice. ‘The man dies, but his memory
lives. That mine may not perish, that it may live in the respect of my
countrymen, I seize upon this opportunity to vindicate myself fror 4
some of the charges alleged against me. When my spirit shall be wafted
to a more friendly port — when my shade shall have joined the bands of —
those martyred heroes who have shed their blood on the scaffold and ip
the field, in the defence of their country and of virtue, this is my hope: I
wish that my memory and my name may animate those who survive me,
while I look down with complacency on the destruction of that perfidious
government which upholds its domination by blasphemy of the Most —
High; which displays its power over man as over the beasts of the forest;

which sets man upon his brother, and lifts his hand, in the name of God, -
against the throat of his fellow who believes or doubts a little more or a_

little less than the government standard — a government which is steeled -
to barbarity by the cries of the orphans and the tears of the widows it

_ has made.
I appeal to the immaculate God — I swear by the throne of Heaven,

before which I must shortly appear — by the blood of the murdered
_ patriots who have gone before me — that my conduct has been, through —
; all this peril, and through all my purposes, governed only by the
_ conviction which I have uttered, and by no other view than that of '
_ emancipation of my country from the super-inhuman oppression unc
: which she has so long and too patiently travailed; and I confidently ho
that, wild and chimerical as it may appear, there is still union and
strength in Ireland to accomplish this noblest of enterprises. Of this
_ speak with the confidence of intimate knowledge, and with the consola:
tion that appertains to that confidence. Think not, my lords, I say thi:
m .f6r the petty, gratification of giving you a transitory uneasiness. A ma
who never yet raised his voice to assett a lie will not hazard his charac

with posterity by asserting a falsehood on a subject so important to. hi
country, and on an occasion like this. Yes, my lords, a man who de

not wish to have his epitaph written until his’ country is liberated will,
not leave a weapon in the power of envy, ot a pretence to impeat

probity which he means to preserve, even in the Ens: to » which |
consigns him . : | |

ook have alwasis nndeesed it to be the as of a hate when a p
3 23 been convicted, to pronounce the sentence of the ane E

 
Emmet: ‘I am going to my cold and silent grave’ , 401

and to offer, with tender benignity, their opinions of the motives by.
which he was actuated in the crime of which he was adjudged guilty.
That a judge has thought it his duty as to have done, I have no doubt;
but where is the boasted freedom of your institutions — where is the
vaunted impartiality, clemency, and mildness of your courts of justice, if
an unfortunate prisoner, whom your policy, and not justice, is about to
deliver into the hands of the executioner, is not suffered to explain his
motives sincerely and truly, and to vindicate the principles by which he
was actuated? My lords, it may be a part of the system of angry justice to
bow a man’s mind by humiliation to the proposed ignominy of the
scaffold; but worse to me than the purposed shame or the scaffold’s
terrors would be the shame of such foul and unfounded imputations as
have been laid against me in this court. You, my lord, are a judge; I am
the supposed culprit. | am a man; you are a man also. By a revolution
of power we might change places, though we never could change
characters. If I stand at the bar of this court and dare not vindicate my —
character, what a farce is your justice! If I stand at this bar and dare not
vindicate my character, how date you calumniate it? Does the sentence
of death, which your unhallowed policy inflicts on my body, condemn
‘my tongue to silence and my reputation to reproach? Your executioner a
may abridge the period of my existence; but while I exist, I shall not |
forbear to vindicate my character and motives from your aspersions; 4
and, as a man, to whom fame is dearer than life, I will make the last use :
of that life in doing justice to that reputation which is to live after me, —
and which is the only legacy I can leave to those I honour and love, and 4
for whom I am proud to perish. -As men, my lords, we must appear on
the great day at one common tribunal; and it will then remain for the
Searcher of All Hearts to show a collective 1 universe who was engaged in
the most virtuous actions, or swayed: Pe the ‘purest motive — my
souneey's. oppressors, of a

‘Why did your lordships oe es Or Seger = insult faseieat in ©
demanding _ of me why sentence of death should not be pronounced —

against me? I know, my lords, that form prescribes that you should ask

     
 
 

‘a
-
4

 

= the question. The form also presents the right of answering. This, no _

_ doubt, may be dispensed with, and so might the whole ceremony of the _
trial, since sentence was already pronounced at the Castle before the jury

_ Was empanelled. Your lordships are but the priests of the oracle, sad I
= : soniats on the whole of the forms.

 
402 Emmet: ‘I am going to my cold and silent grave’
$$ eee

And is this the mode by which a tribunal of justice reconciles contradic.
tion? No; I am no emissary; and my ambition was to hold a place among
the deliverers of my country, not in pews? nor in profit, but in the glory
of the achievement. Sell my country’s independence to France! ang oe
what? Was it a change of masters? No, but for ambition. O my country!
was it personal ambition that could influence me? Had it been the soul
of my actions, could I not by my education and fortune, by the rank and
consideration of my family, have placed myself amongst the proudest of
your oppressors? My country was my idol! To it I sacrificed every selfish,
every endearing sentiment; and for it I now offer up myself, O God! No,
my lords; I acted as an Irishman, determined on delivering my country
from the yoke of a foreign and unrelenting tyranny, and the more
galling yoke of a domestic faction, which is its joint partner and
‘perpetrator in the patricide, from the ignominy existing with an exterior
_ of splendour and a conscious depravity. It was the wish of my heart to
extticate my country from this doubly riveted despotism — I wished to
: place her independence beyond the reach of any power on earth. I
wished to exalt her to that proud station in the world. Connection with
_ France was, indeed, intended, but only as far as mutual interest would
sanction or require. Were the French to assume any authority inconsistent
_ with the purest independence, it would be the signal for their destruction.
_ We sought their aid — and we sought it as we had assurance we should
3 obtain it — as auxiliaries in war, and allies in peace. Were the French to
- come as invaders or enemies, uninvited by the wishes of the people, I
_ should oppose them to the utmost of my strength. Yes! my countrymen,
- should advise you to meet them upon the beach with a sword in one
_ hand and a torch in the other. I would meet them with all the destructive
oe of war. I would animate my countrymen to immolate them in their
boats, before they had contaminated the soil of my country. If they
succeeded in landing, and if forced to retire before superior discipline, I
would dispute every inch of ground, burn every blade of gtass, and the
last entrenchment of liberty should be my gtave. What I could not do
myself, if I should fall, I should leave as a last charge to my countrymen
to accomplish; because I should feel conscious that life, any more than
death, is unprofitable when a foreign nation holds my country eee
ee SaBjEeLap. But it was not as an enemy that the succours of France were
_ to land. I looked, indeed, for the assistance of France; but I wished to

__ptove to France and to the world that Irishmen deserved to be 4 assisted

_ that they were indignant at slavery, and ready to assert the 1 inde a |

and liberty, of theit country. I wished” to pee ft ay count

   
 
 
 
 
     
 
 
  

   
  

 
Emmet: ‘I am going to my cold and silent grave’ 403

 

ET

ene

guarantee which Washington procured for America; to procure an aid
which, by its example, would be as important as its valour; disciplined,
gallant, pregnant with science and experience; that of a people who
would perceive the good, and polish the rough points of our character.
They would come to us as strangers, and leave us as friends, after
sharing in our perils and elevating our destiny. These were my objects:
not to receive new taskmasters, but to expel old tyrants. It was for these
ends I sought aid from France; because France, even as an enemy, could
not be more implacable than the enemy already in the bosom of my
country. eF
I have been charged with that importance in the emancipation of my —
country as to be considered the keystone of the combination of Irishmen;
or as your lordship expressed it, ‘the life and blood of the conspiracy’.
You do me honour overmuch; you have given to the subaltern all the
credit of a superior. There are men engaged in this conspiracy who are
not only superior to me, but even to your own conceptions of yourself,
my lord — men before the splendour of whose genius and virtues I _
should bow with respectful deference, and who would think themselves —
disgraced by shaking your bloodstained hand. ie a
What, my lord, shall you tell me, on the passage to the scaffold, which
that tyranny (of which you are only the intermediary executioner) has —
erected for my murder, that I am accountable for all the blood that has
been and will be shed in this struggle of the oppressed against the
oppressor — shall you tell me this, and must I be so very a slave as not to
repel it? I do not fear to approach the Omnipotent Judge to answer for
the conduct of my whole life; and am I to be appalled and falsified by a
mere remnant of mortality here? By you, too, although, if it were
possible to collect all the innocent blood that you have shed in your un-
hallowed ministry in one great reservoir, your lordship might swim in it,
Let no man dare, when I am dead, to charge me with dishonour; let
no man attaint my memory, by believing that I could have engaged in
any cause but that of my country’s liberty and independence; or that I _
could have become the pliant minion of power, in the oppression and
misery of my country. The proclamation of the provisional government 3
speaks for our views; no inference can be tortured from it to countenance _ Z
barbarity or debasement at home, or subjection, humiliation,
| from abroad. I would not have submitted to a foreign oppre
_— Same teason that I would resist the foreign and domestic o

 

 
   

or treachery —
ssor, for the —

ppressor. In

 
404 O’Connell: ‘The eternal right to freedom of conscience’

corpse. And am I, who lived but for my country, and who have
subjected myself to the dangers of the jealous and watchful oppressor,
_and the bondage of the grave, only to give my countrymen their rights,
and my country het independence — am I to be loaded with calumny,
and not suffered to resent it? No; God forbid!
If the spirits of the illustrious dead participate in the concerns and cares
of those who were dear to them in this transitory life, O, ever dear and
venerated shade of my departed father! look down with scrutiny upon the
conduct of your suffering son, and see if I have, even for a moment,
deviated from those principles of morality and patriotism which it was
_ your Cate to instil into my youthful mind, and for which I am now about
to offer up my life. My lords, you are impatient for the sacrifice. The blood
which you seek is not congealed by the artificial terrors which surround
_ your victim — it circulates warmly and unruffled through the channels
Shick God created for noble purposes, but which you are now bent to
destroy for purposes so grievous that they cry to heaven. Be yet patient! I
have but a few more words to say — 1 am going to my cold and silent grave
| —my lamp of life is nearly extinguished — my race is run — the grave opens
_ to receive me, and I sink into its bosom. I have but one request to ask at
my departure from this world; it is — the charity of its silence. Let no man
wtite my epitaph; for, as no man who knows my motives dares now
E vindicate them, let not prejudice or ignorance asperse them. Let them and —
_ me rest in obscurity and peace, and my tomb remain uninscribed, and my
E memory in oblivion, until other times and other men can do justice to my —
character. When my country takes her place among the nations of the |
earth, then, and not till then, let my epieeph be written. I have done.

   
 
    
     
 

 

; Ewmet was hanged fe then decapitated the next day.

    
 
  
  
   

fe DANIEL O’CONNELL
Rae “eee eS 1814

‘The eternal right to freedom 0 e conscience’

 

= 5 ee Hone eats became an old a pte man, i was Daniel
a tbe ibihater whe became the erator a ~ nati:

  
©’Connell: ‘The eternal right to freedom of conscience’ 405
ree eee

intact, defended the persecuted, and led the agitation for the rights of Catholics.
Roy Foster, the bistorian of Ir eland, describes him as the greatest leader of
Catholic Ireland.

In this speech, O'Connell, who was often accused of being too loyal to the British
Crown, offers England Ireland's help in return for concessions to Catholics,

As long as truth or justice can be supposed to influence man; as long as
man is admitted to be under the control of reason; so long must it be
prudent and wise to procure discussions on the sufferings and the rights
of the people of Ireland. Truth has proclaimed the treacherous iniquity
which deprived us of our chartered liberty; truth destroys the flimsy
pretext under which this iniquity is continued; truth exposes our merits
and our sufferings; whilst reason and justice combine to demonstrate
our right — the right of every human being to freedom of conscience — a
right without which every honest man must feel that to him, individually,
the protection of government is a mockery, and the restriction of penal
lawasacrilege. 3
Truth, reason and justice are our advocates; and even in England let
me tell you that those powerful advocates have some authority. They
are, it is true, more frequently resisted there than in most other countries; —
but yet they have some sway among the English at all times. Passion —
may confound and prejudice darken the English understanding; and 4
interested passion and hired ptejudice have been successfully employed q
against us at former periods; but the present season appears singularly
well calculated to aid the progress of our cause, and to advance the
attainment of our important objects. _ = :
I do not make the assertion lightly. I speak after Ae Gecaic- investiga-
tion, and from solemn conviction, my clear Opinion that we shall,
3 during the present session of Parliament, obtain a portion at least, if
not the entire, of our emancipation. We cannot fail, unless we are
disturbed in our course by those who gtaciously style themselves our _
friends, or ate betrayed by the treacherous machinations of part of our _
own body. ; :
SS as pies except feise friendship sed comeste treachery, fier
_ bodes success. The cause of man is in its great advance. Humanity has ©
been rescued from much of its thraldom. In the states of Europe, Where _
the iron despotism of the feudal system so long classed men into two-
__ Species — the hereditary masters and the perpetual slaves; when rank
% > ee the Place of merit, and to be humbly born operated as a .

 

 
a ait

406 O’Connell: ‘The eternal right to freedom of conscience’
Snead

natural station, and artificial distinctions have vanished before the force
of truth and the necessities of governors ..

It is a moment of glorious triumph to humanity; and even one
instance of liberty, freely conceded, makes compensation for a thousand
repetitions of the ordinary crimes of military monarchs. The crime jg
followed by its own punishment; but the great principle of the rights of
man establishes itself now on the broadest basis, and France and Germany
now set forth an example for England to imitate...

The cause of liberty has made, and is making, great progress in states
heretofore despotic. In all the countries in Europe, in which any portion
of freedom prevails, the liberty of conscience is complete. England
alone, of all the states pretending to be free, leaves shackles upon the
human mind; England alone, amongst free states, exhibits the absurd
claim of regulating belief by law, and forcing opinion by statute. Is it

- possible to conceive that this gross, this glaring, this iniquitous absurdity

can continue? Is it possible, too, to conceive that it can continue to

opetate, not against a small and powerless sect, but against the millions,
comprising the best strength, the most affluent energy of the empire? —a

_ strength and an energy daily increasing, and hourly appreciating their

= own importance. The present system, disavowed by liberalized Europe,

_ disclaimed by sound reason, abhorred by genuine religion, must soon —

and for ever be abolished. S :

_ Let it not be said that the princes of the Continent were forced by

necessity to give privileges to their subjects, and that England has

escaped from a similar fate. I admit that the necessity of procuring the —

_ support of the people was the mainspring of royal patriotism on the

Continent; but I totally deny that the ministers of England can dispense

with a similar support. The burdens of the war are permanent; the —

_ distresses occasioned by the peace are pressing; the financial system

_ tottering, and to be supported in profound peace only by a war taxation.

_ In the meantime, the resources of corruption are mightily diminished. —
Ministerial influence is necessarily diminished by one-half of the effective
force of indirect bribery; full two-thirds must be disbanded. Peculation —
and corruption must be put upon half pay, and no allowances. The —
ministry lose not only all those active partisans; those outrageous —

   
   

loyalists, who fattened on the public plunder during the seasons: of
_ Immense expenditure; but those very men will themselves swell the
_ tanks of the malcontents, and probably be the most violent in theif —

_ Opposition. They have no sweet consciousness to reward them in thet
< Present privations; and therefore they are likely to exhaust the bittern

 

    
= Se eae Se eee ey ene: Lee ee ee ee eg at al eo! ee

O’Connell: “The eternal right to freedom of conscience’ Bi?
ple ge a ee A ae Oe ear ae

of their souls on their late employers. Every cause conspires to render
this the period in which the ministry should have least inclination, least

interest, least power, to oppose the restoration of our rights and

liberties ...

There is further encouragement at this particular crisis. Dissension has
ceased in the Catholic body. Those who paralysed our efforts, and gave
our conduct the appearance and reality of weakness, and wavering, and
inconsistency, have all retired. Those who were ready to place the entire
of the Catholic feelings and dignity, and some of the Catholic religion
too, under the feet of every man who pleased to call himself our friend, —
and to prove himself our friend, by praising on every occasion, and
upon no occasion, the oppressors of the Catholics, and by abusing the
Catholics themselves; the men who would link the Catholic cause to this —
patron and to that, and sacrifice it at one time to the minister, and at —
another to the opposition, and make it this day the tool of one party,
and the next the instrument of another party; the men, in fine, who —
hoped to traffic upon our country and our religion — who would buy =
honours, and titles, and places, and pensions, at the price of the purity,
and dignity, and safety of the Catholic Church in Ireland; all those men
have, thank God, quitted us, I hope for ever. They have returned into — £
silence and secession, or have frankly or covertly gone overt to our —
enemies. I regret deeply and bitterly that they have carried with them —
some few who, like my Lord Fingal, entertain no other motives than =
those of purity and integrity, and who, like that noble lord, are merely

mistaken, —— — Ss =e SS

But I rejoice at this separation — I rejoice that they have left the
-Single-hearted, and the disinterested, and the indefatigable, and the
2 independent, and the numerous, and the sincere Catholics to work out

their emancipation unclogged, unshackled, and undismayed. They have
bestowed on us another bounty also — they have proclaimed the causes
of their secession — they have placed out of doubt the cause of the
diversions. It is not intemperance, for that we abandoned; it is not the
introduction of extraneous topics, for those we disclaimed: it is simply
and purely, veto or no veto — restriction or no restriction — no other
words; it is religion and principle that have divided us; thanks, many
thanks to the tardy and remote candour of the seceders, that has at_
length ‘written in large letters the cause of their secession — it is the
Catholic Church of Ireland — it is whether that Church shall continue a

tin

 

SS

independent of a Protestant ministry or not. We are for its independence =
_~ the seceders are for its dependence. | =

   
408 O’Connell: ‘The eternal right to freedom of conscience’

eee

Those ate our present prospects of success. First, man is elevated
from slavery almost everywhere, and human nature has become mote

dignified, and, I may say, more valuable. Secondly, England wants our
cordial support, and knows that she has only to secede to us justice in
otder to obtain our affectionate assistance. Thirdly, this is the season of
successful petition, and the very fashion of the times entitles our Petition
to succeed. Fourthly, the Catholic cause is disencumbered of hollow
friends and interested speculators. Add to all these the native ang
inherent strength of the principle of religious freedom and the inert
and accumulating weight of our wealth, our religion, and our numbers, and
where is the sluggard that shall dare to doubt our approaching success?

_ Besides, even our enemies must concede to us that we act from
_ principle, and from, principle only. We prove our sincerity when we
-_tefuse to make our emancipation a subject of traffic and barter, and ask
for telief only upon those grounds which, if once established, would
give to every other sect the tight to the same political immunity. All we
ask is ‘a clear stage and no favour’. We think the Catholic religion the
eae rationally consistent with the divine scheme of Christianity, and,
‘therefore, all we ask is that everybody should be left to his unbiased —
teason and judgement. If Protestants are equally sincere, why do they call
oe law, and the bribe, and the place, and the pension, in support of
their doctrines? Why do they fortify themselves behind pains, and—
3 penalties, and exclusions, and forfeitures? Ought not our Opponents to —
e feel that they degrade the sanctity of their religion when they call in the —
3 profane aid of temporal rewards and punishments, and that they proclaim

   
 
  
   
   
 
 
 
 

contend against it upon terms of equality, and by the weapons of teason —
nd argument, and penser in refusing us all we ask — ‘clear stage and —
MAG Tavent ae oe : Se Se oe
I close with conjuring the Catholics to persevere in their present :
eoutse a2 phe s = : os
Let us never tolerate the slightest intoad on the cea of our s
3 ancient, out holy Church. Let us never consent that she should be made
the hireling of the ministry. Our forefathers would have died, nay, they |
ees in hopeless slavery rather than consent to such degradation. = 26

Let us rest upon the barrier where they expired, or go back into
aves rather than forward into irreligion and disgrace! Let us also
advocate our cause on the two great principles — first, that of an etef
_ separation in spirituals between our Church and the State; secondly that
of the eternal right to freedom of conscience — a Light which, | it

 

 
    
 
   

ee
Sheil: ‘Men with starvation in their faces’ 409
Sa a at cel

 

with pride and pleasure, would exterminate the Inquisition in Spain and
bury in oblivion the bloody orange flag of dissension in Ireland!

RICHARD LALOR SHEIL
24 October 1828

‘Men with starvation in their faces’

The Irish dramatist Richard Lalor Sheil (1791-1851) helped Daniel O’ Connell
found the Catholic Association in 1825 and was one of the foremost champions of
Irish freedom and Catholic emancipation — the subject of his memorable speech to
a mass meeting at Penenden Heath in Kent. After the momentous Clare election,
in which O'Connell was elected but could not take his seat, the British government
began to consider Catholic emancipation. |
Protestants were alarmed and announced a mass meeting at Penenden Heath.
Sheil bought the freehold of a small area of the heath so that he could speak. A big
crowd of Catholic sympathizers turned up and there was uproar. Sheil’s supporters
included William Cobbett and Jeremy Bentham, who wrote: ‘So masterly a union
__ of logic and rhetoric as Mr Sheil’s speech scarcely have I ever beheld,’ ae
Sheil started with an impassioned denunciation of ‘calumniators of Catholicism’
and then asked what had been the result of gee Eee

You behold in iesds a Bester ee with wonderfal. iiraanigee
: agricultural and commercial — a resting-place for trade on its way to-
either hemisphere; indented with havens, watered by numerous rivers:

_ with a fortunate climate in which fertility is raised upon a rich soil, and
inhabited by a bold, intrepid, and, with all their faults, a generous and
enthusiastic people. Such is Ireland as God made her — what is Ireland as
you have made her? This fine country, swarming with a population the
most miserable in Europe, of whose wretchedness, if you are the.
authors, you are beginning to be the victims — the poisoned chalice is _
returned in its just circulation to your lips. Harvests the most abundant _
are reaped by men with starvation in their faces; all the great commercial _
facilities of the country are lost — the rivers that should circulate _
opulence, and turn the machinery of a thousand manufactures, flow to
the ocean without wafting a boat or turning a wheel ~ the wave breaks —
in solitude in the silent magnificence of deserted and shipless harbours.

    

In pate, 0 being. a source of wealth and t revenue to the es salt ¥

 
410 Sheil: ‘Men with starvation in their faces’
———————$—$—— eS

cannot defray its own expenses; her discontent costs millions of money;
she debilitates and endangers England. ‘he great mass of her population
ate alienated and dissociated from the state — the influence of the
constituted and legitimate authorities is gone; a strange, anomalous, anq
unexampled kind of government has sprung up, and exercises a despotic
sway; while the class, inferior in numbers, but accustomed to authority,
and infuriated at its loss, are thrown into formidable reaction — the mogt
ferocious passions rage from one extremity of the country to the other,
Hundreds and thousands of men, arrayed with badges, gather in the
south, and the smaller faction, with discipline and with arms, are
marshalled in the north — the country is like one vast magazine of
powder, which a spark might ignite into an explosion, and of which
_. England would not only feel, but, perhaps, never recover from the
___ shock. And is this state of things to be permitted to continue? It is only
== : requisite to present the question in order that all men should answer —
_ something must be done. What is to be done? Are you to re-enact the
Penal Code? Are you to deprive Catholics of their properties, to shut up
__ their schools, to drive them from the Bar, to strip them of the elective
| franchise, and reduce them to Egyptian bondage?
It is easy for some visionary in oppression, to imagine these things. In
the drunkenness of sacerdotal debauch, men have been found to give
_ vent to such sanguinary aspirations, and the teachers of the Gospel, the
_ ministers of a mild and merciful Redeemer, have uttered in the midst of —
_ their ferocious wassails, the bloody orison, that their country should be |
_ turned into one vast field of massacre, and that upon the pile of carnage _
the genius of Orange ascendancy should be enthroned. But these men _
ate maniacs in ferocity, whose appetites for blood you will scarcely —
undertake to satiate. You shrink ftom the extirpation of a whole people. _

 
 
  
  
 
   
   
  
   

fifty years directed your councils and conducted the business of this —
__ mighty empire, concurred in the opinion, that, without a concession of
__ the Catholic claims, nothing could be done for Ireland... But supposing —

_ that authority, that the coincidence of the wisest and of the best in
favour of Ireland was to be held in no account, consider how the —

religious disqualifications must necessarily operate. Can that be a wise
course of government which creates not an atistocracy of opulence, and
- tank, and talent, but an aristocracy in religion, and places seven milli

de

 
  
  
   
   
     
 

     
     

  
 

 

 

   

partiality, the flagitious bias, the sacril

Sheil: ‘Men with starvation in their faces’ 411
eel :

of people at the feet of a few hundred thousand? Try this fashion of
government by a very obvious test, and make the case your own. If a
few hundred thousand Presbyterians stood towards you in the relation
in which the Irish Protestants stand towards the Catholics, would you
endure it? Would you brook a system under which Episcopalians should
be rendered incapable of holding seats in the House of Commons,
should be excluded from sheriffships, and corporate offices, and from
the bench of justice, and from all the higher offices in the administration
of the law; and should be tried by none but Presbyterian juries, flushed
with the insolence of power and infuriated with all the ferocity of
passion? How would you brook the degradation which would arise from
such a system, and the scorn and contumelies which would flow from it?
Would you listen with patience to men who told you that there was no
grievance in all this — that your complaints were groundless, and that the
very tight of murmuring ought to be taken away? Are Irishmen and
Roman Catholics so differently constituted from yourselves, that they
are to behold nothing but blessings in a system which you would look
upon as an unendurable wrong? 3

Protestants and Englishmen, however debased you may deem our
country, believe me that we have enough of human nature left within us
— we have enough of the spirit of manhood, all Irishmen as we are, to
resent a usage of this kind. Its results are obvious. The nation is divided
into two castes. The powerful and the privileged few are patricians in
religion, and trample upon and despise the plebeian Christianity of the
millions who are laid prostrate at their feet. Every Protestant thinks
himself a Catholic’s better; and every Protestant feels himself the member
of a privileged corporation. Judges, sheriffs, crown counsel, crown

attorneys, juries, are Protestants to a man. What confidence can a

Cekalie beeen the administration of public justice? We have the
authority of an eminent Irish judge, the late Mr Fletcher, who declared

that, in the north, the Protestants were uniformly acquitted, and the
_ Catholics were as undeviatingly condemned. A body of armed Orange-
men fall upon and put to death a defenceless Catholic; they are put upon
their trial, and when they raise their eyes and look upon the jury, as they

are commanded to do, they see twelve of their brethren in massacre
empanelled for their trial; and, after this, I shall be told that all the evils

of Catholic disqualification lie in the disappointed longing of some
dozen gentlemen after the House of Commons. No; it is the ban, the

°pprobrium, the brand, the note and mark of dishonour, the scandalous
412 O’Connell: ‘We are eight millions, and you treat us thus’

$$

the monstrous and hydra-headed injustice, that constitute the Btand and
essential evils of the country. And you think it wonderful that we sh,
be indignant at all this.

 

uld

After Catholic emancipation, in 1830, Sheil became an MP, vice-president of the
Board of Trade in 1839, a privy councillor and Master of the Mint.

DANIEL O’CONNELL
1833

‘We are eight millions, and you treat us thus’

Z Daniel O’ Connell made this fierce speech to the House of Commons in 1833 when
it was debating the Irish Disturbances Bill.

Ido not rise to fawn or cringe to this House; I do not rise to supplicate
you to be merciful towards the nation to which I belong — towards a
nation which, though subject to England, yet is distinct from it. It is a
distinct nation; it has been treated as such by this country, as may be
_ proved by history, and by seven hundred years of tyranny. I call upon
| this House, as you value the liberty of England, not to allow the present
Ss nefarious bill to pass. In it are involved the liberties of England, the
a liberty of the press, and of every other institution dear to Englishmen.
____ Against the bill I protest in the name of the Irish people, and in the
_ face of heaven. I treat with scorn the puny and pitiful assertions that
‘grievances are not to be complained of, that our redress is not to be
_ agitated; for, in such cases, remonstrances cannot be too strong, agitation
cannot be too violent, to show to the world with what injustice our fait
claims are met, and under what tyranny the people suffer. 4
_ There are two frightful clauses in this bill. The one which does away
_ with trial by jury, and which I have called upon you to baptize; you call
it a court-martial — a mere nickname; I stigmatize it as a revolutionary ’
_ tribunal. What, in the name of heaven, is it, if it is not a revolutionary

‘e
- " vy

 
   
  
  
  

:

__ twibunal. Tt annihilates the trial by jury: it drives the judge off his beach
=a —the man who, from experience, could weigh the nice and delicate points a

pacts case — who could discriminate between the straightforward testimony
__ and the suborned evidence — who could see, plainly and readily, ™

    
    
     

_ justice or injustice of the accusation. It turns out this man who !s =
a es | eu dt p= oe ae
 

ee a ee ee es a ae

O’Connell: ‘Ireland shall be free’ ae Ai?
unshackled, unprejudiced = who has no previous opinions to control the
clear exercise of his duty. You do away with that which is more sacred
than the throne itself; that for which your king reigns, your Lords
deliberate, your Commons assemble.

If ever I doubted before of the success of our agitation for repeal, this
pill, this infamous bill, the way in which it has been received by the
House, the manner in which its opponents have been treated, the
personalities to which they have been subjected, the yells with which
one of them has this night been greeted — all these things dissipate my
doubts, and tell me of its complete and early triumph. Do you think
those yells will be forgotten? Do you suppose their echo will not reach
the plains of my injured and insulted country; that they will not be
whispered in her green valleys, and heard from her lofty hills? Oh! they
will be heard there; yes, and they will not be forgotten. The youth of
Ireland will bound with indignation; they will say, ‘We are eight
millions, and you treat us thus, as though we were no more to your
country than the Isle of Guernsey or Jersey!’

I have done my duty; I stand acquitted to my conscience and my _
country: I have opposed this measure throughout; and I now protest —
against it as harsh, oppressive, uncalled for, unjust, as establishing an
infamous precedent by retaliating crime against crime—as tyrannous, cruelly ==
and vindictively tyrannous. : |

- DANIEL O’CONNELL
ao 4 October 1843

Ireland shall be free!

When Daniel O’ Connell was elected MP for County Clare in 1828 he could not
take his seat because he was a Catholic. A year later, threatened by cwil war, the
Wellington government granted Catholic emancipation. At Westminster, O’Con-
nell built up his own party of Irish MPs and won reforms for Ireland, including a
national system of elementary education, a new Poor Law and the beginning of
municipal power for Catholics. They did not meet his ambitions, however, and in
1840 he founded the Repeal Association to end the Union and revived his mass
meetings. Thirty were held between March and A ugust.

_ The two most famous were at Tara, attended by a million people according to

The Times, and at Mullaghmast.

 
414 O’Connell: ‘Ireland shall be free’
a

At Mullaghmast, O'Connell was dressed in his robes of office as a Dublin
alderman and was presented with an antique Irish headdress by the sculptor Joby
Hogan. ‘Sir,’ he said, ‘I only regret that this cap ts not of gold.’ O’ Connel)
afterwards was known as Ireland’s uncrowned king. He then addressed a meeting

of 400,000.

At Mullaghmast (and I have chosen this for this obvious reason), we are
on the precise spot where English treachery — aye, and false Irish
treachery, too — consummated a massacre that has never been imitated,
save in the massacre of the Mamelukes by Mahomet Ali. It was necessary
to have Turks atrocious enough to commit a crime equal to that
perpetrated by Englishmen. But do not think that the massacre at
Mullaghmast was a question between Protestants and Catholics — it was
no such thing. The murdered persons were to be sure Catholics, but a
great number of the murderers were also Catholic and Irishmen, because
there were then, as well as now, many Catholics who were traitors to
Ireland. But we have now this advantage, that we may have many
honest Protestants joining us — joining us heartily in hand and heart, for
old Ireland and liberty. I thought this a fit and becoming spot to
celebrate, in the open day, our unanimity in declaring our determination
not to be misled by any treachery. Oh, my friends, I will keep you clear
of all treachery — there shall be no bargain, no compromise with
__ England — we shall take nothing but repeal, and a Parliament in College
_ Green. You will never, by my advice, confide in any false hopes they
hold out to you; never confide in anything coming from them, or cease
_ from your struggle, no matter what promise may be held to you, until
you hear me say I am satisfied; and I will tell you where I will say that —
e near the statue of King William, in College Green. No; we came here to
c express our determination to die to a man, if necessary, in the cause of
_ old Ireland. We came to take advice of each other, and, above all, I
believe you came here to take my advice. I can tell you I have the game
in my hand — I have the triumph secure — I have the repeal certain, if
_ you but obey my advice. | ee ee , :
. Iwill go slow — you must allow me to do so — but you will go sure.
_ No man shall find himself imprisoned or persecuted who follows my
_ advice. I have led you thus far in safety; I have swelled the multitude of
ar tepealers until they are identified with the entire population or nearly the
_ €ntite population of the land, for seven eighths of the Irish people af
__ flow enrolling themselves repealers. I don’t want more power; I have
OwES enough; and all I ask of you is to allow me to use it, I will go 08 |

    
  
 
  
 

 

 

 

 
F

eee

TMD EON Ne Se ERR ys Oe ee
ang ey a ss Bearer
‘

 

 

~ O’Connell: ‘Ireland shall be free’ 415
fe ee ge ee eres

quietly and slowly, but I will go on firmly, and with a certainty of
success. 1 am now arranging a plan for the formation of the Irish House

of Commons...
Among the nations of the earth, Ireland stands number one in the

physical strength of her sons and in the beauty and purity of her
daughters. Ireland, land of my forefathers, how my mind expands, and
my spirit walks abroad in something of majesty, when I contemplate the
high qualities, inestimable virtues, and true purity and piety and religious
fidelity of the inhabitants of your green fields and productive mountains.
Oh, what a scene surrounds us! It is not only the countless thousands of
brave and active and peaceable and religious men that are here assembled,
but nature herself has written her character with the finest beauty in the

_ verdant plains that surround us. Let any man run round the horizon with

his eye, and tell me if created nature ever produced anything so green
and so lovely, so undulating, so teeming with production. The richest
harvests that any land can produce are those reaped in Ireland; and then
here are the sweetest meadows, the greenest fields, the loftiest mountains,
the purest streams, the noblest rivers, the most capacious harbours — and
her water power is equal to turn the machinery of the whole world. :
_ Oh, my friends, it is a country worth fighting for — it is a country |

worth dying for; but above all, it is a country worth being tranquil,

— ence to those who are breaking the way, and trampling down the
barriers between you and your constitutional liberty, I will see every
‘man of you having a vote, and every man protected by the ballot from

determined, submissive, and docile for; disciplined as you are in obedi- :

the agent or landlord. I will see labour protected, and every title to
possession recognized, when you are industrious and honest. I will see

prosperity again throughout your land — the busy hum of the shuttle and

the tinkling of the smithy shall be heard again. We shall see the nailer
employed even until the middle of the night, and the carpenter covering

~ himself with his chips. I will see prosperity in all its gradations spreading
> throngh a happy, contented, teligious | land. I will hear the hymn of a

happy people go forth at sunrise to God i in praise of His mercies — and I
will see the evening sun set down amongst the uplifted hands of a
religious and free population. Every blessing that man can bestow and

 

_ feligion can confer upon the faithful heart shall spread throughout the .
land. ‘Stand by me Pie: with me — I will say be obedient to me, and
P= sales onal pen ee es | 2

 
416 Pearse: ‘Ireland unfree shall never be at peace’
eee

O’Connell, an action which ruined his reputation with many of bis supporters, wh
broke away and founded the violent Young Ireland movement. He died a bropey
man in Genoa in 1847 on his way to Rome.

PATRICK PEARSE
1 August 1915

‘Ireland unfree shall never be at peace’

Patrick Pearse (1879-1916) was a founder member of the Irish Volunteers and
was inducted into the Irish Republican Brotherhood in 1913. His panegyric at the
7 graveside of O’ Donovan Rossa was the apogee of his oratorical career and part of
_a carefully prepared campaign in the year leading up to the Easter Rising.
Rossa, one of the most bitter but also most courageous of the old Fenians, had
<= died after a long illness in America and was to be buried at Glasnevin Cemetery in
_ Dublin. The funeral was arranged as a propaganda exercise and there were
hundreds of thousands at Glasnevin.
It was Pearse’s greatest test and he rose to the occasion with a speech which was

bis masterpiece. In bis idealization of Rossa, Pearse sketched himself and heralded
; _ the approaching revolution. His peroration was at ees z the British in
Dublin Castle. 3 |

The souvenir of the Sera ia ‘Cold, hi Gelert print cannot convey even an idea

. = the depth and intensity of feeling in which his words were couched. Calm and
’ deliberate, in soft yet thrilling accents, bis oration was almost sublime. Here was

no rhetoric, no mathematical oratory; it was the soul of a patriot breathing words

of love and devotion, of hope and truth and courage, no threnody, but a ese of
triumph such as mee have come Bs out of the tomb yy oui we were...

  
  
  
   
    
  
     
   

“it eae scemned tight, before we turn away fom this place § in which ¥ we
have laid the mortal remains of 0” Donovan Rossa, that one among us
s should, in the name of all, speak the praise of that valiant man, and
endeavour to formulate the thought and the hope that are in us as we
___ Stand around his grave. And if there is anything that makes it fitting that
at -I, rather than some other, I rather than one of the grey-haired men who
were young with him and shared in his labour and in his es
= _ should speak here, it is perhaps that I may be taken as speaking on
___ behalf of a new generation that has been rebaptized | in the Fenian faith,

ae

and 1 ‘that has accepted the responsibility of Sars: out the Fenian

 
 

eet oe:

:

Pearse: ‘Ireland unfree shall never be at peace’ 417
Cee ce Re ee I aa eee ea ee

programme. I propose to you then that, here by the grave of this
unrepentant Fenian, we renew our baptismal vows; that, here by the
grave of this unconquered and unconquerable man, we ask of God, each
one for himself, such unshakeable purpose, such high and gallant courage,
such unbreakable strength of soul as belonged to O’Donovan Rossa.
Deliberately hete we avow ourselves, as he avowed himself in the
dock, Irishmen of one allegiance only. We of the Irish Volunteers, and
you others who ate associated with us in today’s task and duty, are
bound together and must stand together henceforth in brotherly union
for the achievement of the freedom of Ireland. And we know only one
definition of freedom: it is Tone’s definition, it is Mitchel’s definition, it
is Rossa’s definition. Let no man blaspheme the cause that the dead
generations of Ireland served by giving it any other name and definition
than their name and their definition. | Se a
We stand at Rossa’s grave not in sadness but rather in exaltation of
spirit that it has been given to us to come thus into so close a :
communion with that brave and splendid Gael. Splendid and holy causes
ate served by men who are themselves splendid and holy. O’Donovan 2
Rossa was splendid in the proud manhood of him, splendid in the heroic —
grace of him, splendid in the Gaelic strength and clarity and truth of
him. And all that splendour and pride and strength was compatible with _
a humility and a simplicity of devotion to Ireland, to all that was olden —
and beautiful and Gaelic in Ireland, the holiness and simplicity of —
patriotism of a Michael O’Clery or of an Eoghan O’Growney. The clear

_ true eyes of this man almost alone in his day visioned Ireland as we of

today would surely have her: not free merely, but Gaelic as well; not

F | Gaelic merely, but free as well.

In a closer spiritual communion with him now than ever before or
perhaps ever again, in a spiritual communion with those of his day,
living and dead, who suffered with him in English prisons, in commun-
ion of spirit too with our own dear comrades who suffer in English
Ptisons today, and speaking on their behalf as well as our own, we
pledge to Ireland out love, and we pledge to English rule in Ireland our |
hate. This is a place of peace, sacred to the dead, where men should
Speak with all charity and with all restraint; but I hold it a Christian
thing, as O’Donovan Rossa held it, to hate evil, to hate untruth, to hate
®PPression, and, hating them, to strive to overthrow them. Our foes are
‘trong and wise and wary but, strong and wise and wary as they arte,
they cannot undo the miracles of God who ripens in the hearts of young

__ men the seeds sown by the young men of a former generation. And the —

 
418 Casement: ‘In Ireland alone, in this twentieth century, is loyalty a crim

seeds sown by the young men of ’65 and ’67 are comin
miraculous ripening today. Rulers and Defenders of Realms had need t
be wary if they would guard against such processes. Life Springs Be
death; and from the graves of patriot men and women spring livin
nations. The Defenders of this Realm have worked well in secret and ; .
the open. They think that they have pacified Ireland. They thin, that
they have purchased half of us and intimidated the other half. They

think that they have foreseen everything, think that they have Provided
against everything; but the fools, the fools, the fools! — they have left y¢
our Fenian dead, and while Ireland holds these graves, Ireland unfree
shall never be at peace.

4G their

ROGER CASEMENT
1916

‘In Ireland alone, in this twentieth Rae
4s — held to ge a crime

= On his retirement from the British nai service in 19 11, Roger Casement —
became a fervent Irish nationalist. At the outbreak of the First World War, he
sought to recruit Irish prisoners of war for the German army. He went to Berlin

- to secure German aid Jor Irish independence but the Germans preferred the British 4
= See to a free Ireland and considered Casement a nuisance. ,

On the eve of the Easter Rising, he travelled to Ireland in a German U-boat to —

‘
»
a
=i

 

warn that there would be no German aid and that a rising would not succeed. He —
landed near Tralee but was quickly arrested by the British. He was taken to hs
London and tried for high treason at the Old Bailey by an English Lord Chief
jae and an English jury. He was refused permission to conduct his own case and
was allowed to speak only after the jury found him Qulipe = 3

_ His defiance in the dock and the powerful oratory of as defence xpilaine vy, +
a the Irish, he remains a patriot martyr. The speech has been described [by
William Blunt as the finest document in patriotic literature, finer than anything
in Plutarch or elsewhere in Pagan literature. Years later Jawaharlal Nebriy
leader of the Indian movement for independence from the eres i it sls ”
- point 0 out exactly bow a subject nation Evie cP ae aa

   
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
 

be ae

— Led Chief Justice, as I wish my oie. to ase? a , much wi
- audience than I see before me here, I intend t oF: an = = that I anew x

   
 
 

P
a

4 Po * ‘ 2 z
Casement: ‘In Ireland alone, in this twentieth century, 18 loyalty Ga crime 419
—

 

 

 

say. What [ shall read now is something | wrote more than twenty days
ago. 1 may say, my lord, at once, that I protest against the jurisdiction
of this court in my case on this charge, and the argument, that I am
now going to read, is addressed not to this court, but to my own
countrymen.

There is an objection, possibly not good in law, but surely good on
moral grounds, against the application to me here of this old English
statute, 565 years old, that seeks to deprive an Irishman today of life and
honour, not for ‘adhering to.the King’s enemies’, but for adhering to his
own people.

When this statute was passed, in 1351, what was the state of men’s
minds on the question of a far higher allegiance — that of a man to God
and His kingdom? The law of that day did not permit a man to forsake
his Church, ot deny his God, save with his life. The ‘heretic’, then, had
the same doom as the ‘traitor’.

Today a man may forswear God and His heavenly kingdom, without
fear or penalty — all earlier statutes having gone the way of Nero’s edicts
against the Christians, but that constitutional phantom ‘the King’ can

still dig up from the dungeons and torture-chambers of the Dark Ages a
law that takes a man’s life and limb for an exercise of conscience.

If true religion rests on love, it is equally true that loyalty rests on
love. The law that I am charged under has no parentage in love, and
claims the allegiance of today on the ignorance and blindness of the
past.

I am being tried, in truth, not by my peers of the live present, but by
the fears of the dead past; not by the civilization of the twentieth
century, but by the brutality of the fourteenth; not even by a statute
framed in the language of the land that tries me, but emitted in the
language of an enemy land — so antiquated is the law that must be
sought today to slay an Irishman, whose offence is that he puts Ireland
first. cae wacates= ,

Loyalty is a sentiment, not a law. It rests on love, not on restraint.
The government of Ireland by England rests on restraint, and not on
law; and since it demands no love, it can evoke no loyalty . . .

Judicial assassination today is reserved only for one race of the King’s
subjects — for Irishmen, for those who cannot forget their allegiance to
the realm of Ireland. The Kings of England, as such, had no rights in
Ireland up to the time of Henry VIII, save such as rested on compact

 

_ and mutual obligation entered into between them and certain princes,
chiefs, and lords of Ireland. This form of legal right, such as it was, gave

 
420 Casement: ‘In Ireland alone, in this twentieth century, is loyalty a crime’

ee

no King of England lawful power to impeach an Irishman for high
treason under this statute of King Edward HI of England until an Itish
Act, known as Poyning’s Law, the tenth of Henry VII, was passeq in
1494 at Drogheda, by the Parliament of the Pale in Ireland, and enacteq
as law in that part of Ireland. But, if by Poyning’s Law an Irishman of
the Pale could be indicted for high treason under this Act, he coulg
be indicted in only one way, and before one tribunal — by the laws
of the Realm of Ireland and in Ireland. The very law of Poyning, which,
I believe, applies this statute of Edward III to Ireland, enacts also for
the Irishman’s defence ‘all these laws by which England claims her
liberty’. :
And what is the fundamental charter of an Englishman’s Liberty?
That he shall be tried by his peers. With all respect, I assert this court is
~ to me, an Irishman, charged with this offence, a foreign court — this jury
is for me, an Irishman, not a jury of my peers to try me on this vital
issue, for it is patent to every man of conscience that I have a right, an
 — indefeasible right, if tried at all, under this statute of high treason, to be
tried in Ireland, before an Irish court and by an Irish jury. This court,
_ this jury, the public opinion of this country, England, cannot but be
_ prejudiced in varying degrees against me, most of all in time of war. I
_ did not land in England. I landed in Ireland. It was to Ireland I came; to
. Ireland I wanted to come; and the last place I desired to land was in
_ England. oe ee 7
_ But for the Attorney-General of England there is only ‘England’;
__ there is no Ireland; there is only the law of England, no right of Ireland;
_ the liberty of Ireland and of an Irishman is to be judged by the power of
_ England. Yet for me, the Irish outlaw, there is a land of Ireland, a right
_ of Ireland, and a charter for all Irishmen to appeal to, in the last resort, a
charter, that even the very statutes of England itself cannot deprive us of
_— may more, a charter that Englishmen themselves assert as the funda-
_ mental bond of law that connects the two kingdoms. This charge of |
_ high treason involves a moral responsibility, as the very terms of the
_ indictment against myself recite, inasmuch as I committed the acts I
= am charged with to the ‘evil example of others in like case’. What was the
evil example I set to others in the like case, and who were these others?
_ The ‘evil example’ charged is that I asserted the right of my own
_ country and the ‘others’ I appealed to, to aid my endeavour, were MY ;
own countrymen. The example was given, not to Englishmen, but 0

  
  
   
  
  
   
 
  

_ Irishmen, and the ‘like case’ can never arise in England, but only 1
_ Ireland. To Englishmen I set no evil example, for I made no appeal Se

 
Casement: ‘In Ireland alone, in this twentieth century, is loyalty a crime’ 421
Se a ee en ge Pe ee ee a ee a re

them. I asked no Englishman to help me. I asked Irishmen to fight for

their rights. The ‘evil example’ was only to other Irishmen, who might
come after me, and in ‘like case’ seek to do as I did. How, then, since
neither my example, nor my appeal was addressed to Englishmen, can |
be rightfully tried by them?

If I did wrong in making that appeal to Irishmen to join with me in
an effort to fight for Ireland, it is by Irishmen, and by them alone, | can
be rightfully judged. From this court and its jurisdiction I appeal to
those I am alleged to have wronged, and to those I am alleged to have
injured by my ‘evil example’ and claim that they alone are competent to
decide my guilt or innocence. If they find me guilty, the statute may
affix the penalty, but the statute does not override or annul my right to
seek judgement at their hands.

This is so fundamental a right, so natural a tight, so obvious a right,
that it is clear that the Crown were aware of it when they brought me by
force and by stealth from Ireland to this country. It was not I who
landed in England, but the Crown who dragged me here, away from my
own country to which I had returned with a price upon my head, away
from my own countrymen whose loyalty is not in doubt, and safe from
the judgement of my peers whose judgement I do not shrink from. I
admit no other judgement but theirs. I accept no verdict save at their
hands.

I assert from this dock that I am being tried here, not because it is
just, but because it is unjust. Place me before a jury of my own
countrymen, be it Protestant or Catholic, Unionist or Nationalist, Sinn
Féineach or Orangemen, and I shall accept the verdict, and bow to the
statute and all its penalties. But I shall accept no meaner finding against
me, than that of those, whose loyalty I have endangered by my example,
and to whom alone I made appeal. If they adjudge me guilty, then guilty
Iam. It is not I who am afraid of their verdict — it is the Crown. If this
is not so, why fear the test? I fear it not. I demand it as my right.

This is the condemnation of English rule, of English-made law, of
English government in Ireland, that it dare not rest on the will of the _
Irish people, but exists in defiance of their will: that it is a rule, derived i
Not from right, but from conquest. SS gaa

7 Conquest, my Lord, gives no title; and, if it exists over the body, it
fails over the mind. It can exert no empire over men’s reason and
judgement and affections; and it is from this law of conquest without

ne Bi: to the reason, judgement, and affection of my own countrymen that
oe apipesl eo aie | eo

 

   
422 Casement: ‘In Ireland alone, in this twentieth century, is loyalty a crime’

acme

I can answer for my own acts and speeches. While one English Party
was responsible for preaching a doctrine of hatred, designed to bring
about civil war in Ireland, the other, and that the party in power, took
no active steps to restrain a propaganda that found its advocates in the
Army, Navy, and Privy Council — in the House of Parliament, and in the
State Church — a propaganda the methods of whose expression were so
‘grossly illegal and utterly unconstitutional’ that even the Lord Chancel-
lor of England could find only words and no repressive action to apply
to them. Since lawlessness sat in high places in England, and laughed at
the law as at the custodians of the law, what wonder was it that
Irishmen should refuse to accept the verbal protestations of an English
Lord Chancellor as a sufficient safeguard for their lives and liberties? |
know not how all my colleagues on the Volunteer Committee in Dublin
reviewed the growing menace, but those with whom I was in closest
coopetation redoubled, in face of these threats from without, our efforts
to unite all Irishmen from within. Our appeals were made to Protestant
_and Unionist as much almost as to Catholic and Nationalist Irishmen.
__ We hoped that, by the exhibition of affection and goodwill on our part
toward our political opponents in Ireland, we should yet succeed in
ening them from the side of an English party whose sole interest in
our country lay in its oppression in the past, and in the present in its
| degradation to the mean and narrow needs of their political animosities.
It is true that they based their actions, so they averred, on ‘ears for the

empire’, and on a very diffuse loyalty that took in all the peoples of the
empire, save only the Irish. That blessed word empire that bears so
paradoxical resemblance to charity! For if charity begins at home, empire
begins in other men’s homes, and both may cover a multitude of sins. I,
for one, was determined that Ireland was much more to me than empire,
and, if charity begins at home, so must loyalty. Since arms were so

necessary to make our organization a reality, and to give to the minds a a
Irishmen, ‘menaced with the most onteageous threats, a sense of security,

: ae in view, to go. to aecaae with surely a beteer on ~ appeal
Tsishmen there for help in an hour of get stations oats than those

He m a nor pay ix it, it was eats te to show hin’
~ how to. do bit. Within a few weeks of my arrival i in . ,

 
Casement: di ft l j eland alone, in this twentieth century, 15 loyalty a crime’ 423

P ne oT cae eer eee einen nannies li Seal oasis

the fund that had been opened to secure arms for the Volunteers of
P Ireland amounted to many thousands of pounds. In every case the

money subscribed, whether it came from the purse of the wealthy man,
or from the still readier pocket of the poor man, was Irish gold.
; We have been told, we have been asked to hope, that after this war
Ireland will get Home Rule, as a reward for the lifeblood shed in a cause
/ which, whomever else its success may benefit, can surely not benefit
Ireland. And what will Home Rule be in return for what its vague
promise has taken, and still hopes to take away from Ireland? It is not.
necessary to climb the painful stairs of Irish history — that treadmill of a
nation, whose labours are as vain for her own uplifting as the convict’s
exertions are for his redemption, to review the long list of British
promises made only to be broken — of Irish hopes, raised only to be
dashed to the ground. Home Rule, when it comes, if come it does, will
find an Ireland drained of all that is vital to its very existence unless it be =
that unquenchable hope we build on the graves of the dead. We are told _ ;
that if Irishmen go by the thousand to die, not for Ireland, but for
Flanders, for Belgium, for a patch of sand in the deserts of Mesopotamia,
or a rocky trench on the heights of Gallipoli, they are winning self- —
government for Ireland. But if they dare to lay down their lives on their
native soil, if they dare to dream even that freedom can be won only at —
home by men resolved to fight for it there, then they are traitors to their
country, and their dream and their deaths are phases of a dishonourable —
phantasy.
But history is not so recorded in other lands. In Ireland alone, in this —
twentieth century, is loyalty held to be a crime. If loyalty be something
less than love and more than law, then we have had enough of such
loyalty for Ireland and Irishmen. If we are to be indicted as criminals,
to be shot as murderers, to be imprisoned as convicts, because our
| offence is that we love Ireland more than we value our lives, then se ee
not know what virtue resides in any offer of self-government held Guta
to brave men on such terms. Self-government is our tight, a thing born -
in us at birth, a thing no more to be doled out to us, or withheld from = 3
us, by another people than the right to life itself — than the right to feel —
_ the sun, or smell the flowers, or to love our kind. It is only from the |
- convict these things are withheld, for crime committed and proven — z
and Ireland, that has wronged no man, has injured no land, that has =

oa _ Sought no dominion over others — Ireland is being treated today among —

 

‘ bie ; }
te be UG ae me : ea
Be fin eee 11 On ea ae ee ee te eee ee

    

 
 

424 Casement: ‘In Ireland alone, in this twentieth century, is loyalty a crime’

 

to be a rebel, and shall cling to my ‘rebellion’ with the last drop of my
blood. If there be no right of rebellion against the state of things that no

savage tribe would endure without resistance, then I am sure that it is -

better for men to fight and die without right than to live in such a state
of right as this. Where all your rights have become only an accumulated
wrong, where men must beg with bated breath for leave to subsist in
their own land, to think their own thoughts, to sing their own songs, to
gather the fruits of their own labours, and, even while they beg, to see
things inexorably withdrawn from them — then, surely, it is a braver, a
saner and truer thing to be a rebel, in act and in deed, against such
circumstances as these, than to tamely accept it, as the natural lot of
men.

Casement was condemned to death and hanged. His so-called Black Diaries
containing homosexual passages were circulated by British agents to discredit him
and discourage any movement for a reprieve. Thanks to Casement, Sinn Féin got
the credit for the Easter Rising — and the independence of Ireland triumphed when

he was hanged.

 
 

WOMEN’S LIBERATION

 
Se Deore instNeDS, social, Lena and, above-all, t7,6us

 

that our hearts should expand on this day. On this day, which calls to. 4

cooperation over blind obedience, opinion over prejudice, new ways 7

FRANCES WRIGHT
4 July 1828

‘Let us rejoice as human beings’

Frances Wright (1795-1852) was born a Scottish heiress but emigrated to the
United States in 1818 and was the first woman to win fame as a public speaker.

Asan early suffragette she campaigned for the emancipation of women; as a social

reformer, she lectured on science, religion and education and was often in danger of
being mobbed.

She tried but failed to establish a colony for free blacks in Tennessee but went
on to join Robert Owen's colony at New Harmony in Indiana. She also helped to

form the first American Labour party, the ee s Party of New York,
in 1829.

Tt; twas at New ow: that she delivered this Independence Day address.

  
 
  
   
 
 
 
  
   

“

From the era which dates the national existence of the American peri
dates also a mighty step in the march of human knowledge. And it 1s
consistent with that principle in our conformation which leads us to
rejoice in the good which befalls our species, and to sorrow for the evil,

memory the conquest achieved by knowledge over ignorance, willing

ovet old ways — when, fifty-two years ago, America declared her
national independence, and associated it with her republic federation.
Reasonable is it to rejoice on this day, and useful to reflect thereon; so
that we rejoice for the teal, and not any imaginary, good; and reflect on — ;
the positive advantages obtained, and on those which i it is ours farther ae
eee oo GPE ee Peas:

 

“ettor, on aa of Ee caper Take ie ie alongs

    
428 Wright: “Let us rejoice as human beings’

Se ae me ea ee ep OE a ae Ne TE aT ae ee Mg ee Oe a a teen pe AT

In continental Europe, of late years, the words patriotism and patriot
have been used in a more enlarged sense than it is usual here to attribute
to them, or than is attached to them in Great Britain. Since the politica]
struggles of France, Italy, Spain, and Greece, the word patriotism hag
been employed, throughout continental Europe, to express a love of the
public good; a preference for the interests of the many to those of the
few; a desire for the emancipation of the human trace from the thrall of
despotism, religious and civil: in short, patriotism there is used rather to
express the interest felt in the human race in general than that felt for
any country, or inhabitants of a country, in particular. And patriot, in
like manner, is employed to signify a lover of human liberty and human
improvement rather than a mere lover of the country in which he lives,
ot the tribe to which he belongs. Used in this sense, patriotism is a
virtue, and a patriot a virtuous man, With such an interpretation, a
_ patriot is a useful member of society, capable of enlarging all minds and
_ bettering all hearts with which he comes in contact; a useful member of
the human family, capable of establishing fundamental principles and
of merging his own interests, those of his associates, and those of
| his nation in the interests of the human race. Laurels and statues are
_ vain things, and mischievous as they are childish; but could we imagine
them of use, on such a patriot alone could they be with any reason
: bestowed . 3 |
If such a iiaman as we have last considered should seem likely to
obtain in any country, it should be certainly in this. In this which is truly
the home of all nations and in the veins of whose citizens flows the
blood of every people on the globe. Patriotism, in the exclusive meaning,
is surely not made for America. Mischievous everywhere, it were here
a both mischievous and absurd. The very otigin of the people is opposed

_to it. The institutions, in their principle, militate against it. The day we

are celebrating protests against it. It is for Americans, more especially, to
: "nourish a nobler sentiment; one more consistent with their origin, and

more conducive to their future improvement. It is for them more —

| especial to know why they love their country; and to feel that they love 2 3
_ it, not because it és their country, but because it is the palladium oe=
— pals liberty — the favored scene of human improvement. It is fot
- them, more especially, to examine their institutions; and to feel that ier :
Ss them because they ate based on just principles. It is for them,
_ more especially, to examine their institutions, because they have. the: <

- means of improving them; to examine their laws, because at will they
- can alter Thee. It is for them to lay aside luxury whose wealth is 4

 
 
  
  
  

  
  
   

  
  
 
 
Stanton: ‘We now demand our right to vote’ 429

a sh naib Nd

 

LAE
ese

industry; idle parade whose strength is in knowledge; ambitious distine-
tions whose principle is equality. It is for them not to rest, satisfied with
words, who can seize upon things; and to remember that equality means,
not the mere equality of political rights, however valuable, but equality
of instruction and equality in virtue; and that liberty means, not the
mere voting at elections, but the free and fearless exercise of the mental
faculties and that self-possession which springs out of well-reasoned
opinions and consistent practice. It is for them to honor principles rather
than men ~ to commemorate events rather than days; when they rejoice,
to know for what they rejoice, and to rejoice only for what has brought
and what brings peace and happiness to men. The event we commemo-
rate this day has procured much of both, and shall procure in the
onward course of human improvement more than we can now conceive
of. For this — for the good obtained and yet in store for our race — let us
rejoice! But let us rejoice as men, not as children — as human beings
rather than as Americans — as reasoning beings, not as ignorants. So
shall we rejoice to good purpose and in good feeling; so shall we
improve the victory once on this = achieved, until all mankind hold
with us the Jubilee of pate pendence

ELIZABETH CADY STANTON
19 July 1848

: We now y demand our or right to vote’

Asa girl Elizabeth Ca 5 tanton n (18 1 5 7 902) was awa to study classtes an d
mathematics ata boys’ school and to read the books in her father’s law office, where
she heard the complaints of women who sought bis help. That was how she became
aware of the humiliating status of women. When she married Henry Stanton, a
well-known abolitionist, in 1840, the word ‘obey’ was omitted from the ceremony.
When she accompanied her husband that year to the world anti-slavery conven-
tion, she noticed that women were excluded and struck up a friendship with
“Lucretia Mott, a fellow Quaker abolitionist. They became allies and planned = a
women ’s rights convention — held eight years later at Seneca Falls, New York, :
The Convention adapted the Declaration of Independence to read: ‘We bold
these truths to be self- “evident: that all men and women are created equal.’ It

= ; | demanded the vote, property rights, and admission to higher education and church
r -_ Offices. ai jee Aalizired a keynote address. etn

   
430 Stanton: ‘We now demand our right to vote’

We have met here today to discuss our rights and wrong
political, and not, as some have supposed, to go into the detail of social
life alone. We do not propose to petition the legislature to make our
husbands just, generous, and courteous, to seat every man at the head of
a ctadle, and to clothe every woman in male attire. None of these points
however important they may be considered by leading men, will be
touched in this convention. As to their costume, the gentlemen need feel
no fear of our imitating that, for we think it in violation of every
principle of taste, beauty, and dignity; notwithstanding all the contempt
cast upon our loose, flowing garments, we still admire the graceful
folds, and consider our costume far more artistic than theirs. Many of
the nobler sex seem to agree with us in this opinion, for the bishops,
_ pfiests, judges, barristers, and lord mayors of the first nation on the
_ globe, and the Pope of Rome, with his cardinals, too, all wear the loose
en flowing robes, thus tacitly acknowledging that the male attire is neither
dignified nor imposing. No, we shall not molest you in your philosophi-
cal expetiments with stocks, pants, high-heeled boots, and Russian belts.
Yours be the glory to discover, by personal experience, how long the
_kneepan can resist the terrible strapping down which you impose, in
how short time the well-developed muscles of the throat can be reduced
to mere threads by the constant pressure of the stock, how high the heel
_ of a boot must be to make a short man tall, and how tight the Russian
- belt may be drawn and yet have wind enough left to sustain life.
But we are assembled to protest against a form of government
existing without the consent of the governed — to declare our right to be ~
free as man is free, to be represented in the government which we ate
taxed to support, to have such disgraceful laws as give man the power to
chastise and imprison his wife, to take the wages which she earns, the
property which she inherits, and, in case of separation, the children of
her love; laws which make her the mere dependent on his bounty. It ts_
- to protest against such unjust laws as these that we are assembled today,
and to have them, if possible, forever erased from our statute books, —
deeming them a shame and a disgrace to a Christian republic in the
dapetecnth tentuty. We have met <= So ae :

S, Civil and

 
 
   
 
   
 
   
 
  
   
 
   
 
 
   
 
 

To uplift woman’s fallen divinity _
_.__ Upon an even pedestal with man’s.

ena a es,
nee : Ree Coal.

    

wn ate

strange as it may seem to many, we now demand our right to vot
This right no one pretends to deny. We need not prov:

 
 
     
 

    

   
ea mee

Stanton: ‘We now demand our right to vote 431

ne EEE

to Daniel Webster to enjoy this privilege, for the ignorant Irishman in
the ditch has all the civil rights he has. We need not prove our muscular
power equal to this same Irishman to enjoy this privilege, for the most
tiny, weak, ill-shaped stripling of twenty-one has all the civil rights of
the Irishman. We have no objection to discuss the question of equality,
for we feel that the weight of argument lies wholly with us, but we wish
the question of equality kept distinct from the question of rights, for the
proof of the one does not determine the truth of the other. All white
men in this country have the same rights, however they may differ in
mind, body, or estate.
The right is ours. The question now is: how shall we get possession
of what rightfully belongs to us? We should not feel so sorely grieved if
no man who had not attained the full stature of a Webster, Clay, Van
Buren, or Gerrit Smith could claim the right of the elective franchise. —
But to have drunkards, idiots, horse-racing, rum-selling rowdies, igno-
rant foreigners, and silly boys fully recognized, while we ourselves are
thrust out from all the rights that belong to citizens, it is too grossly
insulting to the dignity of woman to be longer quietly submitted to. The _
tight is ours. Have it, we must. Use it, we will. The pens, the tongues,
the fortunes, the indomitable wills of many women are already pledged to
secure this right. The great truth that no just government can be formed
without the consent of the governed we shall echo and re-echo in the ears 4
of the unjust judge, until by continual coming we shall weary him . 4
There seems now to be a kind of moral stagnation in our midst. --
Philanthropists have done their utmost to rouse the nation to a sense of __
its sins. War, slavery, drunkenness, licentiousness, gluttony, have been 2 3
_dragged naked before the people, and all their abominations and deformi- __
ties fully brought to light, yet with idiotic laugh we hug those monsters _ 3
as to our breasts. and rush on to destruction. Q Our churches ate Se >
on all sides, our missionary societies, Sunday schools, and Ptayer meet- x
_ ings and innumerable charitable and reform organizations are all in =
Operation, but still the tide of vice is swelling, and threatens the —
| sc destruction of everything, and the battlements of righteousness are weak =
3 ae the raging sementt of sin rand d death. Srenilgs the world waits the i

   

sett mercy sek See The voice Ot woman a is sleet in hes oaks ane 3
_ Church, and the home, but man cannot fulfill his destiny alone, he
aS cannot redeem his ace unaided, There are deep and tender chords of
_ Sympathy and love in the hearts of the downfallen and ea that
oeiat can touch more re skillfully than man. — ae

 
— a .
co atl
a *

432 Stanton: ‘We now demand our right to vote’
a oe ee ee ee ee ee

The world has never yet seen a truly great and virtuous nation,
because in the degradation of woman the very fountains of life are
poisoned at their source. It is vain to look for silver and gold from
mines of copper and lead. It is the wise mother that has the wise son. So
long as your women are slaves you may throw your colleges and
churches to the winds. You can’t have scholars and saints so long as
yout mothers are ground to powder between the upper and nether
millstone of tyranny and lust. How seldom, now, is a father’s pride —
gratified, his fond hopes realized, in the budding genius of his son! The
wife is degraded, made the mere creature of caprice, and the foolish son
is heaviness to his heart. Truly are the sins of the fathers visited upon
the children to the third and fourth generation. God, in His wisdom, has
so linked the whole human family together that any violence done at one
end of the chain is felt throughout its length, and here, too, is the law of

restoration, as in woman all have fallen, so in her elevation shall the race
be recreated. | | :
__ ‘Voices’ were the visitors and advisers of Joan of Arc. Do not ‘voices’ a
| come to us daily from the haunts of poverty, sorrow, degradation, and
_ despair, already too long unheeded. Now is the time for the women of
| this country, if they would save our free institutions, to defend the right
to buckle on the armor that can best resist the keenest weapons of the
/ enemy — contempt and ridicule. The same religious enthusiasm that
_ nerved Joan of Arc to her work nerves us to ours. In every generation
2 God calls some men and women for the utterance of truth, a heroic z
. action, and our work today is the fulfilling of what has long since pean a
_ foretold by the Prophet — Joel 2:28: ‘And it shall come to pass afterward, —
that I will pour out my spirit upon all flesh; and your sons and ee”
E daughters shall prophesy.’ We do not expect our path will be strewn
_ with the flowers of popular applause, but over the thorns of bigotry onde 2
= ptejudice will be our way, and on our banners will beat the dark storm
_clouds of opposition from those who have entrenched themselves behind ~
; the stormy bulwarks of custom and authority, and who have fortified
; heir position by evety means, holy and unholy. But we will steadfastly. “a

abide the result. Unmoved we will bear it aloft. Undauntedly we WN"
unfurl it to the gale, for we know that the storm cannot rend from it x
; sige that. the clecttie flash will but more Soe er to us the

 
  
 
 
 
  
 
  
  
   
    
   
  
  

  
 
  
   
 
  

 
   
   
  
 
 
 
  
  
  
 
  
  
   
   
   
 
     
   
     

Truth: ‘A’n’t I a woman?’ 433
i a a ee ee ey cee

SOJOURNER TRUTH
28 May 1851

‘A’ tl a woman?’

Sojourner Truth (c. 1797-1883) was a slave who fled in 1827 from the house-
hold in New York state where she worked and found refuge with a religions Lroup
which helped her to find and free two of her children who had been sold into Slavery.
She moved to New York City in 1829, found work as a domestic and became
active in religious movements. A Ster ‘voices’ told her to take the name of Sojourner

Truth, she became a preacher against the evils of aes drawing big crowds in
Ohio, Indiana, Missouri and Kansas.

She delivered this speech at the State Women’s Rights ¢ Convention in Akron *
Ohio.

= Wall, childern, whar dar is sO much racket ae must be somethin’ out

8? kilter. I tink dat ’twixt de niggers of de Souf and de womin at de :
-Norf, all talkin’ bout rights, de white men will be in a fix pretty soon.

- But what’s all dis her talkin’ bout? | 3 ae =
Dat man ober dar say dat womin needs to be helped into carriages, ;
and lifted over ditches, and to hab de best place everywhar. Nobody _
_ eber helps me into carriages, or ober mud-puddles, or gibs me any best
place. And a’n’t I a woman? Look at me! Look at my arm! I have —

we and planted, and gathered into barns, and no man could head
me! And a’n’t I a woman? I could work as much and eat as much as as :
man — when. I could get it — and bear de lash as well! And a’n’t I a
_ woman? I have borne thirteen childern, and see em mos’ all sold off to

avery, and when I cried out with = mother’ s Stet none bat Jesus
heard me! And a’n’t 1a woman? — eee =

Den dey talks ’bout dis ting in c bead seas a ae cai it? (Intellect
whispered someone near.) Dat’s it, honey. What’s dat go to do wid w womin’s-

  

    

~

tight o nigger’ s tights? If my cup won’ ’t hold but a pint, and you
molds. @ quart, wouldn’t aE: be ‘mean not to let me | tee my | = le ha

  
 

 

434 Stone: ‘Disappointment is the lot of women’

eee

If de fust woman God ever made was strong enough to turn
upside down all alone, dese women togedder ought to be able
back, and get it right side up again! And now dey is asking to
men better let ’em. (Long continued cheering.)

Bleeged to ye for hearin on me, and now old Sojourner hap
nothin’ mote to say. (Roars of applause.)

de World
to turn it

do it, de
€ got

LUCY STONE
1855_

‘Disappointment is the lot of women’

_ Five years before she delivered this speech, the A merican feminist Lucy Stone (1818-
93) had called the first national Women’s Rights Convention at Worcester,
Massachusetts. Yet in 1855 most educational institutions and professions were closed
to women. Stone's father did not approve of education for women and she did not
_ start her studies at Oberlin College until she was twenty-five. She soon became a
public speaker. 3 ;

| “Doing a Lucy Stone’ became a standard catchphrase after she married Henry
| Brown Blackwell and kept her maiden name as a symbol of equality.

From the first years to which my memory stretches, I have been a
disappointed woman. When, with my brothers, I reached forth after the
sources of knowledge, I was reproved with ‘It isn’t fit for you; it doesn’t
belong to women.’ Then there was but one college in the world where
women were admitted, and that was in Brazil. I would have found my
way there, but by the time I was prepared to go, one was opened in the
young State of Ohio — the fitst in the United States where women and
negroes could enjoy opportunities with white men. I was disappointed
when I came to seek a profession worthy an immortal being — evety
_ employment was closed to me, except those of the teacher, the seamstfess,
and the housekeeper. In education, in marriage, in religion, in everything,
disappointment is the lot of woman. It shall be the business of my life to
_ deepen this disappointment in every woman’s heart until she bows dow?
__ to it no longer. I wish that women, instead of being walking show-case®
__ instead of begging of their fathers and brothers the latest and gayest n¢¥

_ bonnet, would ask of them their rights. . a
The question of Woman’s Rights is a practical one. The notion ee om

 

+, | sag a eee
; Stone: ‘Disappointment is the lot of women’ 435
en a er Eset aeniailieliaet tc ter pela asin emieei hulites apehnial = aay es deg

prevailed that it was only an ephemeral idea; that it was but women
claiming the right to smoke cigars in the streets, and to frequent bar-
rooms. Others have supposed it a question of comparative intellect;
others still, of sphere. Too much has already been said and written about
woman's sphere. Trace all the doctrines to their source and they will be
found to have no basis except in the usages and prejudices of the age.
_ This is seen in the fact that what is tolerated in woman in one country
is not tolerated in another. In this country women may hold prayer-
_ meetings, etc., but in Mohammedan countries it is written upon their
mosques, Women and dogs, and other impure animals, are not permitted
to enter.’ Wendell Phillips says, “The best and greatest thing one is
_ capable of doing, that is his sphere.’ I have confidence in the Father to
_ believe that when He gives us the capacity to do anything He does not
make a blunder. Leave women, then, to find their sphere. And do not
tell us before we are born even, that our province is to cook dinners,
darn stockings, and sew on buttons. We are told woman has all the
tights she wants; and even women, I am ashamed to say, tell us so. They
_ mistake the politeness of men for rights — seats while men stand in this
hall to-night, and their adulations; but these are mere courtesies. 3
_ We want rights. The flour-merchant, the housebuilder, and the post-
man charge us no less on account of our sex; but when we endeavor to
earn money to pay all these, then, indeed we find the difference. Man, if.
he have energy, may hew out for himself a path where no mortal has ever
trod, held back by nothing but what is in himself; the world is all before
him, where to choose; and we are glad for you, brothers, men, that it is
so. But the same society that drives forth the young man, keeps woman
at home — a dependent — working little cats on worsted, and little dogs
on punctured paper; but if she goes heartily and bravely to give herself
to some worthy purpose, she is out of her sphere and she loses caste.
Women working in tailor-shops are paid one-third as much as men.
Some one in Philadelphia has stated that women make fine shirts for
twelve and a half cents apiece; that no woman can make more than nine
a week, and the sum thus earned, after deducting rent, fuel, etc., eevek
her just three and a half cents a day for bread. Is it a wonder that women
ate driven to prostitution? Female teachers in New York are paid ee
"ats a year, and for every such situation there are five hundred —
applicants, I know not what you believe of God, but I believe He gave <
“arnings and longings to be filled, and that He did not mean all our
hould be bs pee to ne god a the ao ‘The oo a

  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
   
  
   
   
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
   
   
  
 
    
   
436 Truth: ‘T have a right to have just as much as a may’
eee

It is asked of a lady, ‘Has she married well?’ ‘Oh yes, her husband i,
rich.” Woman must marry for a home, and you men are the sufferers J
this; for a woman who loathes you may marry you because you have re
means to get money which she can not have. But when woman can ente,
the lists with you and make money for herself, she will marry you only

for deep and earnest affection.

SOJOURNER TRUTH
9 May 1867

‘I have a right to have just as much as a man’

= ojourner Truth settled in Battle Creek, Michigan, in the late 1850s and solicited
food and clothing for the Negro volunteer regiments preparing for the Civil War — .

= and was later recognized in Washington for her efforts by President Lincoln. She
continued speaking for black rights and women’s suffrage, as in this speech to the
N ational Convention of American Equal pes Association at the Church of 4

Puritans i in New York City.

    
    
  

ae “My fends Iam rejoiced that you are glad, but I don’t know on you —
__will feel when I get through. I come from another field — the country of —
= the slave. They have got their liberty - so much good luck to have |
_ slavery” partly destroyed; not entirely. I want it root and branch de-
Saget Then we will all be free indeed. I feel that if I have to answer
_ for the deeds done in my body just as much as a man, I have a right to
= have just as much as a man. Thete is a great stir about colored men
e = getting their rights, but not a word | about the colored women; and i :
colored. men get their rights, and not colored women theirs, you: see the
os colored. men will be masters over the women, and it will be just as ba

ae as it was before. So Tam for keeping the thing going while things
stirring; because if we wait till it is still, it will take a great while to wees
going again. White women are a great deal smarter, and know mo.
than colored women, while colored women do not know scarce
ything. ‘They go out washing, which is about as high as a
woman gets, and their men go about idle, strutting: up and sioule
rhe; the women come home, they ask for their money and take it
nd then scold because there is no food. I want you to consider tt
: egeet chil’n; you are epee chil’ and | am old eno}

     
   
     
    
   
 
     
      
 

  

  

  
 
        

 

 

 

 
| Truth: ‘I have a right to have just as much as a man’ 437
——————— rc

to be mother of all that is here. I want women to have their rights. In
the courts women have no right, no voice; nobody speaks for them. I
wish woman to have her voice there among the pettifoggers. If it is not
a fit place for women, it is unfit for men to be there.

I am above eighty years old; it is about time for me to be going. I
have been forty years a slave and forty years free, and would be here
forty years more to have equal rights for all. I suppose I am kept here
because something remains for me to do; I suppose I am yet to help to
break the chain. I have done a great deal of work; as much as a man, but
did not get so much pay. I used to work in the field and bind grain,
keeping up with the cradler; but men doing no more, got twice as much
pay; so with the German women. They work in the field and do as
much work, but do not get the pay. We do as much, we eat as much, we
want as much. I suppose I am about the only colored woman that goes
about to speak for the rights of the colored women. I want to keep the
thing stirring, now that the ice is cracked. What we want is a little
money. You men know that you get as much again as women when you __
write, or for what you do. When we get our rights we shall not have to
_ come to you for money, for then we shall have money enough in our
own pockets; and may be you will ask us for money. But help us now
until we get it. It i is a good consolation to know that when we have got
_ this battle fought we shall not be coming to you any more. You have
_ been having our rights so long, that you think, like a slaveholder, that —
you own us. I know that it is hard for one who has held the reins for so
long to give up; it cuts like a knife. It will feel all the better when it
_ closes up again. I have been in Washington about three years, seeing :
~ about these colored people. Now colored men have the right to vote. .
There ought to be equal rights now more than ever, since colored
_ people have got their freedom. I am going to talk several times while Ts
am here; so now I will do a ttle une: I have not heard ay sept
since I came here, ig eee = — —— “
: (A ecordingl e suiting the action to the word, ¥ ojourner sang, ‘We are ing
ues : ai ie oe ig ee eee —
a HERE J children, in heaven we sat: rest — all our iho Ae axe a 1 a $
ed have to do here. There I am determined to go, not to stop short of

ina beautiful place, and I do not mean to stop till I ‘get there, and 1 meet
ou there, wes. : | ee

 

 

    
438 Stanton: ‘The male element is a destructive force’

Se see see a ee

BEIZABEEH CADY STANTON
1868

“The male element is a destructive force’

Twenty years after her address at Seneca Falls, Elizabeth Cady Stanton addressed

the Women’s Suffrage Convention in Bees DC and described the vices
emanating from the ‘male element’.

I urge a sixteenth amendment, because ‘manhood suffrage’, or a man’s
government, is civil, religious, and social disorganization. The male
element is a destructive force, stern, selfish, aggrandizing, loving war,
violence, conquest, acquisition, breeding in the material and moral world
alike discord, disorder, disease, and death. See what a record of blood

2 : and cruelty the pages of history reveal! Through what slavery, slaughter,
and sacrifice, through what inquisitions and imprfisonments, pains and
persecutions, black codes and gloomy creeds, the soul of humanity has

    
 
 
   
    
    
 
   
 
   
  
    

have been dead alike tolove and hope! _ |
The male element has held high carnival thus far; it has fairly run riot
E from the beginning, ovetpowering the feminine element everywhere,
_ crushing out all the diviner qualities in human nature, until we know.
but little of true manhood and womanhood, of the latter comparatively
"nothing, for it has scarce been recognized as a power until within the
E last eoary Society is but the reflection of man himself, untempered by
- woman’s thought; the hard iron rule we feel alike in the church, the —
‘state, and the home. No one need wonder at the disorganization, at the
fragmentary condition of everything, when we remember that man, who >
fepresents but half a complete being, with but half an idea on. =<
subject, has undertaken the absolute control of all sublunary matters.
People object to the demands of those whom they choose to call the

sttor 1g-minded, because they say ‘the tight of suffrage will make the

   

  

  

  

‘women masculine’. That is just the Sou, in which we are involved
Stanton: ‘The male element is a destructive force’ 439

— ee ————_—____rnrrnrnnnnanEEnEaETEeanemnEEREESn

foothold in society, woman must be as near like man as possible, reflect
his ideas, opinions, virtues, motives, prejudices, and vices. She must
respect his statutes, though they strip her of every inalienable right, and
conflict with that higher law written by the finger of God on her own
soul.

She must look at everything from its dollar-and-cent point of view, or
she is a mere romancer. She must accept things as they are and make the
best of them. To mourn over the miseries of others, the poverty of the
poor, their hardships in jails, prisons, asylums, the horrors of war,
cruelty, and brutality in every form, all this would be mere sentimentaliz-
ing. To protest against the intrigue, bribery, and corruption of public
life, to desire that her sons might follow some business that did not
involve lying, cheating, and a hard, grinding selfishness, would be arrant
nonsense.

In this way man has been molding woman to his ideas by direct and
positive influences, while she, if not a negation, has used indirect means
to control him, and in most cases developed the very characteristics both
in him and herself that needed repression. And now man himself stands
appalled at the results of his own excesses, and mourns in bitterness that
falsehood, selfishness, and violence are the law of life. The need of this
hour is not territory, gold mines, railroads, or specie payments but a
new evangel of womanhood, to exalt purity, virtue, morality, true
religion, to lift man up into the higher realms of thought and action.

We ask woman’s enfranchisement, as the first step toward the recogni-
tion of that essential element in government that can only secure the
health, strength, and prosperity of the nation. Whatever is done to lift
woman to her true position will help to usher in a new day of peace and
perfection for the race.

In speaking of the masculine element, I do not wish to be understood
to say that all men are hard, selfish, and brutal, for many of the most
beautiful spirits the world has known have been clothed with manhood;
but I refer to those characteristics, though often marked in woman, that
distinguish what is called the stronger sex. For example, the love of
acquisition and conquest, the very pioneers of civilization, when ex-
pended on the earth, the sea, the elements, the riches and forces of
Mature, ate powers of destruction when used to subjugate one man to
another or to sacrifice nations to ambition.

Here that great conservator of woman’s love, if permitted to assert
itself, as it naturally would in freedom against oppression, violence, and
war, would hold all these destructive forces in check, for woman knows

 

 

   
440 _ Anthony: ‘Are women persons?’
eo ee eS ee ee

the cost of life better than man does, and not with her consent would
one drop of blood ever be shed, one life sacrificed in vain.

With violence and disturbance in the natural world, we see a constant
effort to maintain an equilibrium of forces. Nature, like a loving
mother, is ever trying to keep land and sea, mountain and valley, each in
its place, to hush the angry winds and waves, balance the extremes of
heat and cold, of rain and drought, that peace, harmony, and beauty
may feign supreme. Thete is a striking analogy between matter and
mind,. and the present disorganization of society warns us that in the
dethronement of woman we have let loose the elements of violence and

_fuin that she only has the power to curb. If the civilization of the age

calls for an extension of the suffrage, surely a government of the most

: = Virtuous educated men and women would better represent the whole

and protect the i interests of all than could the fepresentation of either sex
— alone, | | ; .

 
   
  
  
    
   
  
  

‘SUSAN B. ‘ANTHONY
1872

‘A re women en persons?

Susan B. A ‘Autbary (1 820- 1906 6), ihe most eae ae ia a the
7 a eee naa the oe eneca Ee alls” = onvention but wae not meet

yj a Sxasng i ak Seis = ae oe aad ena ae Ss he
med the National Women's S uffrage Association with S tanton in 869. Three

ears later she led a march by 3 women to the polls during the presidential election.

> was convicted for her ‘crime’ but refused to py} the $700 foe. See. ar.
a ] BOs 3 she iret e her action in ee coe =

. "Friends = fellow chebinri | I stand ‘estore you oniphe under indictment
the alleged crime of having voted at the last presidential election, ©

but having a lawful right to vote, It shall be my work this evening —

‘Ove to you that in thus voting, I not only committed no crime, but,

simply exercised my citizen’ 8 rights, guaranteed to me e and all *

 

 
 
    
Anthony: “Are women persons?’ 44]
SN a EO ea ON ee a ee naa Tn a ee il tee Tae

The preamble of the Federal Constitution says:

‘We, the people of the United States, in order to form a more perfect
union, establish justice, insure domestic tranquillity, provide for the
common defense, promote the general welfare, and secure the blessings
of liberty to ourselves and our posterity, do ordain and establish this
Constitution for the United States of America.’

It was we, the people; not we, the white male citizens; nor yet we, the
male citizens; but we, the whole people, who formed the Union. And we
_ formed it, not to give the blessings of liberty, but to secure them; not to
the half of ourselves and the half of our posterity, but to the whole
_ people — women as well as men. And it is a downright mockery to talk
_ to women of their enjoyment of the blessings of liberty while they are
denied the use of the only means of securing them provided by this
peat -tepublican government — the ballot.

_ For any State to make sex a qualification that must ever result in the

withheld from women and their female posterity. To them this govern-
‘ment has no just powers derived from the consent of the governed. To

them this government is not a democracy. It is not a republic, It is an

odious aristocracy; a hateful oligarchy of sex; the most hateful aristocracy
ever established on the face of the globe; an oligarchy of wealth, where
the rich govern the poor. An oligarchy of learning, where the educated

govern the ignorant, or even an oligarchy of race, where the Saxon rules _

the African, might be endured; but this oligarchy of sex, which makes

father, brothers, husband, sons, the —— over the mother ome

\ Webster, Weare and Bian al ee a citizen to be a Person i in
the United States, entitled to vote and held-otite, .- 2 es |
_The only question left to be settled now is: Are women cence: At y

oe saieeti ae of our ee will aor the seaiaee to ae *

 

 
442 7 Stanton: ‘The true woman’
The nineteenth amendment to the Constitution, which gave American women the

vote in 1920, was called the Anthony amendment.

ELIZABETH CADY STANTON
25 March 1888

‘The true woman’

= years on from the Seneca Falls Convention, the theme of the 1888
_ International Council of We omen was women's universal sisterhood. Elizabeth
a. tanton reported on 4 progress. Ss

The civil and political position of woman, when I first understood its
rea 1 significance, was enough to destroy all faith in the vitality of
t pt cca: principles. Half a century ago the women of America were
bond slaves, under the ae common law of i Bagiand. tect rights of

 

oo in dhe Sai ses of aa re F desied oe the —
necessary ap eeesiee 208 their best development. Worse Bit women

 

E clicving: oe dcniak- a Tighe virtue than siiiies laine ane igno-- =a
2 = made ducdders of apeaSelY Ss =. which a Saterss fusbands, oe |

: were eres to move. Ske: = foaligie= virgins in =the paral |
_ women ——— in pa others — to i their own aoe ;

th ake doors wete see Cee ere

- Whether our feet are compressed in iron ae our Shins ice ‘i

reils and masks, whether yoked with cows to draw the plow through
aoe classed wish he Boma: aah Stie nin als: sin the pete

 
Stanton: ‘The true woman’ 443
gal ge en en en eg METI ee eR te

government, religion, laws, and social customs makes but little change

in the relative status of woman to the self-constituted governing classes,

so long as subordination in all nations is the rule of her being. Through

suffering we have learned the open sesame to the hearts of each other.

There is a language of universal significance, more subtle than that used
: in the busy marts of trade, that should be called the mother-tongue, by
| which with a sigh or a tear, a gesture, a glance of the eye, we know the
| experiences of each other in the varied forms of slavery. With the spirit —
forever in bondage, it is the same whether housed in golden cages, with
every want supplied, or wandering in the dreary deserts of life friendless
and forsaken. Now that our globe is girdled with railroads, =
4 and electric wires, every pulsation of your hearts is known to us .
Experience has fully proved, that sympathy as a civil agent is ee
and powerless until caught and chained in logical propositions and
coined into law. When every prayer and tear represents a ballot, the —
3 mothers of the race will no longer weep in vain over the miseries of
their children. The active interest women are taking in all the great
questions of the day is in strong contrast with the apathy and indifference
2 in which we found them half a century ago, and the contrast in their
condition between now and then is equally marked. Those who inaugu-
tated the movement for woman’s enfranchisement, who for long years —
: endured the merciless storm of ridicule and persecution, mourned over
. by friends, ostracized in social life, scandalized by enemies, denounced

by the pulpit, scarified and caricatured by the press, may well congratu-
_late themselves on the marked change in public sentiment that this
magnificent gathering of educated women from both hemispheres s isA=
triumphantly illustrates. = ee
: Now even married women enjoy, in a measure, their rights of person 4
_ and property. They can make contracts, sue and be sued, testify in courts © =
Of justice, and with honor dissolve the marriage relation when i
becomes intolerable. Now most of the colleges afte open to girls, =
they are rapidly taking their places in all the profitable industries, and in
many of the offices under government. They are in the professions, too
_ 48 lawyers, doctors, editors, professors in colleges, and ministers in the
 Pulpits.. Their political ‘status is so far advanced that they enjoy all t oo
_ tights of citizens in two territories, ‘municipal suffrage in one state, and :
es School suffrage 1 in half the states of the Union. Hete is a good record of of ‘
| sete work achieved in the past half-century; but we do not intend to fest”

‘Our case vuntil all our rights are secured, and, noting the steps of

 

     
    
  

    
   
 

   
  

          
     
444 Stanton: ‘The true woman’

ee ee ee
here to report, we behold with satisfaction everywhere a general uprising
of women, demanding higher education and an equal place in the
industries of the world. Our gathering here today is highly Significant,
in its promises of future combined action. When, in the history of the
world, was there ever before such an assemblage of able, educated
women, celebrated in so many varied walks of life, and feeling their
tight and ability to discuss the vital questions of social life, religion, and
government? When we think of the vantage-ground woman holds
today, in spite of all the artificial obstacles she has surmounted, we are

filled with wonder as to what the future mother of the race will be when
free to seek her complete development.
_ Thus far women have been the mere echoes of men. Our laws and
constitutions, our creeds and codes, and the customs of social life are all
_ of masculine origin. The true woman is as yet a dream of the future. A
_ just government, a humane religion, a pure social life await her coming.
_ Then, and not till then, will the golden age of peace and prosperity be
_ ours. This gathering is significant, too, in being held in the greatest
_ republic on which the sun ever shone — a nation superior to every other
| on the globe in all that goes to make up a free and mighty people —
boundless territory, magnificent scenery, mighty forests, lakes and rivers,
. and inexhaustible wealth in agriculture, manufactures, and mines — a
country where the children of the masses in our public schools have all
the appliances of a complete education — books, charts, maps, every
_advantage, not only in the rudimental but in many of the higher
branches, alike free at their disposal. In the Old World the palace on the
ill is the home of nobility; here it is the public school or university for
_ the people, where the rich and the poor, side by side, take the prizes for
ood manners and scholarship. Thus the value of real character above all
artificial distinctions — the great lesson of democracy — = early learned
by our children. 2 ee a
_ This is the country, too, where every man has a right t to  self-govern- ie
ment, to exercise his individual conscience and judgement on all matters
of public interest. Here we have no. entangling alliances in chutch and
- State, no tithes to be paid, no livings to be sold, no bartering for places <
= dignitaries: among those who officiate at the altar, no sepa test = -*
for those elected to take part in government. oP gee s
_ Here, under the very shadow of the Capitol | Pile? great nation, |
hose dome is crowned with the Goddess of Liberty, the women from
Se lands have assembled at last 1 to See ess 1 ig rh ni uk pl ae a8 caer

  
 
 
  
   
   
  
  
    
    
 
    
  
 

 

  
      

   
Pankhurst: ‘The Jaws that men have made’ AEF
Sa a ee ee

distinguished guests welcome, thrice welcome, to our triumphant demo-
cracy. 1 hope they will be able to stay long enough to take a bird’s-eye
view of our vast possessions, to see what can be done in a moral as well
as material point of view in a government of the people. In the Old
World they have governments and people; here we have a government
of the people, by the people, for the people — that is, we soon shall have
when that important half, called women, are enfranchised, and the
laboring masses know how to use the power they possess. And you will
see here, for the first time in the history of nations, a church without a
pope, a state without a king, and a family without a divinely ordained
head, for our laws are rapidly making fathers and mothers equal in the
marriage relation. We call your attention, dear friends, to these patent
facts, not in a spirit of boasting, but that you may look critically into the
working of our republican institutions; that when you return to the Old
World you may help your fathers to solve many of the tangled problems _
to which as yet they have found no answer. You can tell the Czar of _
Russia and the Tories of England that self-government and ‘home rule’

are safe and possible, proved so by a nation of upward of 60 millions of sf
people . . |

 
 
    
  
    
  
   
   
     

EMMELINE PANKHURST
24 March 1908

‘The faye that men have oe 2

Eoiwiion Pankburst (7 858-1928 ), leader of the British aan Sonad. the 4
Women’s Franchise League in 1889 but it was not until 1903 that she w
persuaded by her daughter Christabel (1880-195 8) to found the more militant

_ Women’s Social and Political Union. After a meeting in 1906 with Herber.
Asquith, Britain’s Liberal Prime Minister, she despaired of winning the vote and

_ began to resort to militant tactics. She was first arrested, in the year of this speech
at the Portman Rooms in London, after suffragettes tried to ‘rush’ the House of

: Commons and was sent to prison for three months. British women won >» ae
oa bei, at the end = the ee World War. en tS | “em aety eae

  

ae Men pa lGicede are in the fable of of talking to women as ie there were ni
BC laws that affect women. ‘The fact is,’ they say, ‘the home is the place
a ‘Women. Their interests are e the meee and mung of children. ' ¢
446 Pankhurst: ‘The /aws that men have made’
he ee ee a ee ee ee

are the things that interest women. Politics have nating to do with
these things, and therefore politics do not concern women.’ Yet the laws
decide how women are to live in marriage, how their children are to be
trained and educated, and what the future of their children is to be. Ajj
that is decided by Act of Parliament. Let us take a few of these laws, and
see what there is to say about them from the women’s point of view.
First of all, let us take the marriage laws. They are made by men for
women. Let us consider whether they are equal, whether they are just,
whether they are wise. What security of maintenance has the married
woman? Many a married woman having given up her economic independ-
ence in order to marry, how is she compensated for that loss? What
_ security does she get in that marriage for which she gave up economic
__ independence? Take the case of a woman who has been earning a good
income. She is told that she ought to give up her employment when she
= _ becomes a wife and a mother. What does she get in return? All that a -
— — married man is obliged by law to do for his wife is to provide for her
= shelter of some kind, food of some kind, and clothing of some kind. It is
left to his good pleasure to decide what the shelter shall be, what the
d shall be, what the clothing shall be. It is left to him to decide what
ney. shall be spent on the home, and how it shall be spent; the wife
has no voice legally in deciding any of these things. She has no legal —
. claim | upon any definite portion of his income. If he is a good man, a
_ conscientious man, he does the right thing. If he is not, if he chooses
almost to starve his wife, she has no remedy. What he thinks sufficient is
what she has to be content with.
T quite agree, in all these illustrations, that the majority of men are
considerably better than the law compels them to be, so the majority of ©

omen do not suffer as much as they might suffer if men were all as bad

  
  
   
   
 
   
 
    
 
 
  
  

p ; n could = dealt ai | Sass
stake what ae ® to the: woman if ther © husband dies and leaves her a

  
 

 
 

not a a very secure one. It depends entirely on her getting a good ticket
the a ae If she has a good husband, well and good: if she has a sae:

  
Pankhurst: ‘The laws that men have made’ 447
—$—$—$—$—
Now let us look at her position if she has been very unfortunate in
matriage, so unfortunate as to get a bad husband, an immoral husband, a
vicious husband, a husband unfit to be the father of little children. We
turn to the Divorce Court. How is she to get rid of such a man? If a man
has got married to a bad wife, and he wants to get rid of her, he has but
to prove against her one act of infidelity. But if a woman who is married
to a vicious husband wants to get rid of him, not one act nor a thousand
acts of infidelity entitle her to a divorce; she must prove either bigamy,
desertion, or gross cruelty, in addition to immorality before she can get
rid of that man.

Let us consider her position as a mother. We have repeated this sO
often at our meetings that I think the echo of what we have said must
have reached many. By English law no married woman exists as the -
_ mother of the child she brings into the world. In the eyes of the law she
is not the parent of her child. The child, according to our marriage laws,
has only one parent, who can decide the future of the child, who can ©

decide where it shall live, how it shall live, how much shall be spent: 4

upon it, how it shall be educated, and what es it shall profess. 7
‘parent is the father. = =

These are examples of some of the laws that men have made, laws.

oo _ that concern women. I ask you, if women had had the vote, should |

___we have had such laws? If women had had the vote, as men have the —
vote, we should have had equal laws. We should have had equal laws for 4

divorce, and the law would have said that as Nature has given to ©

: children two See SO the law eid pees that ag have two

| marriage, <childtéa. have one © parent, Sut of marriage ‘atte ieee a

one parent. That parent is the mother — the unfortunate. ‘mothe

alone is responsible for the future of her child; she alone is punishe:
her. child is neglected and suffers from neglect. But let ; me give you or
“illustration, I was in Herefordshire during the by-election. While I we
there, an unmarried mother was brought before the bench of magist
charged with having neglected her illegitimate child. She was a do

Servant, and had put the child out to nurse. The magistrates — there est
colonels and landowners | on that bench — did not ask what oie

sige

mother got; ‘they did not ask who the father was or -whethe

tributed to the support of the child. They sent that woman to prisc
ieee od = Tenby See her sete I ae ae wo her

 
448 Goldman: ‘The political criminal of today...’
Se
tonight, if women had had some share in the making of laws, don’t you

think they would have found a way of making all fathers of such

children equally responsible with the mothers for the welfare of those
children?

EMMA GOLDMAN
June 117

‘The political criminal of Joday must needs be .
= the saint a ine new age |

Le olde (1869-1940) was ek in Reaca and wees in a St Petersburg
- = Sia factory before emigrating in 1885 to the United States, where she became an
= anarchist and earned the nickname ‘Red Emma’ for her agitation against
tyrannical employers. She founded Mother Earth, the anarchist monthly, in 1906
nN artner ship with Alexander Berkman. :

When Woodrow Wilson declared war on Germany in 1917 and introduced a
— draft bill for conscription, Goldman and Berkman distributed 100,000 copies of a
N o-Conscription manifesto, founded a No-Conscription League, and organized
anti-war rallies. Their offices were raided, and Goldman and Berkman were
| arrested and put on trial, where they conaucted their own ee Goldman made
- this — to the jury. 3

 
 
  
  
 
  
   
  
   
  
  
   
   
  
 
   
   
  

"Gentlemen, when we asked eieihes you would ie waales against us
_ if it were proven that we propagated ideas and opinions contrary to
those held by the majority, you were instructed by the Court to say, ‘If
they ate within the law.’ But what the court did not tell you is, that no
new faith — not even the most humane and peaceable — has ever been _
considered ‘within the law’ by those who were in power. The history of
S human growth is at the same time the history of every new idea
heralding the approach of a brighter dawn, and the eee dawn has _
e aes. been considered illegal, outside of the Bie < pe ee
_ Gentlemen of the jury, most of you, I take it, are eho? in the |
starts of Jesus. Bear in mind that he was put to death by those
who considered his views as being against the law. I also take it that —
* are 2 shah of ee Americanism. | Remember that those who — ae

   
 
   
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 

Goldman: ‘The political criminal of today... 449

the law, as dangerous disturbers and trouble-makers. They not only
preached violence, but they carried out their ideas by throwing tea into
the Boston harbor. They said that ‘Resistance to tyranny is obedience to
God.’ They wrote a dangerous document called the Declaration of
Independence. A document which continues to be dangerous to this
day, and for the circulation of which a young man was sentenced to

ninety days prison in a New York Court, only the other day. They were
the Anarchists of ¢herr time — they were never within the law.

Your Government is allied with the French Republic. Need I call
your attention to the historic fact that the great upheaval in France was
brought about by extra-legal means? The Dantes, the Robespierres, the
Marats, the Herberts, aye even the man who is responsible for the most
stirring revolutionary music, the Marseillaise (which unfortunately has
oe deteriorated into a war tune), even Camille Desmoulins, were ee =
__within the law. But for those great pioneers and rebels, France would -
have continued under the yoke of the idle Louis XVI, to whom the —

sport of shooting ae rabbits: was more important than the destiny of

‘the people of Brance | | S 2

Never can a new dea move Svithin. the law. It matters not whee = ;
___ that idea pertains to political and social changes of to any other domain — ;
of human thought and expression — to science, literature, music; in fact, —
everything that makes for freedom and joy and beauty must ‘refuse to 37
move within the law. How can it be otherwise? The law is stationary, —
fixed, mechanical, ‘a chariot wheel’ which grinds all alike without |
_tegard to time, place and condition, without ever taking into account —
SS cause and effect, without ever ae into o the complexity of the human :

soul. SS Se ee ee eee 3

Sea knows ee = fixity. ‘Tt cannot ee = into. a definite _ a 3
mold. It cannot bow to the dictum, | have ruled,’ * Tam: the ‘regulating =:
= finger of God.’ Progress is ever EECREMIDE,. ever * becoming, ‘ever changi
= never is it within the law. a ol ee
If that be crime, we are seins, even | like Jesus, Socrates, = |
= Bruno, John Brown and scores of others. We are in good | comp
_ among those whom Havelock Ellis, the greatest living Se cos 10
describes as the ‘political | criminals recognized by the \ :
World, except America, as men and women who out of on love 1
humanity, out of a passionate reverence for es aad ae all-at
: dete es to an. ‘ideal are a to ys Be

ble ood Wes cannot do. oth tw

 
     
   
     
     
       
 

5

 
       
 
    

  

 
     

   

    
  
     
   

  

     
 

ty
450 Goldman: ‘The political criminal of today .. .’

political criminal of today must needs be the hero, the martyr and the
saint of the new age.

But, says the Prosecuting Attorney, the press and the unthinking
rabble, in high and low station, ‘that is a dangerous doctrine and
unpatriotic at this time’. No doubt it is. But are we to be held

responsible for something which is as unchangeable and unalienable as
the very stars hanging in the heavens unto time and all eternity?
Gentlemen of the jury, we tespect your patriotism. We would not, if
we could, have you change its meaning for yourself. But may there not
_ be different kinds of patriotism as there are different kinds of liberty? I
_ for one cannot believe that love of one’s country must needs consist in
: blindness. to its social faults, in deafness to its social discords, i
—_inarticulation of its social wrongs. Neither can I believe that the mere
es _ accident of birth in a certain country or the mere scrap of a citizen’s
or a constitutes the love of country. | 7
= a know many people — I am one of them — - who were not born hete,
Z nor have they applied for citizenship, and who yet love America with
deeper passion and greater intensity than many natives whose patriotism
_ manifests itself by pulling, kicking, and insulting those who do not rise
| when the national anthem is played. Our patriotism is that of the man
_ who loves a woman with open eyes. He is enchanted by her beauty, yet
| he sees her faults. So we, too, who know America, love her beauty, her
_ tichness, her great possibilities; we love her mountains, her canyons, her
- forests, her Niagara, and her deserts — above all do we love the people
_ that have produced her wealth, her artists who have created beauty, her
E eteat. apostles who dream and work for liberty — but with the same
See emotion we hate her superficiality, her cant, her corruption,
_ her mad, unscrupulous worship at the altar of the Golden Calf.
- We say that if America has entered the war to make the world safe for
"democracy, she must first make democracy safe in America. How else is

the world to take America seriously, when democracy at home is daily

being outraged, free speech suppressed, peaceable assemblies broken up
by overbearing and brutal gangsters in uniform; when free press is
curtailed and every independent opinion gagged. Verily, poor as we are
in democracy, how can we give of it to the world? We further say thata
_ democracy conceived in the military servitude of the masses, in their et
economic enslavement, and nurtured in their tears and blood, is not
- democracy at all. It is despotism — the cumulative result of a chain of
_abuses which, according to that dangerous document, the D Declaration of
tncependerice, the people have the tight t to QVCEUTIOW sedi SSO

 
—

a

Goldman: ‘The political criminal of today...’ 451
Se ee eee

The District Attorney has dragged in our Manifesto, and he has
emphasized the passage, ‘Resist conscription.’ Gentlemen of the jury,
please remember that that is not the charge against us. But admitting
that the Manifesto contains the expression, ‘Resist conscription’, may I
ask you, is there only one kind of resistance? Is there only the resistance
which means the gun, the bayonet, the bomb or flying machine? Is there
not another kind of resistance? May not the people simply fold their
hands and declare, ‘We will not fight when we do not believe in the
necessity of war’? May not the people who believe in the repeal of the —
Conscription Law, because it is unconstitutional, express their opposition
in word and by pen, in meetings and in other ways? What right has the

_ District Attorney to interpret that particular passage to suit himself?

Moreover, gentlemen of the jury, I insist that the indictment against us
does not refer to conscription. We are charged with a conspiracy against — ;
registration. And in no way or manner has the prosecution proven that =

_we are guilty of conspiracy or that we have committed an overt act.

Gentlemen of the jury, you are not called upon to accept our views,

to approve of them or to justify them. You are not even called upon to
decide whether our views are within or against the law. You ate aie

‘upon to decide whether the prosecution has proven that the defendants ;

Emma Goldman and Alexander Berkman have conspired to urge people | q

not to register. And whether their speeches and writings pepnssent overt —
acts.

Whatever your verdict, gentlemen, it cannot possibly affect the rising
tide of discontent in this country against war which, despite all boasts, is

a war for conquest and military power. Neither can it affect the ever
__ increasing opposition to conscription which is a military and industrial
: yoke placed upon the necks of the American people. Least of all will —

your verdict affect those to whom human life is sacred, and who will not —

_ become a party to the world slaughter. Your verdict can only add to the

Opinion of the world as to whether or not justice and uosery are a ie

forces in this country or a mere shadow of the past.

stout verdict may, of course, affect us temporarily, ; ina physical sense
~ it can have no effect whatever upon < our Spirit. For even if we were

 
452 Goldman: ‘The political criminal of today...’
tS seis ocean ce Se ee

Anarchism. They ate upon you because it must be decided sooner or
later whether we are justified in telling people that we will give them
democracy in Europe, when we have no democracy here? Shall free
speech and free assemblage, shall criticism and opinion — which even the
espionage bill did not include — be destroyed? Shall it be a shadow of the
past, the great historic American past? Shall it be trampled underfoot by
any detective, or policeman, anyone who decides upon it? Or shall free
speech and free press and free assemblage continue to be the heritage of
the American people? |

Gentlemen of the jury, whatever your verdict will be, as far as we are
concerned, nothing will be changed. I have held ideas all my life. I have
_ publicly held my ideas for twenty-seven yeats. Nothing on earth would
ever make me change my ideas except one thing; and that is, if you will
‘prove to me that our position is wrong, untenable, or lacking in historic
fact. But never would I change my ideas because I am found guilty. I
may remind you of two great Americans, undoubtedly not unknown to
— you, gentlemen of the jury; Ralph Waldo Emerson and Henry David
Thoreau. When Thoreau was placed in prison for refusing to pay taxes,
_ he was visited by Ralph Waldo Emerson and Emerson said: ‘David,
 - what are you doing in jail?’ and Thoreau replied: ‘Ralph, what are you
|. doing outside, when honest people are in jail for their ideals?’ Gentlemen
of the jury, I do not wish to influence you. I do not wish to appeal to
your passions. I do not wish to influence you by the fact that I am a
F woman. I have no such desires and no such designs. I take it that you
_ ate sincere enough and honest enough and brave enough to render a
_ verdict according to your convictions, beyond the shadow of a reasonable

GE Se ee =
Please forget that we are Anarchists. Forget that it is claimed that we
_ propagated violence. Forget that something appeared in Mother Earth
when I was thousands of miles away, three years ago. Forget all that,

  
    
   
   
 
  

those overt acts been proven? We for the defense say they have not been _
_ proven. And therefore your verdict must be not guilty. aa

_ But whatever your decision, the struggle must go on. We are but the —
ao atoms in the incessant human struggle towards the light that shi nes: in a

es the darkness — the Ideal of economic, political and spiritual liberation of =
mankind! — . = | Si gia emanate, fone

7 a : Goldman and Berkman were found guilty, fined $10,000 and | sentenced tot

   
 
‘La Pasionaria’: ‘Fascism shall not pass’ 453
<email att tae trae hit ef RE AEE LOO OE a ee

years in prison. Goldman was deported to Russia in 1919 but returned to the
United States in 1924.

DOLORES IBARRURI GOMEZ
‘La Pasionaria’
23 August 1936

‘Fascism shall not pass’

The Spanish writer and politician Dolores Tharruri Gomez ( 1895- 1 989), the
daughter of a Basque miner, joined the Socialist Party in 1917, worked as a
journalist for the workers’ press, where she used the pseudonym La Pastonaria (the
passion flower), and helped to begin the Spanish Civil War with her passionate
speeches against the Fascists. One hundred thousand Valencia workers cheered La
Pasionaria on when she delivered this characteristically fiery AeMUnCaPLOR 7 eS
to the People’s Front at the Mestal stadium. 3 ey

  
 
    
    
 
    
   
     
     

= Comrades, ee of Valencia!

have come to you, my mouth filled with the acrid taste of gunpowder, 4
my mind filled with the impressions of the difficulties facing our
_ comrades who are fighting on the summits and slopes of the Guadarra- —

- mas, who realize the importance of our struggle and who are prepared 4
_ to die rather than fall into the clutches of fascism. I have come to you —
from the field of battle, from that great fight which is assuming the
_ character of a heroic epic, for we entered battle armed only with
enthusiasm, self-sacrifice and supreme devotion to the cause of the
_ people in order to fight an enemy furnished with all the means
> warfare, which he has stolen fromthe people... mee
ees, when — abe a line to a the efemy who i is threate in

   
  
 
454 ‘La Pasionaria’: ‘Fascism shall not pass’

$$ eee
ideals which lead us into battle. The enemy therefore has no dash and
impetuosity, whereas we ate borne on the wings of our ideals, of our
love, not for the Spain which is dying together with the enemy, but for
the Spain we want to have — a democratic Spain.

When we speak of Spain, we mean not only the name; we mean q
democratic Spain, not the Spain which is clinging to her old traditions;
we mean a Spain which will give the peasants land, which will socialize
industry under the control of the workers, which will introduce social
insurance so that the worker may not be condemned to a homeless old
age; we mean a Spain which will completely and comprehensively, and
in a revolutionary spirit, solve the economic problems that lie at the
foundation of all revolutions. (Load and prolonged applause.)

On all fronts communists, anarchists, socialists and republicans are
fighting shoulder to shoulder. We have also been joined by non-party
people from town and country, because they too have realized what a
eIOry: for fascism would mean to Spain.
= The: struggle, started within the frontiers of our country, is already
ae an international character, because the working people of the
whole world know that if fascism were to triumph in Spain, every
moctatic country in the world would be confronted with the fascist
| danger. The working people have realized this, as is borne out by the
“messages of solidarity we are constantly receiving from all parts of
the world. International fascism, too, has realized the significance of the
, struggle of the Spanish people against the enemies who have violated

their oath of loyalty to the country and to the country’s flag. These
violators of theit vows have broken their promises and have rebelled in

vile alliance with seditionary priests and debauched sons of the aristo-
- cracy, and are committing endless crimes in all the ee places
through which they pass. One needs the brush of Goya. . . to depict the
horrors and revolting crimes committed by these elements led by arro-

gant fascist generals who have long ago tevealed who they ate and what
_ they are capable of. |
Dante’s Inferno is Gar a aie reflection of what happens in places
through which these modern vandals pass. The slaughtered children and
old people, the raped and hacked bodies of women, the demolished
_ monuments of art... Wherever they pass they sow death and desolation. —
And what is shit place in the districts captured by the fascists ee
shave taken place all over Spain, if they had not ‘bach opposed - ace
sree inspired by faith in its own strength. Go ae oe
= ; cM shall very soon achieve victory and return to our children . amass (ep

 
 
   
 
 
 
 
  
  
   
   
 
 
 
   
 
  
   

—
Friedan: “A woman’s civil right?’ SS
re
Gomez left for the Soviet Union when Franco won power in 1939. She ened
to Spain in 1977 and at the age of eighty-one was re-elected to the National

Assem mbly.

BETTY FRIEDAN
=== 1969

‘A woman's cwil right’

A forty-two-year-old housewife and mother of three shocked American social
structures to the core in 1963 when she ae The Feminine Mystique,
the best-seller that launched the modern women’s movement. Betty Friedan
(1921—) contended that deeply entrenched attitudes and social barriers imprisoned
women in a ‘housewife trap’. She called for expanded career opportunities,
equality with men and set out to destroy the myth of the happy housewife.
Some women burned their bras; others cast off their apres = OF their 3
husbands. = a= = = =
“I did not set out consctously to start a revolution when I wrote The Feminine —

_ Mystique,’ Friedan wrote later, ‘but it changed my life, as a woman and as a
writer, and other women tell me it changed theirs.’ She went on to become the oe
president of the National Organization of Women and Soe of ed National —
Y omen’s Political Caucus. —

Alt the first national conference for repeal of sharin fis Derey Prides fave
this pemerpel Speech ee ei as a woman’ s civil nage |

 

Womca; even though they’ re almost too ‘visible as sex Sbicas in i
country, are invisible people. As the Negro was the invisible man, so =

women are the invisible people in America today: women who have a

_ share in the decisions of the mainstream of government, of politics, of |

_ the church — who don’t just cook the church supper, but. preach the

_ Setmon; who don’t just look up the ZIP codes and address the envelopes,
but make the political decisions; who don’t just do the housework of

industry but make some of the executive decisions. Women, above all,

— = what their ¢ own lives and —s are going to a and ne

 
456 Priedan: ‘A woman's civil right’

ee

society's denigration of us in these terms and our own self-
as people.

Am I saying that women must be liberated from sex? No. I am saying
that sex will only be liberated to be a human dialogue, sex will only
cease to be a sniggering, dirty joke and an obsession in this society,
when women become active self-determining people, liberated to 4
creativity beyond motherhood, to a full human creativity. |

Am I saying that women must be liberated from motherhood? No. I
am saying that motherhood will only be a joyous and responsible human
act when women are free to make, with full conscious choice and full
human responsibility, the decisions to become mothers. Then, and only
then, will they be able to embrace motherhood without conflict, when
they will be able to define themselves not just as somebody’s mother,
not just as servants of children, not just as breeding receptacles, but as
people for whom motherhood is a freely chosen part of life, freely

celebrated while it lasts, but for whom creativity has many more
_ dimensions, as it has for men.
‘Then, and only then, will motherhood cease to be a curse and a chain
for men and for children. For despite all the lip service paid to mother-
__ hood today, all the roses sent on Mother’s Day, all the commercials and
_ the hypocritical ladies’ magazines’ celebration of women in their roles as
| housewives and mothers, the fact is that all television or night-club
- comics have to do is go before a microphone and say the words ‘my
_ wife’, and the whole audience erupts into gales of guilty, vicious and
_ obscene laughter. |
F ---The hostility between the sexes has never been worse. The image of
women in avant-garde plays, novels and movies, and behind the family
_ situation comedies on television is that mothers are man-devouring,
_ cannibalistic monsters, or else Lolitas, sex objects — and objects not even ©
of heterosexual impulse, but of sadomasochism. That impulse — the
_ punishment of women — is much more of a factor in the abortion
question than anybody ever admits, © | Be ea
Motherhood is a bane almost by definition, or at least partly so, as
m long as women are forced to be mothers — and only mothers — against —
_ their will. Like a cancer cell living its life through another cell, women |
_ today are forced to live too much through their children and husbands
_ (they are too dependent on them, and therefore are forced to take too
much varied resentment, vindictiveness, inexpressible resentment and

denigration

   
  
   
 
  
   

 

 

 

__ Tage out on their husbands and children),

Es
a

___ Perhaps it is the least understood fact of American political life: the

 
kere

a ae ee

 

ment, the sterility of love when it is not between two fully active, joyous ©

afraid. They are not allowed to express ‘their own sensitivity, their own

Friedan: ‘A woman's civil right’ 457
a ee

enormous buried violence of women in this country today. Like all
oppressed people, women have been taking their violence out on their
own bodies, in all the maladies with which they plague the MDs and the
psychoanalysts. Inadvertently, and in subtle and insidious ways, they
have been taking their violence out, too, on their children and on their
husbands, and sometimes they’re not so subtle.

The battered-child syndrome that we are hearing more and more
about from our hospitals is almost always to be found in the instance of
unwanted children, and women are doing the battering, as much or
more than men. In the case histories of psychologically and physically
maimed children, the woman is always the villain, and the reason is our
definition of her: not only as passive sex object, but as mother, servant,
someone else’s mother, someone else’s wife.

Am I saying that women have to be liberated from men? That men
are the enemy? No. I am saying the men will only be truly liberated to
love women and to be fully themselves when women are liberated to
have a full say in the decisions of their lives and their society.

Until that happens, men are going to bear the guilty burden of the
passive destiny they have forced upon women, the suppressed resent-

people, but has in it the element of exploitation. And men will not be
free to be all they can be as long as they must live up to an image of |
masculinity that disallows all the tenderness and sensitivity in a man, all
that might be considered feminine. Men have enormous Capacities in
them that they have to repress and fear in order to live up to the
obsolete, brutal, bear-killing, Ernest Hemingway, crew-cut Prussian,
napalm-all- the- children-in- Vietnam, bang-bang-you’ te-dead image of
masculinity. Men are not allowed to admit that they sometimes are

 

ms

need to be passive sometimes and not always active. Men are not ae
allowed to cry. So they are only half-human, as women are only half. ;

- human, until we can go this next step forward. All the burdens an
-_fesponsibilities that men are ‘supposed to shoulder alone makes -

 

think, resent women’s a much as that ee Rae be « a =
| for women. :

5 apeee oe at ata age rods ia we got to iat ith: ‘each

Es Z _ Whether they do it with or without the benefit of ma
i << of i it, The real seem ronan is athe emerg
458 Friedan: ‘A woman's civil right’

Sse cla

seductions, the waste, the worshiping of false gods in our affluent
society, to full self-determination and full dignity. And it is the emergence

of men from the stage where they are inadvertent brutes and masters to
sensitive, complete humanity.

This revolution cannot happen without radical changes in the family
as we know it today; in our concepts of marriage and love, in our
architecture, our cities, our theology, our politics, our art. Not that
women are special. Not that women are superior. But these expressions
of human creativity are bound to be infinitely more various and enriching
when women and men are allowed to relate to each other beyond the
strict confines of the Ladies’ Home Journal’s definition of the Mamma and
Papa mattiage.

If we are finally allowed to become full people, not only will children

_ be born and brought up with more love and responsibility than today,

but we will break out of the confines of that sterile little suburban family

_to relate to each other in terms of all of the possible dimensions of our
_ personalities — male and female, as comrades, as colleagues, as friends, as
lovers. And without so much hate and jealousy and buried resentment
and hypoctisies, there will be a whole new sense of love that will make
_ what we call love on Valentine’s Day look very pallid.
| It’s crucial, therefore, that we see this question of abortion as more
| than a quantitative move, more than a politically expedient move.
| Abortion repeal is not a question of political expediency. It is part of
- something greater. It is historic that we are addressing ourselves this
_ weekend to perhaps the first national confrontation of women and men.
~ Women’s voices are finally being heard aloud, saying it the way it is
' about the question of abortion both in its most basic sense of morality
- and in its new political sense as part of the unfinished revolution of

sexual equality. posi oe ee le
In this confrontation, we are making an important milestone in this |
marvelous revolution that began long before any of us here were born
_ and which still has a long way to go. As the pioneers from Mary
- Wollstonecraft to Margaret Sanger gave us the consciousness that
brought us from our several directions here, so we here, in changing the
very terms of the debate on abortion to assert woman’s right to choose,
and to define the terms of out lives ourselves, move women further to_
full human dignity. Today, we moved history forwagds oo

  
  
    

OOS a

  
 
a

DAVID LLOYD GEORGE
21 September 1914

‘The great pinnacle of sacrifice

Many speeches were made in the autumn of 1914 rallying the British for the war
with Germany — but none matched in sheer poetic eloquence this address by Lloyd
George, whose war speeches were described as standing like ‘superannuated spells .
Although there was a broad consensus about the justice of the war, the one
element required to make it acceptable to a liberal society was some kind of broad,
humane justification to explain what the war was really about. goes
‘Lloyd George remained suspiciously silent during the early weeks, Says the
British historian Kenneth O. Morgan. ‘But in an eloquent address to a massed
audience of his Welsh fellow-countrymen at the Queen's Hall, London, he
committed himself without reserve to a fight to the finish. He occupied, or claimed
to occupy, the highest moral ground. It was, he declared, a war on ea of liberal
principles, a crusade on behalf of the ‘little five foot- five nations .
‘Tt was not surprising that a claim that the war was a holy cause, backed up not
only by the leaders of all the Christian churches but by all the Liberal pantheon of
heroes from Fox to Gladstone, met with an instant eves not least in the
smaller a of S cotland and Wales within Britain stself.”

   

This is the story of two little nations. The siorld owes ae to little
_fiations ... The greatest art in the world was the work of little nations;
the most eadorng literature of the world came from little nations; the
greatest literature of England came when she was a nation of the size of
_ Belgium fighting a great empire. The heroic deeds that thrill humanity
_ through generations were the deeds of little nations fighting for their
_ freedom. Yes, and the salvation of mankind came through a little nation.
God has chosen little nations as the vessels by which He carries His E
2 choicest wines to the lips of humanity, to tejoice their hearts, to exalt ae
their vision, to stimulate and strengthen their faith; and if we had stood
by when two little nations were being crushed and broken by the brutal. iA
aoe hands of barbarism, our t shame would have rung down the evelaaniag 2 a
a SRR ae ea oe | . ; 2a
= ‘But Germany insists ¢ that this is an attack by a lower civilization upon
a higher one. As a matter of fact, the attack was begun by the civilization

ae ale itself Eee higher one. Tr am no apologist for Russia; she has”

ay Se ae (ae ee ey eee ee Oe Mr gh aly ak At Te i e ? f Pe ee t a a As. * rg fe: ie ae os gene oat ie Prat Wee P
ig eR re Pee eee ere eh Ree Cee ey Fe RT at SOU E Ge gy Out MeN «ROAR EN ene aay S ) eareey fad Lee) Pome ee ns ee ee pee eo ae
Or Sie eae as Ao 4 Para Wie ei icra a et ee , ea Tey ge ee ae poe wan wee 3e bs oe eee ee
t ‘ rc 1 4 ; Esl ae Fe Pj : ave or oy
P { : Py ‘ ay : ; ¥ : oe
t ; : j

 

 

ee Te

 

   
462 Lloyd George: ‘The great pinnacle of sacrifice’
a es

perpetrated deeds of which I have no doubt her best sons are ashamed.
What empire has note But Germany is the last empire to point the finger
of reproach at Russia. Russia has made sacrifices for freedom — great
sacrifices. Do you remember the cry of Bulgaria when she was torn by
the most insensate tyranny that Europe has ever seen? Who listened to
that cry? The only answer of the ‘higher civilization’ was that the liberty
of the Bulgarian peasants was not worth the life of a single Pomeranian
soldier. But the ‘rude barbarians’ of the north sent their sons by the
thousand to die for Bulgarian freedom. What about England? Go to
Greece, the Netherlands, Italy, Germany, France — in all those lands I
could point out places where the sons of Britain have died for the
freedom of those peoples. France has made sacrifices for the freedom of
other lands than her own. Can you name a single country in the world
for the freedom of which modern Prussia has ever sacrificed a single life?
By the test of our faith the highest standard of civilization is the
_____teadiness to sacrifice for others. 3 | |

3 ___ Have you read the Kaiser’s speeches? They are full of the glitter and
» _ bluster of German militarism — ‘mailed fist’ and ‘shining armour’. Poor
_ old mailed fist! Its knuckles are getting a little bruised. Poor shining —
| armour! The shine is being knocked out of it. There is the same swagger
_ and boastfulness running through the whole of the speeches. The extract
_ which was given in the British Weekly this week is a very remarkable
_ product as an illustration of the spirit we have to fight. It is the Kaiser’s.
__ speech to his soldiers on the way to the front:

Remember that the German people are the chosen of God. On me,
the German Emperor, the Spirit of God has descended. I am His -
sword, His weapon and His Vicegerent. Woe to the disobedient,
and death to cowards and unbelievers. . Se

 

Wee w sa ve

Lunacy is always distressing, but sometimes it is dangerous; and when
you get it manifested in the head of the state, and it has become the
policy of a great empire, it is about time that it should be ruthlessly put
away. I do not believe he meant all these speeches; it was simply the —
- martial straddle he had acquired. But there were men around him who
meant every word of them. This was their religion. Treaties? They
tangle the feet of Germany in her advance. Cut them with the sword!
Little nations? They hinder the advance of Germany. Trample them in—
the mire under the German heel. The Russian Slav? He challenges the -
supremacy of Germany in Europe. Hurl your legions at him and — ;
massacre him! Britain? She is a constant menace to the predominance of ~~

 
Lloyd George: ‘The great pinnacle of sacrifice’ 463
a a a oe ee

Germany in the world. Wrest the trident out of her hand. Christianity?
Sickly sentimentalism about sacrifice for others! Poor pap for German
digestion! We will have a new diet. We will force it upon the world. It
will be made in Germany — the diet of blood and iron. What remains?
Treaties have gone. The honour of nations has gone. Liberty has gone.
What is left? Germany. Germany is left! “Deutschland aber Alles!

That is what we are fighting — that claim to predominance of a
material, hard civilization which, if it once rules and sways the world,
liberty goes, democracy vanishes. And unless Britain and her sons come

to the rescue it will be a dark day for humanity.
Have you followed the Prussian Junker and his doings? We are not
fighting the German people. The German people are under the heel of
this military caste, and it will be a day of rejoicing for the German
peasant, artisan and trader when the military caste is broken. You know
its pretensions. They give themselves the air of demigods. They walk —
the pavements, and civilians and their wives are swept into the gutter;
they have no right to stand in the way of a great Prussian soldier. Men,
women, nations — they all have to go. He thinks all he has to say is, “We
are in a hurry.’ That is the answer he gave to Belgium — ‘Rapidity of
action is Germany’s greatest asset,’ which means, ‘I am in a hurry; clear —
out of my way.’ You know the type of motorist, the terror of the roads,
with a sixty-horse-power car, who thinks the roads are made for him,
and knocks down anybody who impedes the action of his car by a single
mile an hour. The Prussian Junker is the road-hog of Europe. Small
nationalities in his way are hurled to the roadside, bleeding and broken.
Women and children are crushed under the wheels of his cruel car, and
Britain is ordered out of his road. All I can say is this: if the old British
spirit is alive in British hearts, that bully will be torn from his seat. Were
he to win, it would be the greatest catastrophe that has befallen demo-
cracy since the day of the Holy Alliance and its ascendancy.
They think we cannot beat them. It will not be easy. It will be a long
job; it will be a terrible war; but in the end we shall march through
terror to triumph. We shall need all our qualities — every quality

   

that

_ Britain and its people possess — prudence in counsel, daring in action
tenacity in purpose, courage in defeat, moderation j ll

Nn victory; in all —

 
464 Lloyd George: ‘The great pinnacte of sacrifice’
ee ee ee a ee ee ee ee

destruction. This is a description given of us in Germany — ‘a timorous,
craven nation, trusting to its Fleet’. I think they are beginning to find
their mistake out already — and there are half a million young men of
Britain who have already registered a vow to their King that they will
cross the seas and hurl that insult to British courage against its perpetra-

tors on the battlefields of France and Cems We want half a million
more; and we shall get them. | |

I envy you young people your opportunity. They h ae put up the age
limit for the Army, but I am sorry to say I have marched a good many
years even beyond that. It is a ‘great opportunity, an opportunity that
only comes once in many centuries to the children of men. For most
generations sacrifice comes in drab and weariness of spirit. It comes to

you today, and it comes today to us all, in the form of the glow and
thrill of a great movement for liberty, that impels millions throughout
_ Europe to the same noble end. It is a great war for the emancipation of
_ Europe from the thraldom of a military caste which has thrown its
shadows upon two generations of men, and is now plunging the world
into a welter of bloodshed and death. Some have already given their
ae. ‘There are some who have given more than their own lives; =e
; have given the lives of those who are dear to them. I honour their
Ss courage, and may God be their comfort and their strength. But their
| teward is at hand; those who have fallen have died consecrated deaths.
_ They have taken their part in the making of a new Europe — a new
world. I can see signs of its coming in the glare of the battlefield.

The people will gain more by this struggle in all lands than they
comprehend at the present moment. It is true they will be free of the
greatest menace to their freedom. That is not all. There is something —

infinitely greater and more enduring which is emerging already out of

this great conflict — a new patriotism, richer, nobler, and more exalted

= than the old. I see amongst all classes, high and low, shedding 1 themselves _ |

of selfishness, a new recognition that the honour of the country does not ; #
depend merely on the maintenance of its glory i in the stricken field, but |
also in protecting its homes from distress, It is bringing a new outlook |

for all classes. The great flood of luxury and sloth which had anes ~

the land is receding, and a new Britain is appearing. We can see fort the =

> first time the fundamental things that matter i in life, and that have been
= obscured from our vision by the tropical growth of prosperity. So
a May I tell you in a a simple ae what I think = eo ee ea it : oy dhe os OF

  
   
   
Lenin: ‘Long live the world socialist revolution!’ 465
Ree Se ce ee ee

 

from all the bitter blasts. But it is very enervating, and I remember how
the boys were in the habit of climbing the hill above the village to have

a glimpse of the great mountains in the distance, and to be stimulated
and freshened by the breezes which came from the hilltops, and by the
great spectacle of theit grandeur. We have been living in a sheltered
_ valley for generations. We have been too comfortable and too indulgent
__—many, perhaps, too selfish — and the stern hand of fate has scourged us
to an elevation where we can see the great everlasting things that matter
for a nation — the great peaks we had forgotten, of Honour, Duty,
Patriotism, and, clad in glittering white, the great pinnacle of Sacrifice
pointing like a rugged finger to Heaven. We shall descend into the
_ valleys again; but as long as the men and women of this generation last,
they will carry in their hearts the image of those great mountain peaks

whose foundations are not shaken, though Europe rock and sway in the
convulsions of a great war.

 

From the moment of his Queen's Hall speech, Lloyd George challenged Asquith,
the Prime Minister. ‘Unconsciously, perhaps even unwillingly, he was offering —
= himself as the man who could run the war better,’ says A.].P. Taylor. Eis
George became Prime Minister in 1916 and led Britain to victory. | x

 

 

V.I. LENIN :
15 April 1917. ee

— ‘Long live the world sonane revolution!”

- A Lfter the Russian revolution of Mae 1 1 iG ae Maveled back to Petrograd — a
: from ¥ witzerland, passing through Germany in a sealed train provided by the
German general staff, 1 who counted on the Bolsheviks Prendins disaffection can i
e Russian rE Bs =

4 e Man He pba “ibaxt5 ly or cv | war + and gery
rev lation. cn ein eae | a

 
466 Lenin: “Long live the world socialist revolution!’
SSS
in your persons the victorious Russian revolution, and greet you as
the vanguard of the worldwide proletarian army . . . The piratical im-
perialist war is the beginning of civil war iectetiort Europe...
The hout is not far distant when the peoples will turn their arms
against their own capitalist exploiters ... The worldwide socialist
revolution has already dawned ... Germany is seething ... Any
day now the whole of European capitalism may crash. The Russian

revolution accomplished by you has prepared the way and opened
a new epoch. Long live the worldwide socialist revolution!

A s Lenin left the room, an officer on the platform outside saluted him and a
detachment of soldiers with bayonets stood to attention. A great roar of a cheer
went up from the revolutionary workers and sailors of Petrograd who had come to
— greet him. The sailors presented arms and their commander reported to Lenin for

duty. They wanted him to ies it was whispered. Lenin care a few paces and
_ took off bis bowler hat.

   
   

= don’ t ‘know. yet eieker you agree with the Provisional Govern-
ment. But I know very well that when they give you sweet
speeches and make many promises they are deceiving you and the
_ whole Russian people. The people need peace. The people need
_ bread and land. And they give you war, hunger, no food, and the
land remains with the landowners. Sailors, comrades, you ‘must _
fight for the revolution, fight to the end.

Lenin remained in Petrograd until 18 July, when the failure of an abortive Soviet

coup d’état forced him to escape again to Finland. He returned to Petrograd on
23 October and from his headquarters in the Smolny Institute led the rising which

= captured the government offices. The Bolshevik forces went into action on 25 October.
The key points in the city were occupied. Members of the provisional Lovernment Z

were prisoners or fugitives. That afternoon, Lenin announced to a meeting of the
Petrograd Soviet the triumph of the workers’ and peasants’ revolution’. =

- Comrades, the workers’ aud peasants’ Sovolution: aha he necessity of |
which the Bolsheviks have always spoken, has been accomplished.
What is the significance of this workers’ and peasants’ revolution? Its

= : _ significance is, first of all, that we shall have a Soviet government, our
own organ of power, in which the bourgeoisie will have no share |

whatsoever. The oppressed masses will themselves create a power. Tt
old state a will be ‘shattered to its fous idati :

   

 
Lenin: ‘Long le the world socialist revolution!’ 467

third Russian revolution, should in the end lead to the victory of socialism.
; One of our urgent tasks is to put an immediate end to the war. It is
clear to everybody that in order to end this war, which is closely bound
up with the present capitalist system, capital itself must be fought.

We shall be helped in this by the world working-class movement,
which is already beginning to develop in Italy, Britain and Germany.
. The proposal we make to international democracy for a just and
= immediate peace will everywhere awaken an ardent response among the
_ international proletarian masses. All the secret treaties must be immedi-
_ ately published in order to strengthen the confidence of the proletariat.

Within Russia a huge section of the peasantry have said that they have
__ played long enough with the capitalists, and will now march with the ©
workers. A single decree putting an end to landed proprietorship will
win us the confidence of the peasants. The peasants will understand that
_ the salvation of the peasantry lies only in an alliance with the workers.
_ We shall institute genuine workers’ control over production. = 3
We have now learned to make a concerted effort. The revolution that
~ has just been accomplished is evidence of this. We possess the strength =
= of mass organization, which will overcome Eas and lead the
aos to the world revolution. =

We must now set about building a proletarian socialist state in Russia,
Bice live the world socialist revolution! G. amy 2pEEAL a

 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
   
  
 
   
   
 
   
  
    
   
     

E te. evening es second All-Russian Congress of Si oviets pelea the transfer
of all power throughout Russia to Soviets of Workers’, Soldiers’ and Peasants’
Deputies. As Lenin stood at the reading-stand, he was greeted by a long-rolling
ovation. When it finished, he said simply: ‘We shall now proceed to construct the
| socialist order.’ Again there was an overwhelming human roar. The congress”
- adopted decrees on peace and on the land and approved the composition of the
_ Council of People’s Commissars — the first 3 workers’ and peasants’ government.
Yet the Bolsheviks were massively defeated in the elections that followed. hee
the Constituent Assembly, the dream of Russia’s revolutionaries and liberals jor zs
nearly a century, met in January 1918, it was dissolved by force.
The Bolsheviks seized power and went on, particularly under Lenin's successor #
Joseph S. talin, to construct one of the worst tyrannies of the twentieth ee
nin and the party, the man and the instrument, were now indissolubly one,’ laa
Feit. Carr. oe panne’ had Peer taid of the anieey in the ane < mS

 
468 Wilson: ‘Man will see the truth’

a ee

WOODROW WILSON
25 September 1919

‘Man will see the truth’

When the Senate baulked at the League of Nations covenant, which he had
negotiated with the Allied leaders in Paris, Wilson, aged sixty-three, set out on a
great speaking tour through the West to rally the people to him and overcome
Senator Lodge. Thirty speeches were planned in twenty days.
‘Worn out by his labours; appalled at what might flow from the repudiation of
his handiwork; filled with a prophet’s vision and also, unfortunately, with the
_ vanity of Jonab, he refused all compromise,’ says Hugh Brogan. ‘His eloquence was
never greater. He defended the treaty with a passion worthy of a better cause...
i : choice, he assured them again and again, trying to press home the lessons of his
own education, lay between peace with the treaty, faults and all, or war without it.’
| At Pueblo, Colorado, where this speech was made, he suffered complete nervous
| exhaustion and collapsed. The tour was cancelled and Wilson returned to the
_ White House, where he suffered a massive stroke. The treaty was defeated in the

Senate by a small margin. For the fifteen remaining months of his presidency,
Wilson lay inert in the White House, doing nothing, saying nothing.

     
  

Again and again, my fellow citizens, mothers who lost their sons in
France have come to me and, taking my hand, have shed tears upon it
not only, but they had added, ‘God bless you, Mr President!’ Why, my
fellow citizens, should they pray God to bless me? I advised the
_ Congress of the United States to create the situation that led to the death
of their sons. I ordered their sons oversea. I consented to their sons
being put in the most difficult parts of the battle line, where death was |
certain, as in the impenetrable difficulties of the forest of Argonne. Why —
should they weep upon my hand and call down the blessings of God
_ upon me? Because they believe that their boys died for something that —
_ vastly transcends any of the immediate and palpable objects of the war.
_ They believe, and they rightly believe, that their sons saved the liberty
_ of the world. They believe that wrapped up with the liberty of the world
ds the continuous protection of that liberty by the concerted powers of — *
_ all civilized people. They believe that this sacrifice was made in order
_ that other sons should not be called upon for a similar gift — the gift of
___ life, the gift of all that died — and if we did not see this thing through, if

4.
ec
Aa 4:

 

 
Wilson: ‘Man will see the truth’ | 469
ea a ee ee re a he ee age en a ee

we fulfilled the dearest present wish of Germany and now dissociated
ourselves from those alongside whom we fought in the war, would not
something of the halo go away from the gun over the mantelpiece, or
the sword? Would not the old uniform lose something of its significance?
These men were crusaders. They were not going forth to prove the
might of the United States. They were going forth to prove the might of
B- justice and right, and all the world accepted them as crusaders, and their
transcendent achievement has made all the world believe in America as
_ it believes in no other nation organized in the modern world. There
seems to me to stand between us and the rejection or qualification of
this treaty the serried ranks of those boys in khaki, not only these boys
__ who came home, but those dear ghosts that still deploy upon the fields
me ot France:: , 3
_ My friends, on last Decoration Day I went to a beautiful hillside near
_ Paris, where was located the cemetery of Suresnes, a cemetery given
= overt to the burial of the American dead. Behind me on the slopes was
_ tank upon rank of living American soldiers, and lying before me upon
_ the levels of the plain was rank upon rank of departed American
_ soldiers. Right by the side of the stand where I spoke there was a little
group of French women who had adopted those graves, had made ~
_ themselves mothers of those dear ghosts by putting flowers every day
upon those graves, taking them as theit own sons, their own beloved,
_ because they had died in the same cause — France was free and the world
was free because America had come! I wish some men in public life who
are now opposing the settlement for which these men died could visit
such a spot as that. I wish that the thought that comes out of those
gtaves could penetrate their consciousness. I wish that they could feel
_ the moral obligation that rests upon us not to go back on those boys,
but to see the thing through, to see it through to the end and make.
good their redemption of the world. For nothing less depends upon
this decision, nos less than the liberation and salvation of the a
world. . | ig OP ee | ro ae
o> ¥ Ob will say, ‘Is the League an cahsolate guarantee against war?’ Nez i
do not know any absolute guarantee against the errors of human
S judgement or the violence of human passion, but I ask you this: if it is”

   

 
  
 

 

will not recur, but the probability that it will recur? The arrangements 0 of”
justice do not stand of themselves, my fellow citizens. The arrangements — |
: Hag treaty ¢ are just, but they need the ee of the combined peay
470 Gandhi: ‘Non-violence is the first article of my faith’

Serres

 

 

+ ean ern
on

of the great nations of the world. And the y will have that support. Now
that the mists of this great question have cleared away, I believe that
men will see the truth, eye to eye and face to face. There is one thing
that the American people always rise to and extend their hand to, and
that is the truth of justice and of liberty and of peace. We have accepted
that truth and we are going to be led by it, and it is going to lead us,
and through us the world, out into pastures of quietness and peace such
as the world never dreamed of before.

MAHATMA GANDHI
23 March 1922

Ne on- -violence is the first aniiegs of ne faith’ —

GG di as leader of the I ndian N Final Co ongress in 1920 and the Congress
lopted his programme of S atyagraha, non-violent non-cooperation, which he had
er practised in South A frica ‘I discovered that pursuit of truth did not admit
violence being inflicted on one’s opponent,’ Gandhi wrote, ‘but that he must be
aned | from error by patience and sympathy. For what appears to be truth to one
_ may appear to be error to the other. And patience means self-suffering. So the
_ doctrine came to mean vindication of truth, not by the infliction of suffering on the
, opponent but on one’s self.’
; _ Supporting the Satyagraha campaign, Gandhi travelled throughout India, often
| speaking to meetings of more than 100,000 Indians. He was constantly shadowed
by the police but it was not until 1922 that he was arrested and charged with

sedition for three articles in his magazine Young India. The great trial at
a pesadabal, at which Gandhi peat guilty, followed.

 
  
  
  
 
  
  
    
  

 Non-viclenee is the first article of my faith. It is the last article of my
- faith. But I had to make my choice. I had either to submit to a system
~ which I considered has done an irreparable harm to my country or incur
the risk of the mad fury of my people bursting forth when they —
7 = _ understood the truth from my lips. I know that my people have —
sometimes gone mad. I am deeply sorry for it; and I am therefore, here, :
to submit not to a light penalty but to the highest penalty, I do not ask Ye
; for ae FOY T do not es any ee act. r am eee shereiorey to cs

 
   
   

 

ee hae in ees is a deliberate crime Pit ah appears t
- highest duty of a citizen. The only course ete to ae

  
Gandhi: ‘Non-violence is the first article of my faith’ | 2ae

 

I am just going to say in my statement, either to resign your post or
inflict on me the severest penalty if you believe that the system and law
you are assisting to administer are good for the people. I do not expect
that kind of conversion. But by the time I have finished with my

statement you will, perhaps, have a glimpse of what is raging within my
breast to run this maddest risk which a sane man can run.

Gandhi then read his statement to the court.

  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
  
  
   
   
  
   
   
    
 

Little do town-dwellers know how the semi-starved masses of Indians
_ate slowly sinking to lifelessness. Little do they know that their miserable
comfort represents the brokerage they get for the work they do for the
foreign exploiter, that the profits and the brokerage are sucked from the
masses. Little do they realize that the government established by law in
= British India is carried on for this. exploitation of the masses. No |
_ sophistry, no jugglery in figures can explain away the evidence the
_ Skeletons in many villages present to the naked eye. I have no doubt
__ whatsoever that both England and the town-dwellers of India will have
_ to answer, if there is a God above, for this crime against humanity —
_ which is perhaps unequalled in history. The law itself in this country has
= - been used to serve the foreign exploiter. My experience of political cases
in India leads me to the conclusion that in nine out of every ten the
condemned men were totally innocent. Their crime consisted in love of
their country. In ninety-nine cases out of a hundred, justice has been
e denied to Indians as against Europeans 1 in the courts of India. This is not
an exaggerated picture. It is the experience of almost every Indian who
= has had anything to do with such cases. In my opinion the administration

of the law is thus prostituted consciously or unconsciously for the
benefit of the exploiter. ee |
The greatest Satan | is that Parictines and their Indian associates
‘in the administration of the country do not know that they are engaged
in the crime I have attempted to describe. I am satisfied that many —
English and Indian officials honestly believe that they are administering
one e of the best ee devised in HDS world and that adie is aes =

 

 

Ai

nee obi, ak terrorism aoa an Coteaieed display of force | on he” =
ele ae and the noe of all eres of retaliation or self-defence om 5

.. This sett abit fags added to “the ignorance ‘ann the a

el cece Se the administrators, Section 124-A under which I am
i siacete is eee the prince among the political sections bee the

  
472 Gandhi: ‘Now-violence is the first article of my faith
SS
Indian Penal Code designed to suppress the liberty of the citizen. A ffec-
tion cannot be manufactured or regulated by law. If one has no affection
for a person or thing one should be free to give the fullest expression
to his disaffection so long as he does not contemplate, promote or
incite to violence. But the section under which Mr Banker and I are
charged is one under which mere promotion of disaffection is a crime.
I have studied some of the cases tried under it, and I know that some
of the most loved of India’s patriots have been convicted under it. |
consider it a privilege, therefore, to be charged under it. I have endeav-
oured to give in their briefest outline the reasons for my disaffection.
I have no personal ill-will against any single administrator, much less
can I have any disaffection towards the King’s person. But I hold it
to be a virtue to be disaffected towards a government which in its
totality has done more harm to India than any previous system. India
is less manly under the British rule than she ever was before. Holding
Sea such ¢ a belief, I consider it to be a sin to have affection for the sys-
tem. “And it has been a precious privilege for me to be able to write
what: I have in the various articles tendered in evidence against me.
“In fact I believe that I have rendeted a service to India and England
by showing in non-cooperation the way out of the unnatural state in
which both are living. In my humble opinion, non-cooperation with
evil is as much a duty as is cooperation with good. But in the past,
non-cooperation has been deliberately expressed in violence to the
_evildoer. I am endeavouring to show to my countrymen that violent
non-cooperation only multiplies evil and that as evil can. only be sus-
_ tained by violence, withdrawal of support of evil requires complete
abstention from violence. Non-violence implies voluntary submission
to the penalty for non-cooperation with evil. I am here, therefore, to”
invite and submit cheerfully to the highest penalty that can be inflicted
upon me for what in law is deliberate crime and. what appears to me
to be the highest duty of a citizen. The only course open to you, the
__ Judge and the Assessors, is either to resign your posts and thus —
dissociate yourselves from evil if you feel that the law you are called
‘upon to administer is an evil and that in reality I am innocent, or to
inflict on me the severest penalty if you believe that the system and
the law you are assisting to administer are good for the people ft this .
a set and that my apvity | is therefore i sangus to the public weal.

 
   

: a ge bis. statement Stee the court, Gandbi was r sentenced fo six year ? ;

 
: Ss Our nation impels. —

 

Roosevelt: ‘The only thing we have to fear is fear itself’ 4/73
|

1930, 1933 and 1 942 when he went on hunger strike as part of his ana. 0 yf
civil atsobedience. He eventually collaborated with the English to gain independence

for India, which was proclaimed twenty-five years later. A saint to many Hindus,
he was assassinated in 1948.

FRANKLIN DELANO ROOSEVELT
4 March 1933

‘The eon thing we fice to fear i is fea itself’

The Depression had bit A merica like an sess. Te Mes 50 ‘tially
that the people had lost their self-confidence. On Inauguration Day 1933, the
banks were closed, financial transactions had ceased, and industry and business had
sunk. to their lowest levels. Ce a had created a a Le utter
. helplessness. “ee

America indeed seemed beyond help — until F eae D. Rovseneh, crippled
since 1921 when he had contracted polio and lost the use of both legs, won the 1 27)
presidential election by a majority of more than 12 million votes, 2702 fore two
states against six that voted for Hoover. ae 2

Now on a cold, windy March day the crippled Ransaiele a 88.2- 1945), aman

3 of power and vision who knew that he could save his aay, took, the Lae and
addressed the millions of A mericans listening to their radios. — — fae

His inaugural speech was one of the turning-points of ia tay: says
historian Hugh Brogan. In a few minutes he achieved what had eluded Hoover for |
ve eee years: he ee back to bis countrymen their hope and energy. =

 

Sane

"President Hoover, ‘Mr Chief Justice, my friends: Be ae
This is a_day of national consecration, and I am certain that my —

stellar Armericane expect. that on my induction i into the Presidency I will —

address them with a candor and 4 a decision which the present situation of =
- This is pre-eminently_ = time to > speak tie truth, ihe whee truth,

ae and boldly. Se need we shrink from honestly facing con.

in our | ditions:
. = : coer See as it has endured,

° — of ieee let bes San - firm belief ths

  
   

Mag

to fear is
474 Roosevelt: "The only thing we have to fear ts fear itself’
ee Ee A gs ag ee Re ee ep eer rane alec ee

In every dark hour of our national life a leadership of frankness and
vigot has met with that understanding and support of the people
themselves which is essential to victory. I am convinced that you will
again give that support to leadership in these critical days.
In such a spirit on my part and on yours we face our common difficul-
ties. They concern, thank God, only material things. Values have
shrunken to fantastic levels; taxes have risen; our ability to pay has
fallen, government of all kinds is faced by serious curtailment of income;
the means of exchange are frozen in the currents of trade; the withered
leaves of industrial enterprise lie on every side; farmers find no markets
for their produce; the savings of 1 many yeats in thousands of families are
gous.
More important, a host of unemployed citizens face the grim problem
of existence, and an equally great number toil with little return. Only a
ae foolish, optimist can deny the dark realities of the moment.
Es ae Yet out distress comes from no failure of substance. We are stricken
Ze by no plague of locusts. Compared with the perils which our forefathers
conquered because they believed and were not afraid, we have still much
to be thankful for. Nature still offers her bounty and human efforts have
‘multiplied it. Plenty is at our doorstep, but a generous use of it
languishes in the very sight of the supply.

Primarily, this is because the rulers of the exchange = mankind’s —
goods have failed through their own stubbornness and their own —
incompetence, have admitted that failure and abdicated. Practices of the

' unscrupulous money changers stand indicted in the court of public
= opmion, rejected by the hearts and minds of men.

_ True, they have tried, but their efforts have been cast in the pattern of
an outworn tradition. Faced by failure of credit, they have proposed —
— — the lending of more money. Bee =
a _ Stripped of the lure of profit by which to induce ¢ our Gaal to follow
= ae false leadership, they have resorted to exhortations, pleading teat
| fully for restored confidence. They know only the tules of a generation oe
of self-seekers. ae 3 aay

_ They have no vision, see wher there is is no vision ‘the people perish.

_ The money changers have fled from their high seats in the temple of
ae our civilization. We may now restore that temple to the ancient truths.

_ The measure of the restoration lies in the extent to, which we apply.
eS po values more noble than mere nae ae ‘i ae

   
  
  
   
Roosevelt: ‘The only thing we have to fear is fear itself’ 475

5

The joy and moral stimulation of work no longer must be forgotten
in the mad chase of evanescent profits. These dark days will be worth all
they cost us if they teach us that our true destiny is not to be ministered
unto but to minister to ourselves and to our fellow-men. |

Recognition of the falsity of material wealth as the standard of success
goes hand in hand with the abandonment of the false belief that public
office and high political position are to be valued only by the standards
of pride of place and personal profit; and there must be an end to a
conduct in banking and in business which too often has given tee a
sacred trust the likeness of callous and selfish wrongdoing.

Small wonder that confidence languishes, for it thrives only on —
honesty, on honor, on the sacredness of obligations, on faithful protec- _
tion, on unselfish performance. Without them it cannot live. |

Restoration calls, however, not for changes in ethics alone. This”
nation asks for action, and action now. a

Our greatest primary task is to put people to work. This is fo
unsolvable problem if we face it wisely and courageously . . =e

I favor as a practical policy the putting of first things tree I shall spare
no effort to restore world trade by international economic readjustment,
but the emergency at home cannot wait on that accomplishment.

The basic thought that guides these specific means of national recovery
is not narrowly nationalistic. : :

It is the insistence, as a first consideration, upon the interdependence

_ of the various elements in, and parts of, the United States —a recognition

of the old and permanently important manifestation of the American
spirit of the pioneer. 7

It is the way to recovety. It is the immediate a It is the strongest
assurance that the recovery will endure. . ag
In the field of world policy I would dedicate this nation to the =e Ss
of the good neighbor =the neighbor who resolutely respects himself “a
and, because he does so, respects the rights of others — the neighbor ;
who respects his obligations and respects the sanctity of his agreements
-inand with a world of neighbors. Be
If I read the temper of our people correctly, we now reali as we
have never before, our interdependence on each other; that we cannc t
_ merely take, but we must give as well; that if we are to go forward Ww
Must move as a trained and loyal army willing to sacrifice for the or ood
~ ofa common discipline, because, without such Weegee 3 no Progress is
made, no | leadership becomes effective: <2. - 25 os ae cae
: we ated know, ‘teady and willing to submit our lives and prope ty to

 

 
 
  
   
    
   

   
      
   
476 Roosevelt: ‘The only thing we have to fear is fear itself’

such discipline because it makes possible a leadetship which aims at a
larger good.
This I propose to offer, pledging that the larger purposes will bind

upon us all as a sacred obligation with a unity of duty hitherto evoked
only in time of armed strife.

With this pledge taken, I assume unhesitatingly the leadership of this

gteat army of out people, dedicated to a disciplined attack upon our
common problems.

Action in this image and to this end is feasible under the forms of
government which we have inherited from our ancestors.

Our Constitution is so simple and practical that it is possible always to

meet extraordinary needs by changes in Sraphasis and arrangement
without loss of essential form.
nae is why. our constitutional system has proved itself the most
= superbly enduring political mechanism the modern world has produced.
It has : met every stress of vast expansion of territory, of foreign wars, of
Ditter internal strife, of world relations .
_ 1 am prepared under my eaastientional duty to recommend the
_ measures that a stricken nation in the midst of a stricken world may
j tequire. :
These measures, or such other measures as the Congress may build
2 out of its experience and wisdom, I shall seek, within my constitutional
E paesnorty, to bring to speedy adoption.
But in the event that the Congress shall fail to take one of these two
- courses, and in the event that the national emergency is still critical, I
shall not evade the clear course of duty that will then confront me.
2} shall ask the Congress for the one remaining instrument to meet the
crisis — broad executive power to wage a wat against the emergency as
_ great as the power that would be given me if we were in fact invaded by
a foreign foe. — eae |
- 2 of the trust reposed i in me I will return the courage and the devotion
that befit the time. I can do no less. |
_ We face the arduous days that fe before us in the warm courage Gb:
“national unity; with the clear consciousness of seeking old and precious”
‘moral values; with the clean satisfaction that comes from the stern
performance of duty by old and young alike. egies hae : 3
_ We aim at the assurance of a rounded and permanent national life.

: = Ve do not distrust the future of essential democracy. The people of
oa _ the United States have not failed, In their need SE: have re istered
He _ mandate that they want direct, vigorous action... el ee

 
   
  
 
 
  
   
 
  
  
   
   
 
 
  
  
  

 
   
 
    
Hitler: ‘My patience is now at an end’ 477
3 ~

They have asked for discipline and direction under leadership. They
have made me the present instrument of their wishes. In the spirit of the

gift I take it.
In this dedication of a nation we humbly ask the blessing of God.

May He protect each and every one of us! May He guide me in the days
to come!

_ By the end of the week, half a million letters had been sent to the White House, a
flood that never dried up while Roosevelt was President. Words became deeds after
4 March and Roosevelt went on to win four successive elections.

ADOLF HITLER
26 September 1938

: ‘My Pam as now at an end” =

 

= mong all the millions of words of twentieth- century oratory, none are more

chilling than the seven that Hitler uttered at Pe Berlin S pee in S eptember
1938: ‘My patience is now at an end.’

The British Prime Minister, Neville Chamberlain, had visited Hitler twice in
the previous ten days but had been snubbed, even after offering a plan agreed Eee
Britain and France and accepted by the Czechs — but later repudiated by the
British Cabinet — — for the Sudeten districts = C pee es to be transferred to
espa without a plebiscite. ;

Chamberlain refused to give up hope ana dispatched Sar Horace Wilson ie
Germany with a personal appeal to Hitler suggesting direct negotiations between ae
the German and Czech governments, with the British present as a third party, in eS
the hope of peesuaiting Ti bim to moderate an tone e the speech he was due to ) make
in the Sportspalast. =a ee | | Stee oe

When Wilson aed Bree os bape the spuech was due, Hitler 1 was in bis +
most intransigent mood, working his resentment, hatred and PET ip to the
Bich where they would provide the necessary stimulus for his Speech, Sty ey a

thee hours ae ‘Chamberlain ia Benes the eos President, er the

 
478 Hitler: ‘My patience is now at an ena’
pete geese wee te a Ee een re

ert treet
ce

but it is the claim from which I will not recede and which, God willing,
I will make good.
The history of the problem is as follows: in 1918 under the watchword
‘The Right of the Peoples to Self-determination’ Central Europe was
torn in pieces and was newly formed by certain crazy so-called ‘states-
men’. Without regard for the origin of the peoples, without regard for
either their wish as nations or for economic necessities Central Europe at
that time was broken up into atoms and new so-called States wete
arbitrarily formed. To this procedure Czechoslovakia owes its existence.
This Czech state began with a single lie and the father of this lie was
named Benes. This Mr Bene§ at that time appeared in Versailles and he
first of all gave the assurance that there was a Czechoslovak nation. He
was forced to invent this lie in order to give to the slender number of
his own fellow-countrymen a somewhat greater range and thus a fuller
justification. And the Anglo-Saxon statesmen, who were, as always, not
__-very adequately versed in respect of questions of geography or national-
ity, did not at that time find it necessary to test these assertions of Mr
_ Bene’. Had they done so, they could have established the fact that there
_ is no such thing as a Czechoslovak nation but only Czechs and Slovaks .
and that the Slovaks did not wish to have anything to do with the
Czechs but .. . (¢he rest of the sentence was drowned in a tumultuous outburst of
_ applause).
So in the end through Mr Bene§ these Czechs annexed Slovakia. Since
_ this state did not seem fitted to live, out of hand three and a half million

Germans were taken in violation of their right to self-determination and
their wish for self-determination. Since even that did not suffice, over a

million Magyars had to be added, then some Carpathian Russians, and at
last several hundred thousand Poles.

That is this state which then later proceeded to call itself nadine
slovakia — in violation of the right of the peoples to self-determination, in
violation of the clear wish and will of the nations to which this violence
eee been done . | ee

_ Now the shambles part of this story begins. This state whose govern- _
— “ment is in the hands of a minority compels the other nationalities to —
| a3 cooperate in a policy which will oblige them one of these days to shoot _ ;
ee 3 fips own brothers. Mr BeneS demands of the German: ‘If I wage wat _
_ against Germany, then you have to shoot against the Germans. And it
‘ ee sie ree to ap his, ace are a traitor — the state >and T will have Le :

   
  
  
    
   

 
Hitler: ‘My patience is now at an end’ | 479

 

Slovak people are completely indifferent. For the Slovak people wishes
to have peace — and not adventures. Mr Beneé thus actually turns these
folk either into traitors to their country or traitors to their people.
Either they betray their people, are ready to fire on their fellow-country-
men, ot Mr Benes says: “You are traitors to your country and you will
be shot for that by me.’ Can there be anything more shameless than to
__ compel folk of another people, in certain circumstances, to fire on their
own fellow-countrymen only because a ruinous, evil, and criminal
«government so demands it?.I can here assert: when we had occupied
___ Austria, my first order was: no Czech needs to serve, rather he must not
ae

serve, in the German Army. I have not driven him to a conflict with his
conscience .

-

  
  
 
  
  
   
 
   
  
   
   
  
    
  
  
    
 
  

every hand revolutions are on the way. They place their hope on Soviet
Russia. He still thinks then that he = be able to evade the fulfilment oF
his obligations. | | ,

And then I can say ae one See now two men stand cad one
= _ against the other: there is Mr Bene’ and here stand I. We are two men of
a different make-up. In the great struggle of the peoples while Mr Bene’
— sneaking about through the world, I as a decent German soldier did —
= *S =o duty. And now today I stand over against this man as the soldier of

 

: 4 have =a a few statements still to make: I am grateful to Mr
_ Chamberlain for all his efforts. I have assured him that the German
people desires nothing else than peace, but I have also told him that I
cannot go back behind the limits set to our patience. I have further
assured him, and I tepeat it here, that when this problem is solved there
‘is for Germany no further territorial problem in Europe. And I have
further assuted him that at the moment when Czechoslovakia solves inet 3
problems, that" means when the Czechs have come to terms with their *
other minorities, and that ‘peaceably and not through oppression, then I _
have no further interest in the Czech state, And that is ‘guaranteed to %
him! We want no Czechs! Bees Bera ae = 555 =
ut in the same way I eve to state or the German people that
th tegard to the problem of the Sudeten Germans my patience is now —

a a0 end! I have made Mr Beneg an offer which is nothing but the = —
Catrying into effect of what he himself has promised. The decision ae

hands: Peace or War! He will either accept this offer and now

  
480 Hitler: ‘My patience is now at an end’
a ee a ee

at last give to the Germans their freedom or we will go and fetch this
freedom for ourselves. The world must take note that in four and a half

years of war and through the long years of my political life there is one

thing which no one could ever cast in my teeth: I have never been a
coward!

Now I go before my people as its first soldier and behind me — cat

the world should know — there marches a people and a different people
from that of 1918!

the poison of democratic catchwords — the people of today is no longer

the people that it was then. Such catchwords are for us like wasp-stings:
pas cannot hurt us: we are now immune.

In this hour the whole German people will unite with me! It will feel
my will to be its will. Just as in my eyes it is its future and its fate which

ee ive me the commission for my action.
____ And we wish now to make our will as strong as it was in the time of
our fight, the time when I, as a simple unknown soldier, went forth to
| conquer a Reich and never doubted of success and final victory.
_. Then there gathered close about me a band of brave men and brave
- women, and they went with me. And so I ask you my Getman people to
_ take your stand behind me, man by man, and woman by woman.
In this hour we all wish to form a common will and that will must be
stronger than every hardship and every danger.
And if this will is stronger than hardship and danger then one day. it
will break down hardship and danger. ,

We are determined!

Now let Mr Benes make his choice!

   
    

_ Alan Bullock, the distinguished Hitler biographer, describes this speech as a
masterpiece of invective which even Hitler never surpassed. Rarely, he said, had the
_ issue of war or peace been so Sapte) reduced to the personal resentment and anil)
i one man. 7 | : 3
Chamberlain tried yet again. Three days tee a Seillemeut of the crisis was

= | reached in Munich by the heads of government of Germany, Britain, France and
oi : Italy (Hitler, Chamberlain, ater and see and the Sudetenland was

annexed to Germany.

On 1 October German troops pe into the J adetenland. The S weond a orld
War started on 3 September the following mee ‘Ge eae ee

 
Churchill: ‘I have nothing to offer but blood, toil, tears and sweat’ 481

WINSTON CHURCHILL
13 May 1940

‘I have nothing to offer but blood, toil, tears and sweat’

On becoming Prime Minister, Churchil/ mobilized the language and oo it hie
on the first occasion only three days after he accepted office and had formed his
coalition Cabinet. It was Whit Monday and Churchill made a short speech to the
House of Commons. Yet on entering the chamber it was Chamberlain who got
more cheers than Churchill, whose support was mostly on the Labour benches.
The speech was unforgettable, imposing Churchill’ s character and resolve on the
Commons whether they liked it or not. The effect was electrifying, says Robert =
Rhodes James, one of his biographers. As he walked out = the chamber, he said Mi
one of bis aides: ‘That got the SODS, didw’tit? a
Churchill s war speeches were rhetorical and cheeky at the same time, Mio

and contemporary slang mixed together, according to A.J.P. Taylor, the English ©

historian. ‘The English welcomed his romantic wtterances, though themselves still
Speaking in more prosaic tones.’ |

 

It must be remembered that we are in the preliminary stage of one of the ’
greatest battles in history, that we are in action at many points in
Norway and in Holland, that we have to be prepared in the Mediter-
_ tanean, that the air battle is continuous and that many preparations have
to be made here at home. In this crisis I hope I may be pardoned if I do
not address the House at any length today. I hope that any of my friends”
and colleagues, or former colleagues, who are affected by the political
reconstruction, will make all allowance for any lack of ceremony with ©
which it has been necessary to act. I would say to the House, as I said to
those who. have joined the government: ‘I have nothing to offer but a
es blood, toil, tears and sweat.’ | St
ea. We have before us an eS) of the most gtievous kind. We nee
before us many, many long. ‘months of struggle and of suffering. You —
ote, what is our policy? I will say: It is to wage war, by sea, land and air, _
with all our might and with all the strength that God can give us: +a°° :
a “wage wat against a monstrous tyranny, never surpassed in the dark
lamentable catalogue of human crime. That is our policy. You ask, V Wh

a

= js our aim? I can answer in one word: Victory — victory at all c

Vic in, spite. of all terror, victory, however long and hai d

 
 

     
   
   
     
   
482 Churchill: “This was their finest hour’ :

eee
may be; for without victory, there is no survival, Let that be tealized;
no survival for the British Empire; no survival for all that the Btitish
Empire has stood for, no survival for the urge and impulse of the
ages, that mankind will move forward towards its goal. But I take up
my task with buoyancy and hope. I feel sure that our cause will not

be suffered to fail among men. At this time I feel entitled to claim

the aid of all, and I say, ‘Come, then, let us go forward together with
our united strength.’

—— aS WINSTON CHURCHILL
SS Sipe =

ae =< SS So = 5 “This was their ft hour’

   

Z ure Sats were read I by willows es it was Dae four hours later
oh it is — the best remembered Churchill — o the war, ——

    
   
    

resistance will be prolonged, both i in France and in the . French | Empire
overseas. The French j government: will be throwing a away great opportuni-

pian a ng sad rift oes foeare if — do 1 not continue oe war in

 

 

 
Kennedy: “A new generation of Americans’ 483

 

share the gains, aye, and freedom shall be restored to all. We abate
nothing of our just demands: not one jot or tittle do we recede. Czechs,
Poles, Norwegians, Dutch, Belgians have joined their causes to our
own. All these shall be restored.

What General Weygand called the Battle of France is over. I expect
that the Battle of Britain is about to begin. Upon this battle depends
the survival of Christian civilization. Upon it depends our own British
life, and the long continuity of our institutions and our empire. The
whole fury and might of the enemy must very soon be turned on us.
Hitler knows that he will have to break us in this island or lose the war.
If we can stand up to him, all Europe may be free and the life of the
world may move forward into broad, sunlit uplands. But if we fail,
then the whole world, including the United States, including all that
we have known and cared for, will sink into the abyss of a new Dark —

Age made mote sinister, and perhaps more protracted, by the lights
of perverted science. Let us therefore brace outselves to our duties
and so bear ourselves that, if the British Empire and its Common-

wealth last for a thousand years, men za still say, “This was their finest -
_ hour.’ |

   
   
 
    
 
   
      

_ JOHN eS KENNEDY Ss
3 a anuary 196) | : ae

i. new y generation af An mericans’

_ For men and women ae imme or r after the 5 ae World War, John Kennedy? a
inaugural address, signalling the arrival in power of a new generation and a HDs

four-year-old president, still burns in the nO) albeit that the speech has since
been criticized (by the Historian Haugh Brogan) as ‘an essay in the higher eloquence, :

co severnoitad had cade to ae i in i phe generation’ and ed at
to exclude men of under forty-four from positions of trust and command »

: : — have kept Jefferson from writing the Declaration of ianienaes and Wait ;
= e om Ca fae 2 aatiental A ae |

  
484 Kennedy: ‘A new generation of Americans’
a a are ee

second). The speech was concise (about 1,300 words compared with some 8,000 by
Harrison, the longest), the ideas were clear and forthright, the thoughts expressed
simple and the delivery movingly eloquent.

We observe today not a victory of party, but a celebration of freedom —
symbolizing an end, as well as a beginning — signifying renewal, as well
as change. For I have swotn before you and Almighty God the same
solemn oath our forebears prescribed nearly a century and three-quarters
ago.

The world is very different now. For man holds in his mortal hands
the power to abolish all forms of human poverty and all forms of human
life. And yet the same revolutionary beliefs for which our forebears
fought are still at issue around the globe — the belief that the rights of
man come not from the generosity of the state, but from the hand of
ee 3

We dare not forget today that we are the heirs of that first revolution.
— the word go forth from this time and place, to friend and foe alike,

=s that the torch has been passed to a new genetation of Americans — born
in this century, tempered by war, disciplined by a hard and bitter peace,
‘proud of our ancient heritage — and unwilling to witness or permit the
slow undoing of those human tights to which this nation has always
' been committed, and to which we are committed today at home and
around the world.
_ Let every nation know, whether it wishes us well or ill, that we shall
_ pay any price, bear any burden, meet any hardship, support any friend,
oppose any foe, in order to assure the survival and the success of liberty.
This much we pledge — and more. |
To those old allies whose cultural and spiritual Origins we share, we
SS pledge the loyalty of faithful friends. United, there is little we cannot do
__ in a host of cooperative ventures. Divided, there is little we can do — for
ae = we dare not meet a powerful challenge at odds and split asunder.
‘To those new states whom we welcome to the ranks of the free, we 3
oe pledge our word that one form of colonial control shall not have passed
away merely to be replaced by a far more iron tyranny. We shall not
_ always expect to find them supporting our view, But we shall always
hope to find them strongly supporting their own freedom — and to

remember that, in the past, those who oe sought Soe by ri riding *,
| the back of the tiger ended up inside. | 7

_ To those peoples in the huts and villages across ‘the globe serugglin
to break the bonds of mass ‘Milseey we pledge our t best: mee

  
   

 
 
 
 
 

 

  
ee ea ee ae

:
ey
sa
f

 

 

Kennedy: ‘A new generation of Americans’ — 485

 

them help themselves, for whatever period is required — not because the
Communists may be doing it, not because we seek their votes, but —
because it is right. If a free society cannot help the many who are poor,
it cannot save the few who are rich.

To our sister republics south of our border, we offer a special
pledge — to convert our good words into good deeds — in a new alliance
for progress — to assist free men and free governments in casting off the
chains of poverty. But this peaceful revolution of hope cannot become
the prey of hostile powers. Let all our neighbors know that we shall join
with them to oppose aggression or subversion anywhere in the Americas.

__ And let every other power know that this hemisphere intends to remain
_ the master of its own house. |

To that world assembly of sovereign states, the United Nations, our
last best hope in an age where the instruments of wat have far outpaced -
the instruments of peace, we renew our pledge of support — to prevent it
from becoming merely a forum for invective — to strengthen its shield of

the new and the weak — and to enlarge the area in which its writ may
sfun. |

Finally, to those nations who would make themselves our adversary,

ae we offer not a pledge but a request: that both sides begin anew the quest —
for peace, before the dark powers of destruction unleashed by science
= engulf all humanity in planned or accidental self-destruction.

We dare not tempt them with weakness. For only when our arms are

= Sufficient beyond doubt can we be certain beyond doubt that they will
2 never be employed. a =

But neither can two great and powerful groups of nations take

ee from our present course — both sides overburdened by the cost
= of modern weapons, both, rightly alarmed by the steady spread of the

_ deadly atom, yet both racing to alter that uncertain balance of terror that

- oo the hand of mankind’s final wat.

So let us begin anew — ‘remembering on both sides that civility is not of ae

asign of weakness, and sincerity is always subject to proof. Let us never
_ fegotiate out of fear. But let us never fear to negotiate.

Let both sides explore » what problems unite us instead of belaboring 3 =

: those problems which divide us. | me
_ Let both sides, for the first time, formulate serious and precise =

Ptoposals for the inspection and control of arms — and bring the —
absolute power to ail other nations under the absolute control of all ae

 

 

 
486 Kennedy: “A new generation of A mericans’

eee ee

terrors. Together let us explore the stars, conquer the deserts
disease, tap the ocean depths, and encourage the arts and commerce.

Let both sides unite to heed in all corners of the earth the command
of Isaiah — to ‘undo the heavy burdens ... and to let the oppressed go
free’; |

And if a beachhead of cooperation may push back the jungle of
suspicion, let both sides join in creating a new endeavor, not a new
balance of power, but a new world of law, where the strong are just and
the weak secure and the peace preserved.

All this will not be finished in the first 100 days. Nor will it be
finished in the first 1,000 days, nor in the life of this administration, nor
even perhaps in our lifetime on this planet. But let us begin.

In your hands, my fellow citizens, more than in mine, will rest the

final success or failure of our course. Since this country was founded,
each generation of Americans has been summoned to give testimony to
ane national loyalty. The gtaves of young Americans who answered the
_ call to service surround the globe.
~ Now the trumpet summons us again — not as a call to bear arms,
_ though arms we need; not as a call to battle, though embattled we are —
| but a call to bear the burden of a long twilight struggle, year in and year
_ out, ‘rejoicing in hope, patient in tribulation’ — a struggle against the
~ common enemies of man: tyranny, poverty, disease, and war itself.

    
 

do not shrink from this responsibility — I welcome it. I do not believe —

__ that any of us would exchange places with any other people or any other
_ generation. The energy, the faith, the devotion which we bring to this
endeavor will light our country and all who serve it — and the glow from
that fire can truly light the world. _ ee |

_ And so, my fellow Americans: ask not what your country can do for —
_ you — ask what you can do for your country. Sy Seeks ee
My fellow citizens of the world: ask not what America will do for

you, but what together we can do for the freedom of mane. Se tk

_ Finally, whether you are citizens of America or citizens of the world, re :

_ ask of us the same high standards of strength and sacrifice which we ast 3

of you. With a good conscience our only sute reward, with history the — |

_ final judge of our deeds, let us go forth to lead the land we love, asking

  
 

 

  
Luther King: ‘T have a dream’ 487

 

His blessing and His help, but knowing that here on earth God’s work
must truly be our own.

MARTIN LUTHER KING
28 August 1963

‘l have a dream’

A\s the centenary of Abraham Lincoln’s emancipation proclamation was celebrated
in 1963, the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People, using
the slogan ‘Free by ’63’, launched a massive campaign for justice for America’s
blacks. The most important demonstrations were in Birmingham, Alabama
(where Martin Luther King, 1929-68, led a march on the city hall, was twice
thrown into gaol but won substantial measures of desegregation) and in Selma

where a grand march of protest to Montgomery was addressed by King and Ralph i
Bunche, until then the only black_A merican winner of the Nobel Peace Prize. =

Then Philip Randolph, dean of the black American leaders, proposed a march
on Washington for jobs and HAEECOTE ‘There was no precedent for a convocation of
national scope and gargantuan size,’ King wrote later. ‘Complicating the situation |

were innumerable prophets of doom who feared that the slightest incident OF violence —
would alienate Congress and destroy all hope of legislation.’ 1

Yet 210,000 gathered at the Washington Monument in August and marched to
the Lincoln Memorial, where the high point of the day was the speech by Martin
Luther King, the voice of black Americans. He had written it in longhand the
night before and did not finish it until 4 a.m. Now, standing before the marchers,
King rose to the drama of the occasion, and delivered one of the most memorable —
speeches of the century. No public figure of his generation could match the skill] —
with which he made a mastery of the spoken word the servant of his cause. —

    
 

Five score years ago, a great American, in whose symbolic shadow > we
stand, signed the Emancipation Proclamation. ‘This momentous decree | :
came as a gteat beacon light of hope to millions of Negro slaves who
had been seared in the flames of withering i injustice. Tt came as a joyous
daybreak to end the long night of captivity, _ | eo gate

But one hundred years later, we must face the: tragic fae that. he.
Newod is still not free. One hundred years later, the life of the Negro

 

 

  
 

 

still sadly crippled by the manacles of segregation and the chains o:

: ‘ discrimination. One hundred years. later, ‘the agro lives | on a lone

 
488 Lather King: “I have a dream’
ee

island of poverty in the midst of a vast ocean of material prosperity. One
hundred years later, the Negro is still languished in the cornets of
American society and finds himself an exile in his own land. So we have
come here today to dramatize an appalling condition.

In a sense we have come to our nation’s capital to cash a check. When
the architects of our republic wrote the magnificent words of the
Constitution and the Declaration of Independence, they were Signing a
_ promissory note to which every American was to fall heir. This note was
a promise that all men would be guaranteed the unalienable rights of

life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness. so
It is obvious today that America has defaulted on this promissory
note insofar as her citizens of color are concerned. Instead of honoring
this sacred obligation, America has given the Negro people a bad check;
____a check which has come back marked ‘insufficient funds’. But we refuse
to believe that the bank of justice is bankrupt. We refuse to believe that
__. there are insufficient funds in the great vaults of opportunity of this
mation. So we have come to cash this check — a check that will give us
upon demand the riches of freedom and the security of justice. We have
so come to this hallowed spot to remind America of the fierce urgency
now. This is no time to engage in the luxury of cooling off or to take

 
  
   
  
   
  
   
     
  

 

  

the tranquilizing drug of gradualism. =
| Now is the time to make real the promises of Democracy. 3 =
__ Now is the time to rise from the dark and desolate valley of segregation

of

“to the sunlit path of racial justice. :
_ Now is the time to open the doors of Opportunity to all of God’s
Pchildren. = — a
- Now is the time to lift our nation from the quicksands of racial

injustice to the solid rock of brotherhood.
= Luther King: ‘I have a dream’ : } 489

gaining our rightful place we must not be guilty of wrongful deeds. Let —
us not seek to satisfy our thirst for freedom by drinking from the cup of
bitterness and hatred. We must forever conduct our struggle on the high
plane of dignity and discipline. We must not allow our creative protest
to degenerate into physical violence. Again and again we must rise to
the majestic heights of meeting physical force with soul force. The
marvelous new militancy which has engulfed the Negro community ©
must not lead us to a distrust of all white people, for many of our white —
brothers, as evidenced by their presence here today, have come to realize
that their destiny is tied up with our destiny and their freedom is —
inextricably bound to our freedom. We cannot walk alone. |

And as we walk, we must make the pledge that we shall match
ahead. We cannot turn back. There are those who are asking the
devotees of civil rights, ‘When will you be satisfied?” We can never be —
satisfied as long as the Negro is the victim of the unspeakable horrors —
of police brutality. We can never be satisfied as long as our adi
heavy with the fatigue of travel, cannot gain lodging in the motels of _
the highways and the hotels of the cities. We cannot be satisfied as |
long as the Negro’s basic mobility is from a smaller ghetto to a larger |
one. We can never be satisfied as long as a Negro in Mississippi —
cannot vote and a Negro in New York believes he has nothing for
which to vote. No, no, we are not satished, and we will not be 4
satisfied until justice rolls down like waters and righteousness like a 1
mighty stream. | 3

I am not enmuadral that some of you have come Sete out of great
trials and tribulations. Some of you have come fresh from narrow jail
cells. Some of you have come from ateas where your quest for freedom
left you battered by the storms of persecution and staggered by the
winds of police brutality. You have been the veterans of creative

suffering. Continue to work with the faith that unearned suffering is
redemptive. :

Go back to Mississippi, go back to Alabama, go ack to Soule’
Carolina, go back to Georgia, go back to Louisiana, go back to the : ,
slums and ghettos of our northern cities, knowing that somehow this —

_ Situation can and will be changed. Let us not wallow in the valley of
_ despair.
I say to you today, my friends, that in spite of the difficulties and

frustrations of the moment I still have a dream. It is a dream deeply
tooted in the American dream. # | ag

A have a dream that one day this nation will rise up asd joes out ‘the

 

 

 
490 Luther King: ‘I have a dream’
true meaning of its creed: ‘We hold these truths
all men are created equal,’

I have a dream that one day on the red hills of Georgia the sons of

former slaves and the sons of former slaveowners will be able to sit
down together at the table of brotherhood.

I have a dream that one day even the state of Mississippi, a desert

State swelteting with the heat of injustice and oppression, will be
_transformed into an oasis of freedom and justice.

I have a dream that my four little children will one day live in a nation

where they will not be judged by the color of their skin but by the
content of their character.

Thave a dream today.

Ihave a dream that one day the state of Alabama, whose governot’s
pe are presently dripping with the words of interposition and nullifica-
tion, will be transformed into a situation where little black boys and
black girls will be able to join hands with little white boys and white
= sirls and walk together as sisters and brothers.
— Thave a dream today. ,
: = T have a dream that one day every valley shall be exalted, every hill
and mountain shall be made low, the rough places will be made plains,
and the crooked places will be made straight, and the glory of the Lord
E - shall be revealed, and all flesh shall see it together.
| This is our hope. This is the faith with which I return to the South.
e With this faith we will be able to hew out of the mountain of despair a
_ stone of hope. With this faith we will be able to transform the jangling
_ discords of our nation into a beautiful symphony of brotherhood. With
this faith we will be able to work together, to pray together, to struggle
- together, to go to jail together, to stand up for freedom together,
_ knowing that we will be free one day.

z - This will be the day when all of God’s children will be able to sing
=e with new meaning 3

to be self-evident; that

   

=
ce
et
=

e i eae My country, ’tis of thee,

en oa a Sweet land of liberty, —

oS Sipe teres Of thee I sing: -

set rng __ Land where my fathers died,

Land of the pilgrims’ pride,

a eee eas From every mountainside — alge Ae pe ey
ae os oe | Let feeederm- singe oo Ne aa

“And if America i is to be a great nation this must become true. So | ”

 
Monde ‘An ideal for which I am prepared to die” 49}

freedom ring from the prodigious hilltops of New Hampshire. Let
freedom ring from the mighty mountains of New York. Let freedom —
ring from the heightening Alleghenies of Pennsylvania!

Let freedom ring from the snowcapped Rockies of Colorado!

Let freedom ring from the curvacious peaks of California!

But not only that; let freedom ring from Stone Mountain of Georgia!

Let freedom ring from Lookout Mountain of Tennessee!

Let freedom ring from every hill and molehill of Mississippi. From
every mountainside, let freedom ring. see

When we let freedom ring, when we let it ring from every village and
every hamlet, from every state and every city, we will be able to speed
up that day when all of God’s children, black men and white men, Jews —
and Gentiles, Protestants and Catholics, will be able to join hands and —

sing in the words of the old Negro spiritual, “Free at last! free at last!
thank God almighty, we are free at last!” __ | :

James Reston, one of Americas mod distinguished journalists, She getthog: te
speech as ‘an anguished echo from all the old American reformers — from Rog
Williams calling for religious liberty, Sam Adams for political liberty ane L
Thoreau denouncing coercion to William Lloyd Garrison demanding emancipation
and Exgene V. Debs crying for economic equality. King echoed them all. 4

Martin Luther King was Time’s Man of the Year in 1963 and was awarded —
the Nobel Peace Prize in 1964. Civil-rights Acts, initiated by President
Kennedy, were put on the statute book by President Johnson in 1964 and 1965.

King was assassinated on a civil rights mission to Memphis, Tennessee, on 4

A pril 1968. When the Guardian. newspaper in London analysed twentieth-
century speeches, it nominated I have a dream’ as the Sealed speech of the
tO: | | 7

"NELSON J MANDELA
ae 20. April eee

‘A n ideal for wih lam Prepared to die’

a8 te being aed to 2 ‘iife seapet ene in 1 964, Ni elson iiadale Pm 19 18-)

x : became a worldwide symbol of heroic black resistance to the apartheid regi of
= ae Africa. He was described as the Black Pimpernel.

He Stee the Apia Se Ci ages, in a 952 one became « a | member va a

 

   
492 Mandela: “An ideal for which I am prepared to die’
$$$ ee

small action group whose main task was to launch Umkhonto we Sizwe (Spear of
the Nation) or MK. From a safe house in Rivonia, MK planned sabotage of
strategic targets — after its first terrorist attacks in 1961 bombs exploded in
Johannesburg, Port Elizabeth and Durban.

When the ANC was banned in 1961, Mandela evaded arrest for a year but
was gaoled for five years in 1962 and sent to Robben Island. His prison term was
interrupted by the Rivonia trial, brought after a police raid on A NC headquarters
in 1963. Mandela and his colleagues were charged under the Suppression of
Communism Act.

The trial opened on 9 October 1963, with Mandela named as Accused Number
One and facing the death penalty. The defence case opened the following April.
Mandela's speech lasted four hours. He denied he was a Communist and described
himself as an African patriot who admired the Magna Carta and the Bill of

_ Rights. His concluding words inspired support throughout the world.

ice Our fight is against real, and not imaginary hardships, or, to use the
____ language of the State Prosecutor, ‘so-called hardships’. We fight against
two features which are the hallmarks of African life in South Africa, and
~ which are enttenched by legislation which we seek to have repealed.
These features are poverty and lack of human dignity, and we do not
| need Communists, or so-called ‘agitators’, to teach us about these things.
_ The whites enjoy what may well be the highest standard of living in
the world, whilst Africans live in poverty and misery. Forty per cent of
the Africans live in hopelessly overcrowded and, in some cases, drought-
stricken reserves, where soil erosion and the overworking of the soil
_ make it impossible for them to live properly off the land. Thirty per cent
_ are labourers, labour tenants, and Squatters on white farms and work
and live under conditions similar to those of the serfs of the Middle
Ages. The other thirty per cent live in towns where they have developed
_ economic and social habits which bring them closer, in many respects, to
_ white standards. Yet forty-six per cent of all African families in Johannes-
burg do not earn enough to keep them going. |
The complaint of Africans, however, is not only that they are poor
_ and whites are rich, but that the laws which ate made by the whites are
__ designed to preserve this situation. There are two ways to break out of
_ poverty. The first is by formal education, and the second is by the
_ worker acquiring a greater skill at his work and thus higher wages. As
_ far as Africans are concerned, both these avenues of advancement are —
deliberately curtailed by legislation, ig BF AEE a
The present government has always sought to hamper Africans in

    
 
  
  
 
 
 

 
Mandela: ‘An ideal for which I am prepared to die’ 493

their search for education. There is compulsory education for all white
children at virtually no cost to their parents, be they rich or poor.
Similar facilities are not provided for African children. In 1960-61, the
per capita government spending on African students at state-funded
schools was estimated at R12.46. In the same year, the per capita
spending on white children in the Cape Province (which are the only
figures available to me) was R144.57. The present Prime Minister said
during the debate on the Bantu Education Bill in 1953: “When I have 2
control of Native education, I will reform it so that Natives will be
taught from childhood to realize that equality with Europeans is not for —
them ... People who believe in equality are not desirable teachers for —
Natives. When my Department controls Native education, it will know
for what class of higher education a Native is fitted, and whether he will |
have a chance in life to use his knowledge.’ es fe
The other main obstacle to the economic advancement of the Africans — :
is the industrial colour bar by which all the better jobs of industry pie
reserved for whites only. Moreover, Africans are not allowed to form —
trade unions, which have recognition under the Industrial Conciliation — uf
Act. The government often answers its critics by saying that Africans in
South Africa are economically better off than the inhabitants of the |
other countries in Africa. Our complaint is not that we are poor by ‘
comparison with people in other countries, but that we are poor by —
_ comparison with white people in our own country, and that we are
prevented by legislation from altering this imbalance.
Hundreds and thousands of Africans are thrown into gaol each year
under pass laws. Even worse than this is the fact that pass laws keep
husband and wife apart and lead to the breakdown of family life. |
Poverty and the breakdown of family life have secondary effects. =
Children wander about the streets of the townships because they have no — a }
schools to go to, of no money to enable them to go to school, or no |
_ parents at home to see that they go to school because both parents, if =
there be two, have to work to keep the family alive. This leads to a
breakdown in moral standards, to an alarming rise in illegitimacy and to
growing violence which erupts, not only politically but everywhere. Life
in the townships is dangerous; there is not a day that ‘goes by without
pai eo eS ot x assaulted. ane violence i is carried out Eat “oe

 

   

 
494 Mandela: ‘An ideal for which I am prepared to die’
SR A CCC a ac

 

is to alter the conditions under which the Africans are forced to live, and
to meet their legitimate grievances.

We want to be part of the general population, and not confined to
living in our ghettos. African men want to have their wives and children
to live with them where they work, and not to be forced into an
unnatutal existence in men’s hostels. Our women want to be left with
theit men folk, and not to be left permanently widowed in the Reserves,
We want to be allowed out after 11 p.m. and not to be confined to our
rooms like little children. We want to be allowed to travel in our own
country, and seek work where we want to, and not where the Labour
Bureau tells us to. We want a just share in the whole of South Africa; we

: want security and a stake in society.

Above all, my lord, we want equal political rights, because without
them out disabilities will be permanent. I know this sounds revolutionary
to the whites in this country, because the majority of voters will be
= Atleank This makes the white man fear democracy. But this fear cannot
“be: allowed to stand in the way of the only solution which will guarantee

= 2 racial harmony and freedom for all. It is not true that the enfranchisement
~ of all will result in racial domination. Political division, based on colour,
se entirely. artificial, and when it disappears, so will the domination of
_ one colour group by another. The ANC has spent half a century fighting

against racialism. When it triumphs, as it certainly must, it will not
3 oe that policy.

This then is what the ANC is fighting. Our struggle is a truly national

F one. It is a struggle of the African people, inspired by our own suffering
and our own experience. It is a struggle for the right to live.

During my lifetime I have dedicated my life to this struggle of the
African people. I have fought against white domination, and I have
fought against black domination. I have cherished the ideal of a demo-
ctatic and free society in which all persons live together in harmony with
equal Opportunities. It is an ideal which I hope to live for, and to see

- tealized. But my lord, if needs be, it is an ideal for which I am prepared —
to die. | nbeyes

   
 

 

On 17 ton Mandela and the seven stbee: Houae were sentenced to i fe
imprisonment. Mandela returned to Robben I sland, where he was put in a stone

_ cell measuring two metres by two metres, lit by a forty-wati bulb and set to ae
tabour 1 in a quarry. He spent twenty-seven years in prison. |

 
VACLAV HAVEL
1 January 1990

“A contaminated moral environment

Communism in Eastern Europe died in 1989 as one by one the Communist
regimes in Poland, Czechoslovakia, Hungary, Romania and Bulgaria collapsed.
The year ended with the crumbling of the Berlin Wall. It was the springy "ae
nations, the most exciting year in European history since 1848.

The motto of the year was ‘Truth shall prevail’ and it was a year of truth a
Communism. As Timothy Garton Ash, an eyewitness to the events, puts tt:
‘There is a real sense in which these regimes lived by the word and perished by the
word. For what, after all, happened? A few thousands, then tens of thousands, — |
then hundreds of thousands went on to the streets. They spoke a few words, Z 2
“Resign,” they said. “No more shall we be slaves!” “Free elections.” “Freedom! pe

And the walls % J ram fell. A ee with the walls, the communist PUB s sin,
crumbled.’ = ae

That sense that truth will oe is what jie the ee speech by Ve jie 4
- Havel, the playwright who was elected Czech president on 29 December 1989, so

moving and uplifting in its expression of the defiant ee spirit that ee
C. OMMUNISI during that memorable year. iri es a

One theme of Havel’s work was that under Communism almost everybody lived
a double life, saying one thing in public and another in private. It was a theme to |
which he returned in this speech on New Year's Day, broadcast on radio and

television, with his comments on the ‘contaminated moral environment’ ander the 4
Communist regime. 3 Sees

) ee nee in a “contaminated moral environment. We fell Sealy ill

=  astitey of T apaeiioss lost date ek ae (ate ar 2 | 4
of us. es Se only psychological Spee: ort = :

gs ees ancient 7 a hitle? fidi

 
€ . *
496 Havel: “A contaminated moral environment’

Oa ec

hospitals if our agriculture was unable to offer them to all. The previous
regime — armed with its arrogant and intolerant ideology — reduced man
to a force of production and nature to a tool of production. In this it
attacked both their very substance and their mutual relationship. It
reduced gifted and autonomous people, skilfully working in their own
country, to nuts and bolts of some monstrously huge, noisy, and
stinking machine, whose real meaning is not clear to anyone. It cannot

do more than slowly but inexorably wear down itself and all its nuts and
bolts.

When I talk about contaminated moral atmosphere, I am not talking
just about the gentlemen who eat organic vegetables and do not look
out of the plane windows. I am talking about all of us. We had all
become used to the totalitarian system and accepted it as an unchangeable
_ fact and thus helped to perpetuate it. In other words, we are all — though
naturally to differing extents — responsible for the operation of the
= - totalitarian machinery; none of us is just its victim: we arte all also its co-
~S creators. | —— | ae
Why dle I say hie: It would eZ very unreasonable to understand the
— sad legacy of the last forty years as something alien, which some distant
_ relative bequeathed us. On the contrary, we have to accept this legacy as
a sin we committed against ourselves. If we accept it as such, we will
; understand that it is up to us all, and up to us only, to do something
about it. We cannot blame the previous rulers for everything, not only
E _ because it would be untrue but also because it could blunt the duty that
- each of us faces today, namely, the obligation to act independently,
_ freely, reasonably, and quickly. Let us not be mistaken: the best govern-
ment in the world, the best parliament and the best president, cannot
achieve much on their own. And it would also be wrong to expect a
general remedy from them only. Freedom and democracy include partici-
pation and therefore responsibility from us all. :

If we realize this, then all the horrors that the new Czechoslovak
democracy inherited will cease to” appear SO terrible. If we realize this,
hope will return to our hearts. =

In the effort to rectify matters of common concern, we have something

‘ to lean on. The recent period — and in particular, the last six weeks of
our peaceful revolution — has shown the enormous human, moral, and
spiritual potential and civic culture that slumbered in our society under
_ the enforced mask of apathy. Whenever someone categorically claimed
_ that we were this or that, I always objected that society is a very —
mysterious creature and that it is not wise to trust only” the face it

 
  
 
 
 
  
   
  
  
 

 
Havel: ‘A contaminated moral environment’ ae RE:

presents to you. I am happy that I was not mistaken. Everywhere in the
world people wonder where those meek, humiliated, sceptical, and —
seemingly cynical citizens of Czechoslovakia found the marvellous
strength to shake from their shoulders in several weeks and in a decent —
and peaceful way the totalitarian yoke. And let us ask: from where did
the young people who never knew another system take their desire for
truth, their love of free thought, their political ideas, their civic courage
and civic prudence? How did it happen that their parents — the very
generation that had been considered as lost — joined them? How is it —
possible that so many people immediately knew what to do and none of
them needed any advice or instruction? . | Shes
Masaryk* based his politics on mente Let us try ina new time and
in a new way to restore this concept of politics. Let us teach ourselves s
and others that politics should be an expression of a desire to cen ae :
to the happiness of the community rather than of a need to cheat or rape —
the community. Let us teach ourselves and others that politics can be —
not only the art of the possible, especially if this means the art = a
speculation, calculation, intrigue, secret deals, and pragmatic manoeu-_ ‘
vring, but that it can even be the art of the impossible, namely, the art tof
improving ourselves and the world . | =
There are free elections and an secon campaign ahead of us. Let us 3
not allow this struggle to dirty the so far clean face of our gentle —
revolution. Let us not allow the sympathies of the world which we have _
-won so fast to be equally rapidly lost through our becoming entangled
in the jungle of skirmishes for power. Let us not allow the desire to
serve oneself to bloom once again under the fair mask of the desire to

serve the common good. It is not really important now which party,
club, or group will prevail in the elections. The important thing is that
the winners will be the best of us, in the moral, civic, political, and —
__ professional sense, -tegardless of their political affiliations. The future
—— and prestige of our state will depend on the personalities we
_ select and later elect to our representative bodies . eres
In conclusion, I would like to say that I want to ihe a president aoe 2
will speak | less and work more. To be a president who will not only look —
out of the windows of his aeroplane but who, first and foremost, will .
«alway be ‘Present amen his eS citizens and eter to them w ell. So

 
498 _ Mandela: ‘Let freedom reign’
SunSSSSneenneenereneeeseeeeeree ce

You may ask what kind of republic I dream of. Let me teply: I dream
of a republic independent, free, and democratic, of a republic economi-
cally prosperous and yet socially just, in short, of a humane republic
which setves the individual and which therefore holds the hope that the
individual will serve it in turn. Of a republic of well-rounded people,
because without such it is impossible to solve any of our problems,
human, economic, ecological, social, or political.

The most distinguished of my predecessors opened his first speech
with a quotation from the great Czech educator Comenius. Allow me
to round off my first speech with my own paraphrase of the same
statement:

People, your government has returned to you!

ss NELSON MANDELA
ae 10 May 1994

   
    
  
 

‘Let eee reign’

Nelson Mandela was released twenty-seven years after he was imprisoned, in
“el ruary 1990. Four years later, after President William de Klerk initiated a

historic peace accord with the black majority of South Africans, led by Mandela,

. he was elected President in South A frica’s first democratic elections. This was his
| naugural address. 3 7

- oday all of us do, by our presence here, and by our celebrations in
other parts of our country and the world, confer glory and hope to
newborn liberty. © |

«Our of the experience of an extraordinary human disaster that lasted

too long must be born a society of which all humanity will be proud.

a Our daily deeds as ordinary South Africans must produce an actual
ia Sieh. African reality that will reinforce humanity’s belief in justice,
ee strengthen its confidence i in the nobility of the human soul and sustain
all our hopes for a glorious life for all.

All this we owe both to ourselves and to the peoples of dae world
who are so well represented here today, ‘ e

To my compatriots, I have no hesitation in saying that each one of us
is as intimately attached to the soil of this beautiful country as are the —
famous jacaranda trees of f Pretoria and the mimosa trees of the bushel :

 

 
Mandela: ‘Let freedom reign’ es 499

 

 

Each time one of us touches the soil of this land, we feel a sense of
personal renewal, The national mood changes as the seasons change.

We are moved by a sense of joy and exhilaration when the grass turns
green and the flowers bloom.

That spiritual and physical oneness we all share with this common
homeland explains the depth of the pain we all carried in our hearts as
we saw Our country tear itself apart in a terrible conflict, and as we saw
it spurned, outlawed and isolated by the peoples of the world, precisely
because it has become the universal base of the pernicious ideology and
practice of racism and racial oppression.

We, the people of South Africa, feel fulfilled that humanity has taken’
us back into its bosom; that we, who were outlaws not so long ago,
have today been given the rare privilege to be host to the nations of the —
world on our own soil. We thank all our distinguished international —

guests for having come to take possession with the people ef eure
country of what is, after all, a common victory for justice, for peace, for 2K
human dignity.

We trust that you will continue to stand by us as we tackle the

challenges of building peace, Bee non-sexism, non- racialism and
democracy. a =

We deeply appreciate the role that the masses of our people ind th —
political mass democratic, religious, women, youth, business, traditional i
and other leaders have played to bring about this conclusion. Not least —
among them is my second deputy president, the honourable F.W. de
Klerk. = |
~ We would also like to pay tribute to our security forces, in all their
tanks, for the distinguished role they have played in securing our first
democratic elections and the transition to democracy, from bloodthirsty
forces which still refuse to see the light.

The time for the healing of the wounds has come. The moment to
bridge the chasms that divide us has come. The time to build is upon us. =
_ We have, at last, achieved our political emancipation. We pledge our-
selves to liberate all our people from the continuing Soatiage of 1 poverty,
deprivation, suffering, gender and other discrimination, — os

We succeeded to take our last steps to freedom in conditions of -
relative peace. We commit ourselves to the construction of a eae =
_ just and Seay pees ce : a

   
  
  
 
 
  
  
 
 
 
  
   
 
   
 

ae millions of ot out aes Wee enter into : a convenant “ut we ies build th :
866} = in. 2 which batts South J rear both nee and white, will be a |

Bi ti toss

 

  
 

 

500 Mandela: ‘Let freedom reign’

 

walk tall, without any fear in their hearts, assured of their inalienable
right to human dignity — a tainbow f nation at peace with itself and the
world.

As a token of its commitment to the renewal of our country, the new
interim Government of National Unity will, as a matter of urgency,
address the issue of amnesty for various categories of our people who
are currently serving terms of imprisonment.

We dedicate this day to all the heroes and heroines in this country and
the rest of the world who sacrificed in many ways and surrendered their

lives so that we could be free. Their — have become reality.

Freedom is their reward.

We are both humbled and elevated by the honour and anivilepe that
you, the people of South Africa, have bestowed on us, as the first
president of a united, democratic, non-racial and non-sexist South Africa,

_ to lead our country out of the valley of darkness.

We understand it still that there is no easy road to freedom. We know
it well that none of us acting alone can achieve success. We must

therefore act together as a united people, for national reconciliation, for

nation building, for the birth of a new world. Let there be justice for all.

Let there be peace for all. Let there be work, bread, water and salt for

ai |
Let each —— that for each the body, the mind and the acl have

: been freed to fulfil themselves.

Never, never and never again shall it be that this beautiful land will

again experience the oppression of one by another and suffer the
indignity of being the skunk of the world. -

Let freedom reign. The sun shall never set on so episfions a human

= achievement. God bless Africa. Thank you.
  
    
 
    
 
   
    
  
 
 
 
 
 
  
   

Abraham Lincoln's Speeches and Letters, cae 1907.
British Historical and Political Orations, Everyman/ Duttos, =

Thomas ee The Letters and S oe of Oliver C romwell, } Methuen, 190:

Collins, 1992.

- William Hazlitt, The Eloquence of ie British S enate, 1808,
Irish Orators and a The: Lae Ess 1929.

| phtey, 1918. = ee
Selected English S eit a Bdgar R. jo Oxford University P Press, 1913.
Selected Speeches of John Bright, Everyman, 1907. :

Silver Tongues, ed. John Hayward, Michael Joseph, 1937.

Speeches on Politics and Literature by Lord Macaulay, Everyman.

Speeches from Thucydides, selected from Jowett’s translation, Oxford, 1919.

The Treasury of British Eloquence, Nimmo, Hay and Mitchell, 1882. = =

A Treasury of the World's Greatest Speeches, ed. Houston Peterson, Grolier, 1954.

The War Speeches and Orations of Daniel Webster, ed. Edwin P. Wop Little,
- Brown, 1879. 2s

The World's Great Speeches, ed. Lewis epsics DoverjConstable, 1942,
502 : Select Bibliography
oe ee ee eee

Stanley Ayling, The E/der Pitt, Collins, 1976.

Robert Blake, Disraeli, Eyre & Spottiswoode/St Martin’s Press, 1966/1967.
Sarah Bradford, Disraeli, Weidenfeld & Nicolson, 1982.

Demosthenes: Upon the Crown, ed. Henry Lord Brougham, Routledge.
John F. Finerty, The People’s History of Ireland, Dodd, Mead, 1905.

John Forster, The Statement of the Commonwealth of England, Longman, Orme,
Brown, Green and Longmans, 1840.

R.F. Foster, Modern Ireland, Penguin, 1989.

Antonia Fraser, Cromwell, Our Chief of Men, Weidenfeld & Nicolson, 1975.

Norman Gash, Mr Secretary Peel, Longman, 1961.

Norman Gash, Sir Robert Pee/, Longman, 1972.

Christopher Hibbert, The Virgin Queen, Penguin, 1992.

H.C.G. Matthew, Gladstone, 1809-1874, Clarendon, 1986.

John Morley, Wa/pole, Macmillan, 1896.

_J-E. Neale, Queen Elizabeth I, Penguin, 1990. =

The Oxford Illustrated History of Britain, ed. Kenneth O. Meee, Oxford
University Press, 1984.

J.H. Plumb, Sir Robert Walpole, The King’s Minister, Cresset, 1960.

S, Reed Brett, John Pym, The Statesman of the Puritan Revolution, John Murray,
1940.

es Loren Reid, Charles James Fox, A Man for the People, Longman, 1969.
_G.M. Trevelyan, The Life of John Bright, Constable, 1913.

_ J.H. Plumb on Lord Chatham and Sir Philip Magnus on Gladstone are strongly
recommended.

   
 
 
  
  
   
   
  
 
  

French Revolution

_ Louis Barthou, Mirabeau, Heinemann, 1913.
F Ernest Belfort Bax, Jean Pau! Marat, Grant Richards, 1920.

4 Hilaire Belloc, Danton, Nisbet, 1928.

Claude G. Bowers, Pierre Vergniaud, Constable, 1950. |
Thomas Carlyle, The French Revolution, Chapman and Hall, 1898.
Alfred Cobban, A History of Modern France, Penguin, 1990,
Christopher Hibbert, The French Revolution, Penguin, 1982. _
Henri de Jouvenal, The S tormy Life of Mirabean, Harrap, 1929.
Ralph Korngold, Robesprerre, Macmillan, 1937. 3
Simon Schama, Cisizens, Viking, 1989. é
_ Antonia Vallentin, Mirabeau, vee of the Revolution, Hamish Hariieon. 1948,

United States

 
    

Select Bibliography 503

 

Hugh Brogan, The Penguin History of the United States, Penguin.

Nicholas Murray Butler, Building the American Nation, Cambridge University
Press/Scribner’s, 1923.

James A. Harrison, George Washington, Putnam’s, 1906.

Henry Cabot Lodge, Daniel Webster, Houghton Mifflin, Riverside Press, Cam-
bridge, 1891.

John T. Morse, Abraham Lincoln, Osgood Mcllvaine, 1893.

John T. Morse, Thomas Jefferson, David Douglas, Edinburgh, Houghton Mifflin,
1886.

Benjamin P. Thomas, Abraham Lincoln, Knopf, 1952.

W.E. Woodward, George Washington, The Image and the Man, Blue Ribbon, 1926.
Esmond Wright, Washington and the American Revolution, English Universities
Press. 1957. ,

 
 

—

In this companion volume to his highly

acclaimed Penguin Book of Twentieth-Century Speeches
Brian MacArthur brings together the words of ee

a hundred men and women — from Moses to Mandela ‘
who helped to change the world through the sheer
power of their oratory.

In 1969 Betty Friedan proclaimed in an impassioned speech oy
women’s rights, “Today, we moved history forward. Gladstone
and Disraeli, and Pitt and Fox before them, forged the politics
of their age through ferocious verbal combat in the House of
Commons. Abraham Lincoln transformed for ever the way
Americans interpret the Civil War and their national destiny.
A legacy of turmoil in Ireland; the revolutionary rhetoric

of eighteenth-century France; and this century's catalogue

of conflict are all represented in this definitive and

incisive collection.

   
 
 

‘MacArthur’s earlier selections, up to the late nineteenth century, are impeccable
_... He prefaces each address with a short but scholarly historical explanation that
» sets the scene perfectly ... An attractive volume with a splendidly pithy

~~ ‘roduction’ — Andrew Roberts in the Sunday Times

_-seading consecutively the extracts from American actors in the history of the
‘A, the reader gets a most exhilarating glimpse beneath the surface of the
saccessive dramas which made up American history’ — J. Enoch Powell in the

Désiy Telegraph

‘MacArthur wisely [concentrates] on certain political conflicts — gathering together
the oratory of the American Civil War or the campaign for female suffrage ... his
book works well not just as an anthology but as a history of those episodes’

— Ben Rogers in the Independent on Sunday

)

Cover pictures: Charles | by Sir Anthony Van Dyck (National Gallery, London), Abraham Lincoln by William Marshall

(New York Historical Society), Elizabeth I, Armada Portrait (Private Collection), George Washington by James Peale the

Elder (Washington University Art Gallery, St Louis), Edmund Burke (R. Bayne Powell Collection), Cicero and the
Magistrates Discovering the Tomb of Archimedes (Christie's, London). All photographs courtesy of the Bridgeman Art

Library, London

PENGUIN ISBN 0-14-1720.
History |

  
 

UNIVERSITETSBIBLIOTEKET, LUND

Wilt

400890800

a rSPU aM

    
 

~encersgaamtieens —

