set foldmethod=indent foldlevel=2

            Lon
            Dictic
            BUS
            ENG

            J.H

            BSc(EC

            SECON
            RE\
            J.-F

            WITH A
            MAT
            DAVIL

            PROGRAMME D
            ASHRIDGE MA


            BCA

            LONDON NEW Y¢

            gman
            ynary of

            INESS
            iLISH

            , ADAM

            ON) LONDON


            1D EDITION
            'ISED BY
            1. ADAM

            \D DITIONAL
            ERIAL BY
            ) ARNOLD

            IRECTOR OF STUDIES,
            NAGEMENT COLLEGE


            IRK SYDNEY TORONTO

            Preface

            Guide to the dictionary
            Explanatory chart
            Explanatory note
            Field labels
            Abbreviations used in the dic

            The dictionary

            Useful information
            Metric prefixes
            Linear measure
            Square measure
            Surveyor’s measure
            Cubic or solid measure
            Corn and dry measure
            Liquid measure
            Measurement of mass or weig
            Troy weight
            Circular measure
            Temperature
            Paper measures

            Countries of the world

            Currencies of the world

            ww SPE ES ew EF Sw

            page v

            vi

            Vi

            Vill

            X11

            tionary xil

            1-541

            542
            342
            542
            543
            543


             

            THE AIM OF THIS DICTIONARY 1S to provide
            and general vocabulary used in conduct
            present that vocabulary in a clear and sin
            by the student of English.

            Business consists of various forms of tr:
            essential to trading. If a dictionary suc
            businessman it must, therefore, deal wit
            fields of activity such as management, ac
            banking and finance, computer technolo;
            law and the workings of the Stock Excha
            range of needs has always been kept in 1

            All the words and phrases listed are de
            vocabulary of about 2000 words, based o
            of English Words, and complex grammat
            means that anyone who has studied Eng!
            understand all the definitions in this dict
            by the use of example sentences to show

            This dictionary is, however, more than
            referenced so that related words and sul
            mation. In addition, the extensive appe1
            weights and measures, conversion facto
            world.

            AUTHOR’

            My very special thanks are due to my f
            say, did not live to see this book publishe
            knowledge of our language and gently gu
            his help in editing the English and in |
            within definite limits, this book might ne
            I am grateful, too, to Alan’s brother Iar
            support; to Elizabeth Prothero and Gillis
            David Arnold, who provided much useft
            me Bendemann who, many years ago

            k

            Dr Johnson once wrote, ‘No dictionary
            since while it is hastened to publicatior
            falling away.’ I shall always be grateful f
            this dictionary.

            Howick, A uckland, New Zealand

             

            Preface

            a useful reference book of the specialist
            ng business. The dictionary also aims to
            ple way which can be easily understood

            ade and the various services which are —
            h as this is to be a useful tool for the
            h a number of independent but related
            counting and taxation, economic theory,
            xy, shipping and insurance, commercial
            nge. In making this dictionary, this full
            nind.

            fined in simple English, in a restricted
            n Michael West’s A General Service List
            ical structures have been avoided. This
            ish to intermediate level will be able to
            onary. Understanding is further aided
            how the words are used in context.

            just a list of words. It 1s fully cross-
            bjects can be studied for further infor-
            dices contain valuable information on ©
            's, Currencies, and the countries of the |

            S NOTE
            riend Alan Gilchrist who, I am sad to
            d. He gave me so much of his profound
            ided me in so many ways that, without
            keeping the vocabulary and structures
            ver have been written.

            i, who has given most valuable editorial
            in Marix-Evans who did the typing; to
            il material for the new edition; and to
            » encouraged me to start work on the

            of a living tongue can ever be perfect,
            , Some words are budding, and some
            or Suggestions regarding the content of

            J. H. Adam



            Guide to the dictiona

            Explanatory chart
            THIS IS A QUICK GUIDE to the main feature

            English. These features art explained in

            pages viii to xii. The numbers given In

            the right refer to the relevant paragraphs


            le

            ee ger ees



            A


            >s of the Longman Dictionary of Busines
            more detail in the explanatory note fe
            brackets after the descriptive label, On
            ; in the explanatory note.

            main entries (1.1)

            phrase (1.3)

            abbreviation (1.1)

            proper noun (1.1)

            sub-entries (1.2)

            definitions (2.1)

            numbered definitions (2.2)

            parts of speech (3.1)


             

             

            Guide to the dictionary - vii
            field labels (4.1)
            examples (5.1)

            oblique strokes (5.2)

            cross-references (6.1)
            see under (6.2)

            see (6.1)

            cf. (6.4)

            see also (6.3)

            other information (7.1)
            Also (7.1)

            Syn./Opp. (7.2)
            Abbr. (7.3)
            collog. (7.4)

            pronunciation (8.1)


            ———— )

            Explanatory note

            Entries
            coves eee

            1.1 main entry

            The main entry is the word or words in
            definition. This may be a single word,
            name of a person or place, or the title
            entry begins with a capital letter only if
            a person or place) or the title of sometl
            economic theory, for example).

            The main entries are listed in alphabe


            1.2 sub-entry

            Certain groups of words which have cl
            shown under one general main entry. TI
            letters. For example, air or flight engine
            airline pilot and air steward appear unde

            Sometimes sub-entries will not begin
            To help you find these sub-entries they a1
            reference. If you look up block gran’
            grant see under grant’.

            Some sub-entries are followed by the
            if you look up advance bill under the mai
            ‘advance bill see separate entry’. This mez
            main entry advance bill.

            1.3 phrases


            If you are looking for a phrase you do
            under one of the main words in the phr.
            For example, the phrase in account w
            account; and payable in arrear is unde

            Definitions
            stern ntti gia a oe
            2.1

            seein ance a ces see eee
            The definition gives the meaning of the n
            It is printed in roman letters (like these)
            2 are shown — the part of speech and field

            ee

            aetna ee
            ‘bold letters at the beginning of each
            a phrase, a common abbreviation, the
            of a law or organization etc. The main
            it is a proper noun (that is, the name of
            \ing (a government body, a principle of

            tical order.



            osely related but different meanings are
            1ese sub-entries are printed in small bold
            er, air hostess, air navigator, air pilot or
            r the main entry aircrew.

            with the same letter as the main entry.
            e also listed as main entries with a cross-
            f as a main entry you will find ‘block

            words ‘see separate entry’. For example,
            n entry bill of exchange, you will find
            ans that the definition is given under the



            not understand, you should look for it

            ase, not necessarily under the first word.
            ith is explained under the main entry
            r the main entry arrear.

            a el
            essence nssssenensnenssstnusseesssecssiss eee
            1ain entry in simple sentences or phrases:
            and follows the main entry and — if they
            “label (see below). All the definitions af?

            written using a 2000 word vocabulary
            English Words.

            2.2 numbered definitions
            a ese seNeene
            Under many of the entries in this dict;

            numbered (1), (2), (3) and so on. Thes
            than one meaning, and you should rea
            example, two definitions are given in ‘h

            Parts of speech

            ea essasssstesnssssssssststessssusssssssnn
            3.1

            a ee oe ee Le
            In this dictionary the part of speech of
            is a risk of confusion about the way thi
            to make sentences. The part of speech i

            for example, nm for noun, v for verb (see

            Field labels

            eee
            4.1

            $$ eee
            Many of the definitions in this dictions
            small capital letters, for example AGR.
            which show that the definition which
            business: Agriculture, Law, the Stock
            phrases have several meanings, each t
            These meanings are given as numberec
            field label. A full list of field labels is gi

            Examples
            5.7

            With many of the definitions you will
            which show how the main word is use
            under the main entry particulars you \
            information’ followed by the example ‘.
            product’.

            Some examples show the special use
            or sentence, which may itself need fi
            definition of the noun mortgage you v
            etc.), to borrow money by giving a mor




            0.2


            Many of the main entries can be used in
            of use an oblique stroke (/) is employed
            Of more words that might equally appeai
            main entry daily, you will find the follo
            service’, This means that you can say ‘a
            ‘a daily delivery service’.

            Explanatory note - ix

            ' based on West’s General Service List of

            Sere
            nena
            lonary you will find a series of definitions
            € numbers mean that the word has more
            d them all to find the one you need. For
            old-up (1) an armed robbery. (2) a delay’.


            the main entry is only given where there
            it the word or words in question are used
            S given as an abbreviation in italic letters;
            the list of abbreviations on page xii).



            iry begin with a word or abbreviation in
            » LAW, STK.EXCH. These are field labels,
            follows belongs to a particular field of
            Exchange etc. In some cases words or
            longing to a separate field of business.
            1 definitions, each introduced by its own
            ven on page Xil.


            |. find examples, printed in italic letters,
            d in a phrase or sentence. For example,
            vill find the definition ‘detailed facts; full
            Please give me full particulars of your news

            of the main entry in a particular phrase ~
            irther explanation. Thus in the second
            vill find: *To raise a mortgage on (a house
            gage on a house’.



            a variety of contexts. To show this range
            in many of the examples to separate two
            r in this position. For example, under the
            wing: ‘A daily newspaper/meeting/delivery
            daily newspaper’, ‘a daily meeting’, and

             

            x - Explanatory note

            6.1

            The cross-references show you where to Ic
            a further explanation of a word or phra
            with the word see, and are followed by tt
            turn. Thus if you look up Lady Day, all y
            day’. This means that Lady Day will be
            quarter-day, where you will find a full «
            a sea ee
            6.2

            See under tells you to look at a sub-entry
            look up hard currency you will find ‘ha
            means that you should first find the main
            sub-entry hard currency. Similarly ‘fair ¢
            under competition’ means that you should
            and then look for the sub-entry healthy «
            the same meaning.

            ae

            6.3

            Bad ete Acai gle os eerie oh be eee es
            Further information about a word is som
            words on the same subject, introduced by
            explanation given under the main entry 1
            also industrial hygiene; industrial safety’.
            about these aspects of industrial medicine |
            and industrial safety as main entries.
            to the word or phrase you have looked u
            entry. In such cases See also is used to dirt
            the main entry ledger you will find ‘Se
            should look up self-balancing ledger:


            6.4

            A further form of cross-reference 1s intrc
            comparison of the definition of one wor
            will show how the meanings of these wor
            the definition for mortgagee you will
            commotion ‘Cf. riot’.


            Other information
            7.1


            Other information about the main entries
            If there is more than one way to spel
            one form, the various forms are introduc
            find affiliate or affiliated company
            definition and explanation of laissez-fé
            being an accepted alternative spelling.

            Licenses
            ii a a
            i F -

            i

            ts
            yok in the dictionary for a definition oy
            se. Most of the cross-references begin
            1e word or phrase to which you should
            ou will find is: ‘Lady Day see quarter. —
            , explained as part of the main entry
            Jefinition and further details.

            nO Tn ie

            eee
            nder a main entry. For example, if yoy
            rd currency see under currency’. This
            entry currency, and then look for the
            competition see healthy competition
            first find the main entry competition
            ompetition where you will see this has

            er

            ———
            etimes provided by telling you of other
            , See also. Thus after the definition and
            ndustrial medicine you will find ‘See
            If you wish, therefore, to find out more
            you should look up industrial hygiene
            In certain cases a special term relating
            p may be found under a separate main
            2ct you to this term. For example, under
            2 also self-balancing ledgers’. Thus you
            ; as a main entry to find its meaning.


            duced by Cf., meaning ‘compare’. The
            d with the definition of a related word
            ds are different or alike. Thus, following
            find ‘Cf. mortgagor’, and under civil



            } 1S given in a number of different forms.
            1 a word, or if a phrase has more than
            ed by or or also. For example, you will
            as a main entry; and at the end of the
            aire you will see ‘Also laisser-faire’, this


            TE ev esssaansssssss
            7 .é
            SSS
            Synonyms (words with the same or nea:
            iven at the end of certain definitions. T
            Syn. and Opp. Thus, under absolute
            monopoly; perfect monopoly’; and unds
            SSN

            7.3
            SSS

            Where the main entry also has a comm
            definition, explanation and examples, ;
            the entry on Mountain (Standard'
            Abbreviation of organizations, however,
            e.g. European Economic Communj

            In English writing, abbreviations are
            by a shortened form of a word, follow
            U.K., Ltd., econ. But in much modern 1
            Ltd, econ. In this dictionary, full stops :
            known acronyms (abbreviations that ar
            a

            7.4

            Colloqg., for colloquial, shows that a wo
            speech or writing, but is not suitable
            employed to describe some words or pt
            jargon or slang (words or phrases use
            professions, age-groups and other group
            acceptable to the rest of society in forn
            may be seen under fudge, billet and kt

            Pronunciation
            8.1

            A guide to the pronunciation of a word
            where the sound of a word 1s alterec
            forms in which this 1s shown, both int
            pronunciation. First, where a word is n
            its spelling, the word is written in anoth
            spelled to sound as it is pronounced. For
            under mortgage, gives ‘Pron. pyooni’ |

            Second, the meaning or use of a wo!
            the word is pronounced more strongly
            pronunciation is shown by a stress ma
            which should be pronounced more stron
            the noun contract you will find ‘Pron.
            verb contract you will find ‘Pron. cont

            Explanatory note - xi

            rly the same meaning) and opposites are
            hese are introduced by the abbreviations
            } monopoly, you will find ‘Syn. pure
            rr abundance ‘Opp. dearth; scarcity’,

            spnnanee ee

            receipe eg PED
            on abbreviation, this is shown after the
            ntroduced by Abbr. Thus at the end of
            ) Time, you will find ‘Abbr. M.S.T”.
            appear immediately after the headword:
            ty (E.E.C.).

            generally shown by an initial letter, or
            ed by a full stop (U.S.A., period): e.g.,
            writing the full stop is not used: eg, UK,
            ire used in all abbreviations except well-
            > usually pronounced as a single word).


            rd or phrase is widely used in informal

            for formal use. Collog. has also been
            irases that should really be described as
            J only by persons belonging to certain
            Ss in society, and therefore not generally
            1al speech or writing). Examples of this
            read and butter.



            1S given only in unusual cases, or cases
            1 according to its use. There are two
            troduced by the abbreviation Pron., for
            )t pronounced as you might expect from
            er form to show how the word might be
            example, the sub-entry puisne mortgage,
            to show how puisne is pronounced.

            ‘d sometimes changes when one part of
            than another. In these cases the correct
            rk (') placed over the part of the word
            gly. For example, after the definition for
            contract’, and after the definition for the
            ract’.

            Field labels

            (See Explanatory note, 4.1 on page ix)

            ACCTS. Accounts

            ADVTG. Advertising

            AGR. Agriculture

            BKG. Banking

            COM. Commerce

            COMMOD. EXCH. Commodity
            exchange

            COMP. Computers

            ECON. Economics

            ECON. HIST. Economic history

            ECON. THEORY Economic theory

            FIN. Finance

            IND. Industry

            Abbreviations used in the di

            Abbr. abbreviation

            Adj, adj. adjective

            adv. adverb

            approx. approximately

            CE compare

            collog. colloquial (used in informal
            speech or writing)

            e.g. for example

            esp. especially

            etc. et cetera, and so on, and th
            rest

            fem. feminine

            fig. figurative (using the word 11

            some way other than its
            ordinary meaning)

             

            N.,n. noun
            Opp. opposite
            perh. perhaps
            pl. plural

            IND. REL. Industrial relations

            IND. SFTY. Industrial safety —

            INSCE. Insurance

            LAW Law

            MAN. Management

            MAR. INSCE. Marine insurance

            PUB. FIN. Public finance

            QUAL. CONT. Quality control

            SHIPG. Shipping

            STK. EXCH. Stock exchange

            TAXN. Taxation

            TOUR. Tourism

            TRANSPT. Transport
            ictionary

            1.€. that is to say

            prep. preposition
            Pron. pronunciation

            sing. singular

            Syn. synonym (a word with the
            same or nearly the same
            meaning)

            usu. usually
            V.,v. verb

            v.1. intransitive verb
            v.t. transitive verb


    evince -p 11 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &
            A

            A. ampere.

            a. acre. | . : |
            @ COM. at, sign used in stating prices and quanti-

            ties: 100 tonnes of coal @ £40 per tonne.

            ai (U.S.A., A 1) in the very best condition, of
            excellent quality. AJ at Lloyd's, see Lloyd's
            Register of Shipping. A/so A-1.

            a.a. always afloat; after arrival.

            A & P advertising and promotion.

            A.A.R. MAR. INSCE. against all risks.

            A.B. able seaman.

            ab. abridg(e)ment.

            a/b airborne.

            A/B. Aktiebolaget.

            a.B. auf Bestellung.

            abacus COM. a simple instrument for calculating,
            made up of a frame with rows of balls sliding
            on wires. P/. abacuses. Syn. counting-frame.

            abandon n. MAR. INSCE. the act of abandoning
            a ship or its cargo to the insurers.
            v. (1) MAR. INSCE. to give up to the insurers
            one’s rights of possession in a ship and its cargo
            when a total-loss insurance is paid. (2) Law To
            abandon an action, to discontinue an action in
            the courts. (3) SHIPG. To abandon ship, to leave
            the ship unmanned and usu. in great danger.
            See derelict.

            abandoned goods LAW goods having no
            owner.

            abandonee MAR. INSCE. a person or organization
            to whom abandoned rights or property are
            given up; usu. the insurers.

            abandonment (1) CoM. giving up possession of
            rights or property to others: Abandonment of
            goods in customs.
            product abandonment giving up, discontinuing
            to make or sell a product.
            (2) MAR. INSCE. giving up possession of a ship
            and her cargo by the owners to the insurers
            when total-loss insurance is paid. :
            notice of abandonment written notice given by
            the insured to the insurer claiming for a total
            loss.
            (3) TRANSP. the refusal of a consignee to accept
            delivery of goods badly damaged during car-
            riage.

            abandonment clause MAR. INSCE. a condition
            in a marine insurance policy that the owners
            of a ship may abandon it to the insurers if it
            becomes a total loss.

            abandonment of action LAw see abandon, v.
            (2).

            abate to decrease; to become less. The rate of
            inflation is abating. The storm has abated.

            abatement (1) Law legal action to put an end
            to a nuisance. (2) COM. a reduction in price; an
            amount taken off, a discount, esp. where there

            above the line - 1

            is a special reason, the goods perhaps being
            faulty, or arriving in a damaged condition. (3)
            TAXN. relief, reduction of tax.

            abattoir a public building where animals are
            killed for food. Syn. slaughter-house.
            abb., abbr., abbrev. abbreviation.
            abbreviated address a shortened address used
            mainly for telegrams.
            abbreviation a shortened form of a word or
            group of words made by writing only the first
            letter of the word or words, thus B.A. for British
            Airways; or by writing only part of a word:
            Mon. for Monday. Abbr. abb.; abbr.; abbrev.
            A.B.C. Audit Bureau of Circulation.
            A.B.E.D.A. Arab Bank for Economic Develop-
            ment in Africa.
            abeyance a state of being inactive, of not being
            in force: The matter is in abeyance, nothing is
            being done about it. Many old laws and customs
            have fallen into abeyance, have no longer any
            application.
            abide to remain faithful to, to keep to, to hold
            to: To abide by a decision/a rule.
            Abilene Paradox see under Organization, Laws
            of.
            ability (1) Com. the state of being able to pay;
            having enough money to meet one’s debts. (2)
            IND. REL. the basic idea that wages should
            be related to the profit-making power of the
            employer’s business and thus to his ability to
            pay. (3) LAW having the right or power to act.
            (4) TAXN. the basic idea that the weight of taxes
            should be related to income of the taxpayer in
            order to bring about equality of sacrifice.
            aboard adv. & prep. SHIPG. on, in, or into a ship,
            train, plane or bus, etc.: Passengers go aboard
            at noon.
            All aboard! a call to passengers and crew to
            board the ship, etc. quickly because it is about
            to go.
            close aboard, hard aboard near the side of the
            ship, alongside.
            abode Law the place where a person lives or
            carries on his business, and may usu. be found.
            abolition ECON. HIST. the movement which put
            an end to the international slave trade between
            about 1780 and 1880. See emancipation.
            above adv. & adj. (in a document) mentioned
            earlier: The above details. Refer to p. 3 above.
            Opp. below.
            above-mentioned a person or thing written
            about earlier in the document: The above-men-
            tioned debtors have paid. Abbr. a/m.
            above-named a person already mentioned by
            name.
            above par STK. EXCH. (of a share) priced above
            its nominal or face value. Cf. at par; below
            par. See par.
            above the line (1) AcctTs. of expenses and rev-
            enues, those which relate to the normal ongoing
            operations of the business and which produce


                evince -p 12 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            2- abr.

            rating profit. Below the line items relate to

            iteactdinaty or exceptional items which are
            not included in the calculation of operating
            profit. (2) ADVTG. of promotion activities (such
            as advertising), those which operate through
            mass media and are therefore usually bought
            through an agency, as opposed to below the line
            activities, such as sales promotion or marketing
            research, which a marketing department buys
            direct.

            abr. abridge(d); abridg(e)ment.

            abrasion of coin PUB. FIN. the loss of weight
            of coins by rubbing together in passing from
            person to person.

            abridg(e)ment the act or result of shortening.
            A shortened form of a book. Abbr. abr; abr.

            abroad adv. away from the home country; in
            other lands, usu. across the sea: He has gone
            abroad on business. We own property abroad.
            n. He has returned from abroad.

            abs. absence; absent; absolute; abstract.

            A.B.S. American Bureau of Shipping.

            abscond Law to run away and hide for a dis-
            honest reason: The debtor absconded without
            paying his creditors. The cashier absconded with
            the cash. N. absconder.

            absence (1) the state of not being present:
            Absence due to illness. (2) time spent away:
            During my absence. (3) non-existence: In the
            absence of information. Abbr. abs.

            absent adj. not present; staying away, esp. from
            work: Mr Brown is absent from the office. Pron.
            absent.
            v. to stay away from: He absented himself from
            the meeting. Pron. absént. Abbr. abs.

            absentee a person who stays away, esp. a work-
            er who is often not at work or who stays away
            without good reason (a voluntary absentee) or
            because of sickness (an involuntary absentee).

            absenteeism the practice by employees of fre-
            quently staying away from work, usu. without
            good reason.

            absenteeism rate (1) the percentage of days
            lost out of the total number of days that could
            have been worked during a stated period. (2)
            the number of absentees per 100 workers on a
            certain day.

            absentee landlord an owner of land who does
            not live in or near the property which he lets
            for rent to a tenant.

            absentee ownership the state of being under
            an absentee landlord.

            absolute advantage ECON. the advantage that
            one country or part of a country possesses over
            others because it has natural supplies of raw
            materials, power, labour, etc. which enable it
            to make a certain product more Cheaply. Cf.
            comparative advantage.

            absolute interest Law total and complete pos-
            session of, or ownership in, property.

            absolute liability see strict liability.

            absolute monopoly ECON. the theoretical situ-
            ation which exists in a market where a single
            producer controls the whole of the supply of
            an article or service for which there is no
            substitute. Syn. pure monopoly; perfect mo-
            nopoly.

            absolute ownership see under ownership.

            absolute privilege see privilege.

            absolute title LAW a right of ownership that
            cannot be questioned, such as that of the owner
            of land registered under the (British) Land
            Registration Act, 1925, which makes his right
            stronger than the right of any other person.
            Property registered ‘with title absolute’ has the
            advantage of having its ownership guaranteed
            by the State. et

            absolute value see intrinsic value.

            absolve com. to free from debt or from a
            responsibility: You are absolved from further
            payments. | |

            absorption FIN. the uniting of one business with
            another, usu. smaller, business in order to make
            a single organization. See combination.

            absorption costing AccTs. the allocation of all
            fixed and variable costs to a product. Syn. full
            costing. Opp. marginal costing.

            abstain to keep oneself from: To abstain from
            strong drink; to choose not to do: To abstain
            from voting, from spending. N. abstinence,
            abstention. N. personal abstainer.

            Abstinence Theory ECON. THEORY the theory
            expressed by Nassau Senior, English economist
            (1790-1864), that the supply of capital goods
            depended on the willingness of consumers to
            abstain from consumption by refusing to
            spend, thus freeing money for investing in
            capital goods. Syn. Agio Theory of Interest.

            abstr. abstract.

            abstract n. (1) a short account; information
            given in a shortened form: The Statistical
            Abstract. Pron. abstrakt. (2) LAW Abstract of
            title, a legal document proving a person’s right
            to possess certain property, giving a list in
            historical order of all deeds, claims, mortgages,
            etc. relating to the ownership. Abbr. abs. ; abstr.
            v. LAW to steal; to turn to one’s own use, money,
            securities, etc. belonging to another person; to

            take away secretly. Syn. embezzle; purloin.
            Pron. abstrakt.

            abt. about.

            abundance ECON. the theoretical situation
            when Man’s wants are fully met. Opp. dearth,
            Scarcity.

            abuse of Process LAW wrongful and unjust us¢
            of legal action in the courts by making foolish
            claims aimed at Causing trouble and annoy~
            ance. Syn. frivolous action; vexatious action.

            ac. acre.

            A/C, A/c, aje account (of money); account
            Current.

            A.C. analogue computer.



                evince -p 13 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            Fl C<s a.C. a compte.
            «CA. Associate of the Institute of Chartered

            " Accountants in England and Wales. Jn some
            other countries Associate Chartered Accoun-
            rant. See chartered accountant. whi

            aCcAS Advisory, Conciliation and Arbitration

            Service.

            a/c bks. account books.

            acc. acceptance (of a bill of exchange); accepted ;
            according to; account.

            4.C.C.A. (certified accountant) Associate Mem-

            ~ ber of the Association of Certified and Corpor-
            ate Accountants.

            acce. acceptance (of a bill of exchange).

            accelerate (1) to increase speed; to cause to go
            faster: The train's speed has been accelerated.
            (2) to increase in quantity: Production is being
            accelerated to meet rising demand.

            Accelerated Cost Recovery System see
            accelerated depreciation. Abbr. A.C.R.S.

            accelerated depreciation TAXN. the practice
            of the tax authorities of allowing manufacturers
            to write off the cost of capital equipment, such
            as machinery, by larger amounts during the
            earlier years of its use than in the later years,
            and over fewer years than it is likely to be
            usable, in order to encourage investment. Syn.
            Accelerated Cost Recovery System (A.C.R.S.).

            acceleration (1) Law the happening of an event
            earlier than expected, or sooner than it would
            have happened, because of a change in the
            rights of other parties. (2) FIN. an increase in
            the rate at which a price tends to rise or fall.

            acceleration clause FIN. a condition in a bond,
            that if a party to the bond fails to make any
            payment by the due date, then all future pay-
            ments immediately become due.

            acceleration premium IND. an increasing rate
            of pay given to workers as their production
            increases, in order to urge them on to still
            higher productivity.

            Acceleration Principle ECON. THEORY the idea
            developed by J.M. Keynes in his book A Gen-
            eral Theory of Employment, Interest and Money,
            which relates consumption and investment by
            stating that changes in the demand for con-
            sumer goods bring about even greater changes
            in the demand for capital goods, such as
            machines, which make the consumer goods;
            and this fact explains why the demand for
            capital goods rises and falls at an accelerated,
            i.e. much faster, rate than the demand for
            consumer goods. Syn. Principle of Acceleration
            of Derived Demand. See also accelerator;
            derived demand under demand. Cf. multiplier.

            accelerator ECON. THEORY a shortened form of
            Acceleration Principle.

            accept v. (1) to take, or agree to receive, some-
            thing offered: To accept a gift. (2) to agree to,
            to say yes to an offer, proposal, suggestion,
            invitation, price, etc.: J will accept £100 for it.

            acceptance - 3

            (3) to believe; to recognize; to take as being
            true and correct: We must accept the facts. The
            members accepted the report. (4) generally, to
            take as good or satisfactory: The accepted
            method, I accept your opinion. (5) to be received
            socially by one’s fellows: His colleagues
            accepted him, (6) to make oneself responsible
            for performing a duty, e.g. making a payment.
            Abbr. acc. (accepted). |
            accept a bill of exchange COM. to promise by
            signing across the bill that it will be paid on
            the due date.
            accept on presentation to sign (a bill of ex-
            change) as accepted when it is presented for
            the purpose.
            an accepted bill a bill of exchange across which
            the drawee (debtor) has written ‘accepted’ and
            added his signature. See acceptance.
            accept a risk INSCE. to agree under a contract
            of insurance to be the insurer.
            accept service for a writ LAW to agree to recog-
            nize that the writ was properly delivered.

            acceptable QUAL. CONT. of good enough quality
            for a particular purpose; not bad enough to
            be refused: Printing of acceptable quality for
            paperbacks.

            acceptance (1) the act of accepting, taking
            what is offered or given.
            acceptance of goods (a) COM. the position when
            the buyer either agrees to take goods from the
            seller and willingly pays for them; or if after a
            reasonable time he has done nothing to refuse
            them, he is considered to have accepted them
            and is therefore bound to pay for them. (0)
            ADVTG. the willingness of consumers to buy
            a product. See brand acceptance; consumer
            acceptance.
            acceptance of service LAW the act of a defen-
            dant’s solicitor in agreeing to receive a writ of
            summons for his client. Once a solicitor has
            endorsed it, it need not be served personally
            on the defendant.
            (2) the act of agreeing to an offer, invitation,
            proposal, and thus being bound to perform any
            duty it brings.
            acceptance of offer LAw an agreement by one
            party to an offer put to him by another party.
            To become a contract the offer must be wholly
            accepted and the person making the offer must
            be informed. There must be consideration.
            acceptance of proposal INSCE. acknowledgment
            by an insurance company that it agrees to
            give the cover asked for, on payment of the
            premium.
            acceptance sampling QUAL. CONT. the practice
            of choosing and examining only a small sample
            of articles being mass-produced, for it can
            be reasonably said that the quality of those
            samples reflects the general quality of the whole
            production and is a guide to the acceptability
            of the product.


                evince -p 14 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            4 - acceptance

            trials SHIPG. a special voyage made

            ccervage ship before it 1s accepted

            ers.
            o dealt of making oneself hiadiie Wom for
            paying or bearing the cost, or per orming
            duties, stated in a formal document. (4) BKG.
            the act of a person on whom a bill of exchange
            ‘s drawn (the drawee) in writing on the face of
            the bill the word ‘accepted’ and his signature,
            so binding himself to pay the value of the bill
            when it is due. See (5) below. z
            acceptance against documents the position when
            the debtor or drawee is given the shipping
            documents at the time he accepts the bill.
            acceptance by intervention the act of a third
            party who steps in and accepts a bill which has
            been protested for non-acceptance, i.e. has
            been dishonoured.
            acceptance for honour the act of a person who
            is not a party to a dishonoured bill but who,
            as a kindness, accepts it in order to preserve
            the honour of the debtor.
            acceptance supra protest the act of a person
            other than the debtor, who accepts a protested
            bill, usu. in return for a commission.
            commission for acceptance the charge made
            by the acceptor, esp. a merchant banker, for
            accepting a bill and thus becoming responsible
            for its payment when it becomes due.
            default of acceptance see non-acceptance below.
            non-acceptance refusal by the debtor to accept
            a bill when it is presented for acceptance, in
            spite of his having earlier agreed to accept it;
            dishonouring. Syn. default of acceptance.
            partial acceptance the act of accepting responsi-
            bility for paying only a part of the value of a
            bill, the balance being the responsibility of
            other acceptors.
            present for acceptance to send a bill to the
            drawee for his acceptance.
            procure acceptance to make arrangements for
            a bill to be accepted.
            refuse acceptance to be unwilling to accept a
            bill when it is presented in spite of having
            earlier agreed to accept it; to dishonour.
            term of acceptance (a) a condition made by the
            acceptor of a bill, e.g. that it shall be payable
            at a stated bank in a stated place; (5) the length
            of time between the date of acceptance of a
            bill and the date it becomes due for payment.
            (5) BKG. a bill of exchange which has been
            accepted, presented to an acceptor who has
            written the word ‘accepted’ on the face of it,
            binding himself to pay the value of the bill
            when it becomes due. A bill of exchange gener-
            ally. Abbr. acc.; acce.
            acceptance account a record of business deal-
            ings in bills of exchange.
            acceptance bank see accepting house.
            acceptance bill see under bill of exchange.
            acceptance credit an exporter’s bill of exchange



            which has been accepted by an accepting house
            and used as security for an advance or ‘credit’
            by a bank, the exporter paying the discount.
            Syn. commercial credit. See also documentary
            acceptance credit.

            acceptance house see accepting house.
            acceptance market a section of the money mar.
            ket where accepted bills of exchange are
            bought and sold by discount houses and bill.
            brokers.

            accommodation acceptance see accommodation
            bill.

            bank acceptance see bank bill.

            blank acceptance see blank bill of exchange
            under bill of exchange.

            clean acceptance see general acceptance below,
            collateral acceptance an accepted bill of ex-
            change lodged with a bank as security for a
            loan.

            general or clean acceptance an accepted bill
            of exchange without special conditions. Cf.
            qualified or special acceptance below.

            London acceptance credit a bill of exchange
            which has been accepted by an accepting house
            in London, whose name and reputation give
            added safety that the bill will be paid.
            qualified or special acceptance a bill of exchange
            with special conditions as to when, where and
            how payment is to be made. Cf. general or
            clean acceptance above.

            trade acceptance see trade bill.

            uncovered acceptance (a) a bill of exchange
            which is open to risk of being dishonoured;
            (b) an accommodation bill, where one party
            receives no value.

            accepted bill see bill of exchange.
            acceptilation LAw the act of freeing (a person)
            from the duty of paying a debt.

            accepting house BKG. a firm, usu. a merchant
            bank, which in return for a commission accepts
            bills of exchange drawn on certain trusted
            export merchants. Bills accepted by accepting
            houses are more easily and cheaply negotiated
            by the exporter because the high reputation of
            the accepting house greatly reduces the risk of
            non-payment. Accepting houses also act as
            bankers, esp. to many foreign companies. Syn.
            acceptance house; issuing house; merchant
            bank; (U.S.A.) acceptance bank.

            Accepting Houses Committee (A.H.C.)
            BKG. a group of the most important accepting
            houses and merchant banks in London. All
            members are of the highest reputation and bills
            of exchange drawn on them can be discounted
            at very favourable rates.

            acceptor (1) BKG. a person who accepts, i.¢.
            makes himself responsible for paying, a bill of
            exchange when due by signing his name on the
            face of the bill. A drawee becomes the acceptor
            when he accepts the bill.

            acceptor for honour a person who accepts 4


                evince -p 15 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            dishonoured “4 om a kindness, to preserve the
            ebdtor.

            a oa protest a person other than the

            sue who accepts a protested bill, usu. in

            return for a commission.

            (2) Law an offeree. — :
            access (1) a way by which a place, esp. property,

            can be reached or entered.

            access road a road which gives access.

            means of access The track is the only means of

            access to the farm.
            to allow access We cannot allow you access to

            our records.

            to bar access Access to the old mineshaft is

            barred.

            to gain access The firemen used a ladder to gain

            access to the roof.

            to give access That gate gives access to the

            garden.

            (2) a right of approach, of coming near to, of

            entry.

            access to a market CoM. the right or ability to

            sell goods freely into a market without breaking

            any laws or agreements. Opp. bar to a market.

            legal access LAW a right allowed by law to

            certain persons to enter property, or to examine

            objects. A landlord enjoys access to his prop-

            | erty at all reasonable times. Auditors have a

            legal right of access to the books and accounts

            of a company by whom they have been
            appointed auditors.

            v. (1) COMP. to find the exact place where a

            , certain piece of information is stored or has to

            . be stored in a computer. (2) FIN. to obtain a

            | means of reaching: The company intends to

            access overseas capital markets.

            _  accessaries see accessories.

            accessary see accessory.

            accession (1) something added esp. to a collec-
            tion, e.g. a book added to a library, investments
            added to a portfolio. Generally, an increase in
            a stock of anything.
            accession of wealth the gaining possession of a
            stock of valuable things: His main interest in
            life is the accession of wealth.
            (2) LAW additions to, or the improvement of,
            property.
            accession rate MAN. the rate at which new
            employees have been added to the work force,
            expressed as a percentage of the average num-
            ber of workers during a certain period.

            accessories n. pl. Com. (1) parts which can be
            added to a machine, a car, a camera, etc. to
            make it more useful or more attractive. (2)
            extra things specially chosen to go well with a
            coat or dress, e.g. gloves, hat, shoes, handbag.

            h Also accessaries.

            _ &€cessory Law a person who helps a criminal

            e

            in breaking the law. Syn. accomplice. Also
            accessary.

            access time comp. (1) the time taken by a

            mer er
            A i

            EL

            accommodation - 5

            computer to find a piece of information in its
            memory or storage section and to use that
            information in its arithmetic unit. (2) the time
            needed to move a piece of information from
            the arithmetic unit to the memory.

            accident LAW an unforeseen misfortune that is
            not caused by the carelessness or wrong-doing
            of the person applying for relief in the courts.
            accident prevention IND. SFTY. measures taken
            to stop accidents from happening, esp. in fac-
            tories and mines, on roads, railways, etc., and
            even in the home.
            accident-prone said of a person who very often
            has accidents.
            accident-repeater a person who is accident-
            prone, who repeatedly has accidents.
            industrial accident an accident in which an
            employee is killed or injured while at work.
            inevitable accident an accident which has results
            that were not intended and could not reason-
            ably have been expected. See Act of God.
            personal accident policy INSCE. see under
            insurance policy.
            marine accident or accident of navigation SHIPG.
            an accident causing loss of or damage to a ship
            or ships at sea, esp. by collision.

            accidental (1) INSCE. happening by chance;
            unintentional; unexpected: Accidental death/
            injury/loss. Cf. negligent. (2) MAR. INSCE. Acci-
            dental collision, a collision which could not have
            been avoided. Cf. negligent collision.

            accident frequency rate IND. SFTY. the num-
            ber of accidents in which employees are killed
            or badly hurt, per million man-hours worked
            in a year. Abbr. A.F.R.

            accident insurance INSCE. any kind of
            insurance not included under the headings of
            marine, fire and life. See insurance, classes and
            kinds of; also insurance policy.

            acclamation loud, eager agreement: shouts of
            praise or approval: The motion was passed with
            acclamation. The chairman was greeted with
            acclamation.

            accommodate (1) MAN. to make room for: to
            give lodging to: The factory is too small to
            accommodate more machinery. Can you accom-
            modate Mr Smith in your hotel? (2) IND. (with
            to) to make a thing suitable for a special pur-
            pose: This machine can be accommodated to
            making several sizes of product. (3) SHIPG. to fit
            a ship for carrying a special class of passenger
            or cargo: To accommodate a ship for transporting
            immigrants. (4) FIN. to lend money, esp. as a
            kindness and usu. for only a short time: J need
            to borrow £100 until tomorrow : could you please
            accommodate me ?

            accommodation (1) MAN. lodgings; a place to
            Stay or work; house-room, houses; rooms for
            use as offices, office space. (2) TouR. see hotel
            accommodation. (3) sHIPG. the act of fitting
            out a ship or port to handle a special class


                evince -p 16 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &


            6 - accommodation acceptance

            on 7 3);
            of passenger or cargo. “88 een ee
            accommodation berth, pasion’ h ently
            dation. (4) BKG. money lent, esp. W: e Reda
            needed: a short-term loan. See day-t ,
            acc Jation. —
            SET aie ere - eae to an
            = panies in a hneniade for a special
            (5) (in some phrases) at ae suitability. See
            purpose or having some special i wang 4
            accommodation land, accommodation road,

            conaparentaleen acceptance see accommo
            dation bill. |
            accommodation berth sHIPG. a berth reserved
            for use only by the ships of a particular ship-
            owner. Syn. appropriated berth.
            accommodation bill BkG. a bill of exchange
            which has been signed by a person as drawer,
            acceptor or endorser without his receiving any
            value but only to lend his name to help another
            person to negotiate the bill. Sym. accommo-
            dation acceptance; accommodation note; kite.
            accommodation endorsement BKG. writing
            usu. on the back of a bill of exchange or other
            negotiable instrument by a person who signs
            the instrument as endorser, to lend his good
            name and reputation and to take responsibility
            for seeing that payment will be made on the
            due date, thus enabling the instrument to be
            more rapidly and more cheaply negotiated in
            the market. (In U.S.A., accommodation
            indorsement.) See endorsement.
            accommodation land ECON. THEORY special
            farm land having a higher rental value than
            ordinary land because it is near a town or
            market centre and is therefore able to com-
            mand an accommodation rent.
            accommodation note see accommodation
            bill.
            accommodation paper BKG. negotiable
            instruments which have an accommodation
            endorsement.
            accommodation party BKG. a person or com-
            pany of very good reputation who draws,
            accepts or endorses a negotiable instrument in
            order to make it more easily negotiable.
            accommodation payment see kickback.
            accommodation rent ECON. THEORY the extra
            rent or price that has to be paid for accommo-
            dation land.
            accommodation road a road made specially
            for use by persons living in houses away from
            a public road. Syn. accommodation way.
            accommodation train TRANsPT. in U.S.A., a
            train that stops at many stations.
            accommodation unit used by local govern-
            ment housing officials to mean a house or a flat
            Suitable as a home for a family unit, which

            could range from a Single person to
            with several children. 5 Paar

            —————— sibel lana

            accommodation way see accommodation
            ‘oad.
            sonernpaiey to go with, in the company of.
            accompanied by together with.
            accompanied luggage/baggage that which tray.
            els with the passenger, not separately, Opp.
            unaccompanied.
            accompanying documents/papers those Which
            are to be found in the same cover or attachea
            to this present letter, etc.
            accomplice a helper in an unlawful act. gs),
            accessory.
            accordance agreement, esp. in phr. in accord. |
            ance with (the rules, etc.), in keeping with, jp
            agreement with, as required by.
            accord and satisfaction LAW an agreemer;
            (the accord) between parties to an Cxisting
            contract that, in return for the payment of ,
            stated sum (the satisfaction) by one party, he
            is freed of his duties under the contract.
            account 7. (1) a counting up, a Calculation:
            Money of account. To be quick at accounts, to
            be clever in making money calculations. (2)
            ACCTS. (a) generally, any counting and record-
            ing of money, esp. a statement of money
            received or paid: You must keep an account of
            your expenses. (b) a detailed record in orderly
            form of business dealings between parties who
            are debtor and creditor, and of the manner in
            which money ts received, held, or spent. Abbr.
            A/C; A/c; a/c; acc.; acct.
            in account with the heading of a statement or
            copy of the account kept by one party of
            dealings with another.
            (c) the heading of a ledger sheet recording as
            debits and credits all dealings during a given
            period with a particular party, or relating to
            a particular kind of asset, liability, receipt,
            expense, etc.: We have opened an account in
            your name. Charge it to/put it on, my account.
            A payment on account, a part-payment to be
            credited to an account. See accounts, pl. (d) a
            customer, esp. one who has regular dealings
            with the business and therefore has a ledger
            account in his name, the balance being settled
            on presentation of a statement of account or
            at an agreed later date. (e) a bill: an invoice.
            (3) LAW an action in a court of law claiming
            ‘an account’, i.e. a true record of business
            dealings affecting the parties in disagreement.
            Thus a principal may claim from his agent a
            record, or account, of money received from the
            sale of the principal’s goods; or one partner
            may claim from another a full statement, or
            account, of the business profits of the partner
            ship. (4) a story, report, description, exple-
            nation: An account of a_ conversation/a
            journey/negotiations.
            bank account see separate entry.

            by all accounts from what one hears on all
            sides. |


                evince -p 17 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            ccount see 2(c) above.
            od soil of because; for the reason that.

            ccount for his sake; in his interest.
            a . eae for any reason; certainly not.
            on this account for this reason. an
            call to account to make a person explain his
            aaa esp. when they appear to have been
            wrong.
            to give a good
            (5) consideration ;
            into consideration. |
            to take account of to take notice of; to give due
            weight to.
            to leave out of account to take no notice of ;
            intentionally not to include.
            (6) importance: A matter of little account. A
            man of no account, of little or no importance.
            v. (1) (with to) to explain, esp. how money has
            been received and spent: J must account to him
            for the money he left with me. (with for) to give
            reasons for: Can you account for the loss on this
            order? (2) to value: We account him the best of
            our managers.

            Account, The STK. EXCH. one of the periods of
            credit, usu. of 14 days, allowed on dealings
            between members of the (London) Stock Ex-
            change. Securities bought ‘on account’ during
            this time are either paid for ‘at Settlement’ at
            the agreed price, or the debt is ‘carried over’
            or ‘continued’ to the next Account Day in
            return for a payment of interest called continu-
            ation or contango.

            accountable adj. bound by duty to give an
            account or explanation of one’s actions, esp.
            when one is responsible for the money or prop-
            erty of others: The master is accountable to the
            owners for the safety of his ship.
            accountability m. the state of being accountable.

            account agent see credit agent.

            accountancy ACCTs. the keeping of accounts.
            The work and profession of an accountant: He
            intends making a career in accountancy. Syn.
            (U.S.A.) accounting.

            accountant ACCTS. a person having special
            knowledge of commerce and of keeping of
            accounts in business and government organi-
            zations. See certified accountant; chartered
            accountant; public accountant. Cf. book-keep-
            er. Abbr. acct.
            chief accountant the highest-ranking officer
            responsible for the proper keeping of the
            accounts of a business or other organization.
            cost or Management accountant a person whose
            work is to give the managers of a business the
            information they require to control all forms of
            see including or cost of making products, _,
            . ing services, deciding pri ‘
            ngayon g prices, and check

            io ACCTS. the difference between
            credit en of all the debit entries and all the

            ntries in an account, i.e. the sum

            account of oneself to succeed,
            To take into account, to take

            accounting period - 7

            required to make one side of the account bal-
            ance the other.

            account books see books of account.

            account current ACCTS. a statement, usu.
            headed A in A/c with B and made out in the
            form of a copy of the ledger account recording
            business dealings between the two parties dur-
            ing a given period. Example: a bank pass-book.
            Cf. current account; credit account. Syn. open
            account; running account. Abbr. A/C.

            Account Day sTK. EXCH. the last day of The
            Account and the fifth day of the periods of five
            days known as The Settlement, when brokers
            and their clients pay amounts due between
            them, when sums due between members are
            settled by cheque or are ‘carried over’ or ‘con-
            tinued’, and when deliveries of stock are made
            to the buyers. Syn. Pay Day; Settling Day ;
            Settlement Day. See contango.

            account executive ADVTG. & COM. a business
            executive, esp. one in an advertising agency,
            who handles orders from customers having
            regular dealings with the business who have
            therefore had an account opened in their name.

            accounting accts. (1) in U.S.A., the same
            meaning as accountancy in Britain. (2) in
            Britain, a system of recording the money
            value of business dealings and income and ex-
            penditure accounts to enable the manage-
            ment of a concern to see the financial position
            at any time. See also conservative accounting;
            cost accounting; creative accounting; current
            cost accounting; equity accounting; financial
            accounting; historic cost accounting; manage-
            ment accounting.

            accounting cost see under cost.

            accounting equation accTs. the basic idea (or
            principle) on which all financial accounting
            depends, that the resources possessed by a
            business are equal to the sum of the sources
            from which those resources were obtained. In
            other words the capital (sum supplied by the
            owners) plus the liabilities (amount owed by the
            business) together equal the assets (resources),
            and is expressed in the equation: Capital +
            liabilities = assets. Syn. double-entry equation.

            "ae ee financial see financial account-

            accounting machine accrts. Strictly any
            machine intended to carry out at the same
            he coe the entry, totalling of entries, and

            incing of accounts. More generally, the

            ctr prepnct lt mean any machine wich
            any way be sPiears deal with pay-rolls or in

            sinners oe use in keeping financial records.

            Ag, Management see management

            accounting.

            accounting period (1) accts. any period (or
            fixed length of time) usu, a year, at the end of
            which accounts are made up, balances are
            struck and a profit or loss figure is arrived at.


                evince -p 18 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            Ne ——————L——L———<—————

            8 - accounting procedure

            Syn. financial year, accounting year. (2) STK. |

            xcH. the period for which an income distri-
            sion de se usu. a year or half-year. yn.
            , riod.
            ce procedure ACCTS. the orderly
            steps taken by accounts staff in keeping proper
            ncial accounts.
            Ferns rate of return ACCTS. the net
            profit from an investment (usu. a particular
            project) expressed as a percentage of the book
            value of the assets invested in the project. This
            method is an alternative to the net present
            value method of investment appraisal. Abbr.
            A.R.R. .
            accounting, social see social accounting.
            accounting summary ACCcTS. one of several
            short statements together forming the final
            accounts or financial reports of a business at
            the end of a given accounting period. These
            summaries are: the three profit statements (the
            trading account, the profit and loss account,
            and the appropriation account) and the balance
            sheet. The purpose of each summary is to show
            the financial position from a particular point
            of view. The expression accounting summary
            can also cover statements not included in the
            usual final accounts which are prepared for the
            information of the management, e.g. a funds
            flow statement.
            accounting year see under year.
            account, money of accts. the standard unit
            of money of a particular country, in which all
            accounts are kept and all money values are
            measured. In Britain, the pound sterling; in
            U.S.A., the U.S. dollar; in France, the French
            franc; and so on. Syn. unit of account.
            account payable acctTs. an invoice that has
            yet to be paid, and therefore represents money
            owed by the business to somebody else. See
            accounts payable. Opp. account receivable.
            account payee BKG. words sometimes added
            to the crossing on a cheque in order to prevent
            dishonesty, to tell the paying banker to credit
            the amount of the cheque to the named payee’s
            bank account and to no other. Sometimes the
            word ‘only’ is added: account payee only. Abbr.
            a/c payee.
            account period see accounting period.
            account receivable (1) acctTs. a sum of money
            due to be received from a customer in the
            ordinary course of trade but not yet paid.
            See accounts receivable. Syn. book debts.
            Opp. account payable. (2) pi. Com. the total of
            all the accounts receivable. This may be used
            by the business as security for a loan, or may
            be sold to a factor: See factoring. Syn. accounts
            receivable financing.
            account rendered accts. words used in a state-
            ment of account to refer to an unpaid balance
            of account of which details have been given in
            an earlier statement.

            accounts 7. p/. ACCTS. a group or set of accoun.
            ing records (each called an account) which
            taken together, tell the owners and managers |
            of a business how much it owes and how much
            it is owed; and after periodical balancing, how
            much profit and loss has been made. Bes
            interpretation of accounts under interpretation
            Syn. the Books, see books of account. |
            annual accounts a complete set of accounts |
            required by law to be produced by all compa-
            nies and most other business and administrative
            organizations, showing the results of trading
            and other operations during the accounting
            period, usu. of a year, and the state of affairs
            at the end of that period. Also final accounts.
            bank accounts see bank account.
            computerized accounts accounting records kept
            by a computer system, as compared with, e.g.,
            manual methods.
            consolidated accounts those which must by law
            be prepared by a holding company, showing
            the results of trading and the financial position
            of all members of that group of companies in
            a combined form.
            final accounts the official accounts of a company
            or other business concern, usu. the same as the
            annual accounts. See also directors’ report.
            group accounts the accounts of a holding com-
            pany and of its subsidiaries presented together
            but not combined as in the case of consolidated
            accounts.
            impersonal accounts any ledger accounts that
            are not personal accounts. Impersonal accounts
            may be subdivided into real accounts and
            nominal accounts, and are kept in the imper-
            sonal ledger. Cf. personal accounts below.
            interim accounts those prepared by a company
            or group of companies to show the results of
            trading during only a part of the full accounting
            period, often for half a year, mainly to show
            progress and often not audited, being intended
            for information and guidance.
            ledger accounts accounts forming the main part
            of the accounting system of a business organi-
            zation, so called because they used to be written
            into a ledger or large account book, but are
            often now kept on loose sheets or cards or in
            the files of a computer. They are in three groups
            as follows:
            nominal accounts those ledger accounts which
            relate to revenue and expenditure.
            personal accounts ledger accounts of debtors
            and creditors whose personal or business names
            are used as headings.
            real accounts those ledger accounts which relate
            to the assets and capital of the business con
            cern. The balances of the real accounts are the
            basis of the balance sheet.

            account sales com. a detailed statement sem!
            by a commission agent to his principal, listing
            amounts obtained for goods sold for the prin¢™”


                evince -p 19 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &


            pal and showing amounts to be taken off for
            selling-expenses, agent’s commission, etc., the
            resulting balance being called net proceeds of
            sale.
            accounts Clerk see book-keeper.
            accounts, falsification of see falsification of
            accounts.
            accounts, interpretation of see under
            interpretation (1).
            accounts payable p/. accTs. (mainly U.S.A.)
            the name of an account recording amounts
            owed by the business. Syn. (Britain) creditors.
            Cf. accounts receivable.
            accounts receivable p/. accts. (mainly
            U.S.A.) the name of an account recording
            amounts owed to the business. Syn. (Britain)
            debtors. Cf. accounts payable.
            account stated com. words used when refer-
            ring to an account, the balance of which has
            already been agreed by the parties as being
            correct. Also, stated account.
            account, statement of see statement of
            account.
            account terms COM. words used, esp. on a
            quotation or estimate, to point out that the
            goods to be supplied are to be debited to a
            credit account in the customer’s name and are
            to be paid for at the usual time for such
            accounts to be settled. Cf. cash on delivery;
            cash with order.
            account trading STK. EXCH. the buying and
            selling of the same stock within a single account
            period, so that only the difference between the
            buying and the selling price is paid between
            _ broker and investor.
            account, unit of see unit of account.
            accred. accredited.
            accredited com. officially recognized; (of per-
            sons) highly trusted, of declared rank or pos-
            ition and holding formal power to represent.
            Officially declared to be of good quality:
            Accredited milk. Abbr. accred.
            accredited agent see credit agent.
            accredited parties persons to whom special pow-
            ers have been given to act in certain stated
            matters, esp. bankers and brokers.
            accretion ECON. an increase in value of an asset
            by natural growth, e.g. of land by a change in
            the coastline or in the course of a river; of
            forests by the growth of trees; of money by the
            adding of interest.
            accrual (1) ACCTS. continual increase and
            growth; accumulation; the act of accruing. (2)
            LAW the gradual increase of a fund by
            additions. See accruals.
            accrual concept ACCcTS. a basic accounting rule
            that when balancing costs against income to
            arrive at a profit or loss during a given period,
            the costs taken are accrued costs, i.e. of goods
            and services used up or employed during the
            Period, whether paid for or not; and the income

            accumulator - 9

            taken is accrued income, i.e. income earned
            during the period, whether actually received
            or not. Syn. (U.S.A.) accrual basis.

            accruals n. pi. ACCTS. an adjusting amount added
            to an account at the end of an accounting
            period to record a sum owed to or by the
            firm but not yet paid. See accrual concept;
            adjustment (3). Cf. prepayments.

            accrue COM. to increase gradually with time:
            to become larger by natural growth: Interest
            accruing from I July. Arrears of rent accrued
            month by month. See accrual.

            accrued costs ACCTS. see accrual concept.

            accrued expenses ACCTS. the same as accrued
            costs but limited to overhead expenses.

            accrued income ACCTS. see accrual concept.

            accrued interest (1) COM. interest earned dur-
            ing a certain period but which has not yet been
            paid, either because it is overdue or because it
            may not be due until a later event, e.g. the
            completion of a contract. (2) STK. EXCH. interest
            on gilt-edged securities which has been earned
            but is not yet due for payment. If a sale takes
            place at this stage, the seller and the buyer
            share the accrued interest.

            acct. accountant; account.

            accumulate to grow greater by regular or con-
            tinual additions.
            accumulated fund ACcTs. the balances in a group
            of accounts which, when totalled, show the
            liability of (i.e. the amount owed by) a non-
            trading concern, e.g. a club or society, to its
            members. Cf. the capital account in a trading
            concern.
            accumulated dividends those on cumulative
            preference shares which have not been paid
            on the due date. Syn. accumulative dividends.
            accumulated depreciation the total of all the
            yearly amounts so far written off the value of
            a fixed asset.
            accumulated profit what remains in the profit
            and loss appropriation account after putting
            some profit to reserves and using some for
            dividends. The remaining unused balance, or
            accumulated profit, is carried forward and is
            available for use next year.

            accumulation STK.EXCH. in U.S.A., the differ-
            ence between the cost of a bond bought at a
            discount and its face value. This difference
            partly determines the yield at maturity.

            accumulation unit FIN. in an investment trust
            linked to life assurance, a unit which does not
            pay dividends from time to time but lets them
            accumulate, or grow, by adding them together
            and, after deducting income tax, includes them
            in the price of the unit. Cf. income unit.

            accumulative dividends see accumulated
            dividends under accumulate.

            accumulator Comp. that part of a computer in
            which the results of calculations are held until
            needed.


                evince -p 20 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &



            10 - accumulator bet

            accumulator bet a bet on several horse or
            dog races, the original stake-money and any
            winnings being laid on the next race, and so
            on until at the end of the day the gambler
            either loses all or has big winnings. )
            accurate description COM. one, esp. In an
            advertisement, which is true and not mislead:
            ing, otherwise it would be an offence under the
            fair trading laws: This advertisement/catalogue
            gives an accurate description of the goods. Opp.
            innaccurate description.
            acetate ribbon see carbon ribbon.
            a.c.i. assuré contre l’incendie.
            acid test ratio FIN. & ACCTS. a test used in
            deciding solvency, by relating a concern’s most
            liquid assets (usu. its bank balance, money due
            from customers, cash, and quickly saleable
            investments) to its current liabilities. In
            U.S.A., quick asset ratio. Cf. liquid ratio test:
            current ratio.
            ack. acknowledge.
            ack'd. acknowledged.
            ackers (collog.) money.
            ackgt. acknowledg(e)ment.
            acknowledge (1) com. to make known to the
            sender that a thing he has sent has arrived: Tc
            acknowledge (receipt of) a letter/parcel/order/etc
            Abbr. ack.; ack’d. (2) LAW to recognize a:
            legal, as having force: To acknowledge a debt/c
            claim/an authority/ownership of copyright/a righ
            of way/etc. Syn. admit. Opp. disclaim.
            acknowledg(e)ment com. (1) a report to the
            sender that the thing he has sent has arrived
            We have had no acknowledgement of our letter
            Abbr. ackgt. (2) a formal document from <¢
            supplier to his customer accepting an offer suck
            as a purchase order, and so making a contrac!
            to supply. (3) LAW a formal declaration by
            a person that the signature on a particula
            document is his own. (4) a statement recogniz
            ing another person’s right or claim, e.g. of ¢
            debt.

            acknowledg(e)ment of copyright Com. §
            LAW a note in a book or written article sayin
            where a piece of copyright material has beer
            taken from and usu. expressing thanks fo:
            permission to print it.

            acknowledg(e)ment of debt com. & LAW ar
            admission in writing signed by a debtor tha
            he owes the amount of the debt. This keep:
            the debt ‘alive’ so that it does not become
            barred by limitation.

            a compte (French, a payment on account) a par
            payment. Abbr. a.c.; a.c.

            ACORN apvtc. A Classification Of Residentia
            Neighbourhoods: a scheme based on the U.K
            census which classes the population into type
            of residential area, e.g. wealthy suburbs, agri
            cultural villages, etc. It is now widely used it
            U.K. marketing, on the grounds that type o
            residence is a good indicator of the value


            ee I ae Se Se ae OU

            ro —_ wa OT

            ‘ew Eo

            Ee


            behind consumer buying preferences, ]t can
            also be used with computerized postal Codes
            for direct marketing.

            A.C.P. African, Caribbean and Pacific (coun-
            tries).

            a/c payee account payee.

            acquaintance COM. some knowledge of a per-
            son or subject gained usu. through work: J hap,
            an acquaintance with Spanish.
            business acquaintance a person one knows, but
            who is not close enough to call a friend.

            acquiescence LAW assent by remaining silen;
            acceptance of an infringement of one’s right;
            by raising no objection and so losing any righ;
            to relief as a plaintiff.

            acquire CoM. to become the owner of; to buy:
            to get possession of: To acquire a property by
            purchase/by inheritance.
            to acquire a reputation for to get a name for
            being good at.
            acquired for clients words on an estate agent’s
            signboard making it known that he has nego-
            tiated the buying of the particular house for
            his clients.

            acquired surplus FIN. a surplus that has been
            gained by means other than regular trading.
            An excess of assets over liabilities which has
            arisen from reorganizing the capital of one or
            more businesses, e.g. by a company changing
            the par value of its shares or stock, or by
            merging two or more businesses.

            acquisition (1) the act of acquiring: The acqui-
            sition of properties/of a business/of wealth. Opp.
            disposal. (2) a. thing acquired; something newly
            added to an existing stock: Recent acquisitions
            to a library, books newly added.

            acquisitive eager to acquire things; desiring to
            be wealthy. The acquisitive society, classes of
            people who greatly desire to possess material
            things and to have the means to buy them
            continually.

            acquit (1) COM. & LAW to pay (a debt). Syn.
            discharge. (2) to set a person free of some duty,
            esp. to pay a debt. n. acquittal. (3) Law to find
            and declare (a person) to be not guilty of a
            crime.

            acquittance (1) CoM. & LAw. the settlement of
            a debt or other obligation or duty in full. Syn.
            quittance; quietus. (2) Law a written document
            providing proof of the settlement of a debt or
            the performance of a duty. Syn. acquittal.

            acre a measure of land (and sometimes of water)
            surfaces, 4840 sq. yds. = 1/640 sq. m. =
            0.404686 ha., in general use in Britain and the
            U.S.A. The larger Scottish acre (6150 sq. yds.)
            and Irish acre (7840 sq. yds.) are not now used.
            See also customary acre. Abbr. a.; ac.

            acreage AGR. an area usu. expressed as a number
            of acres. The barley acreage has doubled. Pro”.
            aykrij.

            across the board including all persons and

                evince -p 21 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            > >

            i 2. 3S 3 eo aa a oe a ee ee, a

            things in a group; words used to describe
            increases in wages or prices which are applied
            in the form of a standard or fixed amount or as
            a fixed percentage to every unit in a particular
            group, e.g. to the wages of each worker or to
            the price of each product in the group so
            that all are treated equally and there are no
            exceptions. The increase in wages is limited to
            £6 per week across the board. An across-the-
            board increase of 5% on our list prices.
            across the counter Com. in the regular course
            of trade: Sales made across the counter. Cf. over
            the counter; under the counter.
            A.C.R.S. Accelerated Cost Recovery System.
            act. acting; actuary.
            A.C.T. advance corporation tax.
            act n. LAW (1) the doing of something: The thief
            was caught in the act of stealing. (2) a thing
            done: An act of kindness/of courtesy. (3) a law
            decided by the governing body of a country
            which all citizens must obey. (Usu. with initial
            capital A: Act.) (4) any written agreement
            binding in law: This is my act and deed, words
            said when signing a binding legal instrument.
            v. (1) to do: Think before you act. How soon can
            you act? (2) (with for) to represent: An agent
            acts for his principal ; a solicitor acts for his client.
            (3) to do some special work; to serve some
            special purpose: The brakes act on the drum.
            Let me act as interpreter.
            acting performing the duties of another person
            for a short while: The acting manager is doing
            the duties of the manager until a new person is
            appointed. Abbr. act.
            acting partner COM. see under partner.
            act in law LAw the making of a legal document,
            such as a contract or a will.
            action LAW a case brought in a civil court to
            claim one’s legal rights; a lawsuit. Syn. legal
            action. See also frivolous action under abuse
            of process; vexatious action under abuse of
            process.
            actionable LAw providing good grounds for a
            legal action.
            action in rem LAW in Britain, a case brought
            in the Admiralty Court upon the arrest of a
            ship.
            active (1) full of action; busy; alive. (2) STK.
            EXCH. of market conditions, much buying and
            selling of shares: Active dealings took place in
            oils (i.e. in oil shares). (3) COMMOD. EXCH. The
            demand for copper is active, many traders are
            wanting to buy copper.
            active assets FIN. see under assets.
            active balance ECON. (of payments, of trade)
            favourable. Opp. passive balance; unfavoura-
            ble balance.
            active bonds see under bond, n.
            active capital see under capital.
            active circulation BKG. & PUB. FIN. bank-notes
            which are actively in use by the public as

            actuarial calculation - 11

            distinguished from stocks of notes which are
            held in reserve by the bank.

            active file see under file.

            active market see under market.

            active money ECON. money actually circulating
            from person to person and being used by the
            public in buying and selling goods and services,
            as distinguished from inactive or idle money
            held in the form of bank balances.

            active partner see under partner.

            active trust LAW a trust of which the trustee
            actually performs certain duties in managing
            it. Cf. bare trustee.

            act liability insurance INSCE. motor-car
            insurance which covers only those liabilities to
            other road users which must be insured under
            the law. Syn. third-party insurance.

            act of bankruptcy LAw a thing done by a
            debtor which may give his creditors the legal
            right to have him made bankrupt, e.g. hiding
            or running away from his creditors.

            Act of Congress LAw a law passed by Con-
            gress, the highest law-making body of the
            United States of America.

            act of courtesy LAW a thing done out of kind-
            ness or politeness, not because of any legal
            duty. Syn. act of grace.

            Act of God (1) an event caused by natural forces
            which no human power could prevent, e.g.
            storm, earthquake. (2) SHIPG. when written on
            a bill of lading, neither party is responsible for
            loss so caused. Cf. force majeure. See also
            inevitable accident under accident.

            act of grace (1) LAW a pardon given by Act of
            Parliament. (2) the same as an act of courtesy.

            Act of Parliament LAw a law passed in those
            countries in which the name parliament is given
            to the highest governing body. In Britain, an
            Act of Parliament cannot be overruled except
            by a further Act. See statute law.

            act of war LAW an event caused by the use of
            force by one country upon another against
            the rules of international law and therefore
            leading, or likely to lead, to war. A warlike
            act.

            actual see actual price.

            actual loss INSCE. the exact value of the loss
            known to have been suffered, not merely a
            supposed or ‘paper’ loss.

            actual price STK. EXCH. the price at which a

            jobber is agreeable to buy or sell a security
            now, as distinct from a promise to buy or sell
            in the future (‘futures’); sometimes shortened
            to ‘actual’.

            actual total loss INscE. where the thing insured
            is completely lost or is so badly damaged that
            it is not worth repairing. Cf. constructive total
            loss; presumed total loss. Abbr. A.T.L.

            actuarial calculation INscE. the result of the
            work of an actuary, usu. in the form of tables


                evince -p 22 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &


            12 - actuary
            ree of chance of risk affecting
            nch of insurance.

            fessional person employed
            because he has spe-
            tes of insurance by

            showing the deg
            some particular bra
            actuary INSCE. 4 protes
            by an mpage a
            ilis in calcul ) ne
            te mathematical laws of prabe e
            measure risk. In England, actuaries _ sd
            bers of the Institute of Actuaries, an in ; : |
            land, of the Faculty - se Syn. (collog.
            cruncher. Abor. act.

            ae actuary an official who makes fore-
            casts about future movements and events, esp.

            of population statistics.

            A.C.V. air cushion vehicle.

            ad, ad. (collog.) advertisement. See also small
            ads.

            A/d., a.d. after date.

            A.D.B. Asian Development Bank.

            add. addenda; addressed.

            added value see value added.

            added value tax see value added tax under tax.

            adder (U.S.A.) an adding machine.

            add-in comp. an extension board which fits onto
            a microcomputer to provide extra processing
            capability.

            adding machine coM. & ACCTS. an office
            machine, usu. with keys like a typewriter, used
            for adding and subtracting figures. Cf. add-
            lister; calculating machine.

            additional premium see under premium. Abbr.
            A.P.

            addi. additional.

            add-lister CoM. & ACCTS. an adding machine
            that prints figures in the form of a list on a
            band of paper.

            address v. (1) to write (on an envelope, parcel,

            etc.) the name of the receiver, usu. with the
            place where that person or company lives or
            works. Abbr. add.; addsd. (addressed). (2) to
            speak to a person or group: He addressed the
            meeting.
            n. (1) the number of the building, name of the
            street and town, etc. of a person or company.
            (2) such information written down, as on an
            envelope or parcel. See also abbreviated
            address. (3) COMP. a sign made up of letters or
            numbers which enables a digital computer to
            find the exact place in its memory where cer-
            tain information is stored. The word is also
            used for the place itself.

            —— book a book in which names and
            adcresses are recorded, usu. j
            order. Cf. address card. tae

            nee Fe el

            order, Cf. address book. ee

            address commission SHIPG. a commission


            paid to the agent of the cha or hi
            | ) rterers for
            as arranging the loading of a Ship. —
            accressee the person to whom a
            gram, parcel, etc. is addressed.

            letter, tele-


            forms of see forms of address.

            ar eapaine machine a machine which prints
            names and addresses on envelopes or letters }
            means of small printing plates or stencils.

            Addressograph a well-known make of addregs-
            ing machine.

            addsd. addressed.

            ‘add-to’ system COM. an arrangement by
            which a customer gets a number of articles on
            hire-purchase but makes a down payment only
            on the first article.

            A.D.F. Asian Development Fund.

            adhesive stamp see under stamp.

            adj. adjective; adjourned ; adjustment. |

            adjective law LAW that part of the law which
            relates to practice and procedure, 1.€. to the
            arrangements and rules by which the work of
            the courts is carried out in an orderly and
            proper manner. Cf. substantive law.

            adjourn to put off until a later time or to another
            place. The chairman adjourned the meeting until
            Monday. The adjourned hearing resumed today.
            The committee adjourned to the dining-room for
            lunch. Abbr. adj. (adjourned). eae,

            adjournment sine die (sine die: Latin, without
            a day) the adjourning or closing esp. of a
            meeting or a court case, without deciding on
            what day it will be reopened.

            adjudicate LAW to give judgment upon; to
            decide as a judge how a claim or quarrel should
            be settled or how a legal question be dealt with.

            adjudication order LAW a court order declar-
            ing a debtor to be bankrupt and arranging for
            his affairs to be managed by a trustee.

            adjust (1) to put right: The error in the account has
            been adjusted. An adjusting entry. Syn. correct;
            rectify. (2) to make suitable for, or to fit, a
            particular purpose: The book value of the stock
            has been adjusted to arrive at its true worth. The
            machine can be adjusted to make several different
            sizes of product. (3) INSCE. to settle an insurance
            claim. See adjustment (1).

            adjusted selling price accts. one of the
            methods of valuing stock-in-trade for account-
            ing purposes esp. in retail shops, i.e. reducing
            the selling price by taking off the expected
            profit and selling expenses.

            adjusted share price sTK. Excu. the price of
            a share after allowing for any new issues, both
            bonus and cash, and for the effects of conver-
            tible loan stock.

            adjuster INSCE. a person employed by an
            insurance Company to value losses and to settle
            claims. See adjustment; average adjuster;
            claims adjuster; fire-loss adjuster.

            adjustment (1) INSCE. the course of reaching an
            agreed settlement between insurer and insured
            regarding the amount of the claim. (2) MAR-
            INSCE. the actual amount of money due to the
            insured to repay his loss, after taking account
            of any allowances and deductions. (3) ACCTS: @


                evince -p 23 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            change made to an account at the end of an
            accounting period in order that it should show
            more accurately the true state of the finances
            of the business. Examples are: accruals and
            prepayments. (4) ECON. see adjustment mech-
            anism. Abbr. adj.

            adjustment account see control account.

            adjustment bonds see under bond, n.

            adjustment mechanism ECON. a means by
            which a country whose costs have become too
            high can regain a favourable balance of trade
            without suffering the pain of high unemploy-
            ment to force wages down.

            adjustment of average MAR. INSCE. see aver-
            age adjuster; also general average, particular
            average under average.

            adjustment of claims Com. the settlement of
            demands when goods are lost, damaged or
            delayed during carriage.

            adm. admitted.

            ad. man. advertising or advertisement manager.

            admass or ad-mass ADVTG. (1) the systematic
            and excessive use of the mass media (television,
            radio, newspapers, etc.) by commercial and
            industrial firms for powerful advertising, with
            resulting bad effects on the life and happiness
            of the public. (2) the mass of people whom
            advertisers aim to reach in using the mass
            media. See advertising media.

            Admin. Administration (Government).

            admin. administration; administrator; adminis-
            tratrix; (collog.) the details of the practice and
            procedure of an operation.

            administered price see under price.

            administration (1) MAN. the control, direction
            and management of a business or service. Abbr.
            admin. (2) LAW the work of an executor or
            administrator in managing and settling finally
            the affairs of a dead person.

            Administration Law (with capital A) (1) the
            government of a country, esp. in U.S.A. (2) in
            Britain, the ministers appointed by the Prime
            Minister to help govern the country: Churchill's
            Administration. Abbr. Admin.

            administration action LAW an action in the
            High Court by a creditor to obtain a court
            order for payment of money owing to him by
            a debtor who has died.

            administration bond see under bond, n.

            administration costs ACCTs. the costs of con-
            trolling, directing and managing a business
            which cannot be directly charged to the pro-
            duction, distribution and selling of its products.
            Syn. administration expenses; administrative
            expenses; administrative overheads; establish-
            ment charges.

            administration expenses see administration
            costs.

            administration, letters of see letters of admin-
            istration.

            administration of estates LAW the work of

            settling the affairs of a dead person by his
            personal representatives, such as collecting and
            selling his assets, paying his debts and dividing
            up what is left among those persons having the
            right to receive it. See administrator, executor,
            letters of administration.

            administration order LAw in the case of small
            bankruptcies, a court order for the quick admin-
            istration, without further application to the
            court, of the affairs of a bankrupt who has
            died. |

            administrative control MAN. (1) a means of
            checking, testing and watching over the oper-
            ations of running a business or public service
            in order to make it successful. (2) the power to
            direct, to make rules for the management and
            running of a business or service.

            administrative expenses see administration
            costs.

            administrative overheads see administration
            costs.

            administrative tribunal in Britain, one of a
            group of tribunals which have power to settle
            special problems of government administra-
            tion, esp. in social and legal matters, ¢.g. indus-
            trial courts, rent tribunals, the Transport
            Tribunal and the Special Commissioners of
            Income Tax.

            administrator (1) LAW a person appointed to
            manage the affairs of another, esp. a person
            appointed by a probate court to settle the
            affairs of someone who has died without
            appointing an executor, or whose appointed
            executor has died or cannot or will not act.
            See personal representative. (2) MAN. a person
            having power to control, direct or manage a
            business or other organization. (3) FIN. in Brit-
            ain, a type of receiver appointed by the courts
            before a company actually goes bankrupt but
            when it looks to be in danger of doing so. The
            company’s assets are frozen while the receiver
            tries to work out a plan to save the company.
            This role was created in order that companies
            could avoid having to declare themselves bank-
            rupt before they could be granted official help
            (in the form of a receiver). Abbr. admin.

            administratrix LAW a female administrator.
            Abbr. admin.

            Admiralty Court or Court of Admiralty Law
            in Britain, a division of the High Court which
            has power to decide cases concerning ships and
            the sea.

            admission (1) the act of allowing to enter:
            Admission by ticket only. An admission ticket.
            (2) the right to allow or refuse permission to
            enter: Admission reserved, (in a restaurant or
            bar) the management state that they have the
            right to admit or not to admit members of the
            public. (3) STK. EXCH. Admission to quotation,
            permission given by the Stock Exchange to a
            company for its shares to be dealt in by mem-


                evince -p 24 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &


            14 - admission temporaire

            bers of the Stock Exchange. See application

            r quotation.
            eaten temporaire (French) temporary

            admission. Abbr. A.T.
            admit (1) to allow to enter,
            shareholders were admitte
            has been admitted a member of t
            ange. (2) to accept, to agree to be
            admit your claim. Abbr. adm.
            admitted insurer see under insurer.
            adopt (1) by vote, to approve, to accept: The
            hoard adopted the recommendations of the com-
            mittee. (2) by vote, to pass or carry, esp. 4
            resolution: The meeting adopted the resolution
            proposed by Mr Smith. (3) to choose formally,
            to support the work of: Mr K. has been adopted
            as candidate for election to the council. (4) to
            take up and act upon: We must adopt a strong
            course of action to reduce expenses. He adopted
            a firm attitude. (5) to take into one’s care; to
            become responsible for: The local authority has
            adopted this road, has taken over responsibility
            for repairing it.
            adoption curve IND. the rate at which a market
            will adopt a new or innovatory product.
            Research shows that there are often four cate-
            gories of customer, whose reaction to inno-
            vation is to some _ extent predictable:
            innovators (the first to adopt an innovation
            and the first to move on afterwards to the
            next innovation), early adopters, majority, and
            laggards (the slowest to adopt an innovation
            and to move on).
            adoption of contract CoM. & LAW the accept-
            ance of a contract by one party as binding even
            though he has the right to be relieved of his
            duty under the contract.
            adoptive Act LAw an Act of Parliament which
            does not operate as law until it is adopted, i.e.
            accepted and brought into force by a local
            authority or other body who, under the pro-
            visions of the Act, are given special power to
            decide whether or not to bring it into effect.
            A.D.P. automatic data processing.
            A.D.R. American depository receipt.
            ad referendum Com. & LAW (Latin, to be further
            considered) words used to describe a contract
            which has been signed but which contains
            certain provisions of relatively little import-
            ance that remain to be further considered: An
            ad referendum contract.
            ads. advertisements.
            A.D.S.T. approved deferred share trust.
            adulteration LAW & IND. the dishonest act of
            lowering the value of a substance by mixing it
            caren matter so as to result in making
            ae - = something different from and
            ‘i — om an what it is intended or held out
            ; Lhe adulteration of foodstuffs is illegal.

            na

            to allow to join: The
            d to the meeting. He
            he Stock Exch-
            right: We


            Adv., adv. advance, advertisement; advice.
            adv. advance; adverb; advisory.
            ad val. ad valorem.
            ad valorem com. (Latin, according to value)
            words describing a duty or tax which is Charged
            as a percentage of the value of the goods, a.
            distinguished from a specific or fixed duty or
            tax. See also tariff; excise duty. Abbr. ad. val,:
            a/v.
            jane y. STK. EXCH. to move forward o,
            upward: Shares advanced in all sectors, market
            prices were higher in all kinds of shares.
            to advance money to pay money before it jg
            due; to lend money. |
            n. (1) money advanced: Pay him an advance of
            £20 on his wages. Advance of royalties. A sum
            of money which a publisher pays to the writer
            of a book at an agreed time, usu. on signature
            of the publishing agreement or on the day
            of publication of the book, and which the
            publisher later takes back from the royalties
            due to the writer on sales of the book. (2) a
            payment of part of a sum due before receipt
            of the goods. We require you to pay an advance
            of 50% of the price before supplying your order. (3)
            BKG. a loan, esp. to a customer by a commercial
            bank in the form either of a bank overdraft or
            a bank loan; or by a finance company, esp.
            under a hire-purchase agreement. See advan-
            ces, n. pl. Abbr. Adv.; adv.
            advance bill com. a bill of exchange drawn
            before the goods are sent off.
            advance corporation tax see corporation tax
            under tax.
            advanced passenger train TRANSPT. a mod-
            ern very fast railway train that can run long
            distances at a speed of over 240 km/h. Abbr.
            A.P.T. See also bullet train.
            advance freight SHIPG. & TRANSPT. freight paid
            in advance, i.e. before the goods are carried.
            Abbr. a.f.
            advance interest see under interest.
            advance man Com. esp. in U.S.A., an employee
            or agent who travels to places in advance of a
            Circus or theatrical company to arrange for
            lodgings, advertising, sale of tickets, etc. before
            the main party arrives.
            advancement (1) Law an arrangement by
            which a trustee under a will or settlement
            advances money in order to better the interests
            of the beneficiary, e.g. to pay for his education
            or to help him set up a business. (2) MAN. an
            Increase in pay; an improvement in benefits;
            moving up to a higher rank: To seek advance-
            ment to a higher grade. Syn. promotion. __
            Advance-Purchase Excursion TOUR. an ait-
            line return ticket sold at a cheap rate, but under
            Strict booking restrictions, e.g. flights both
            ways must be fixed and paid for 3 months in
            advance; dates of flights cannot be changed;
            there must not be any stopovers. Abbr. APEX.


                evince -p 25 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            - BKG. & FIN. those assets of
            aceon reales to money adcntioes :
            : ‘al and industrial companies and f
            eR roti in the form of loans and over-
            privts. Governments may control the er
            of the banks to make advances, ai . i
            ‘acrease in advances results in an addition te
            the country’s money supply. as
            advances ratio BKG. & FIN. the proportion ( ;
            3 total advances expressed as . percentage i
            the total deposits of a bank, This ratio 18 an
            instrument used by the Treasury and the Bank
            of England to measure conditions in the money
            sarket. Cf. liquidity ratio.
            advantage see absolute advantage; compara-
            ive advantage under Comparative Cost Prin-
            ciple.
            advb. adverb.
            adventure (1) CoM. in business, the taking of a
            commercial or financial risk. The action of a
            merchant who at his own risk sends goods
            abroad to an agent who will sell them at the
            highest price he can get. Cf. enterprise; specu-
            lation; venture. See bill of adventure; joint
            adventure under joint venture. (2) MAR. INSCE.
            the time during which goods are at risk,
            whether insured or not.
            adverse possession LAw illegal possession and
            use of land or property which, if allowed to
            continue for more than a certain length of time
            laid down by law, may give the illegal possessor
            the legal right to become the owner.
            adverse trade balance ECON. the trade bal-
            ance of a country is said to be adverse, passive,
            unfavourable or in deficit when the value of its
            visible imports is greater than the value of its
            visible exports. Syn. adverse balance of trade.
            Opp. active balance; favourable balance. See
            balance of trade; balance of payments.
            advert. advertisement.
            advertisement ADVTG. (1) a public notice usu.
            printed in a newspaper, of goods for sale or
            services offered; or of goods and services
            wanted. (2) a printed sheet bearing information
            about goods for sale, a poster. Abbr. ad; ad.:
            advert.; Adv.; adv; advt.; pl. ads.
            classified advertisement (collog. classified ad.) a
            small advertisement in a newspaper, usu. of
            only a few lines, placed with others of a similar
            kind under a heading such as Houses for Sale.
            Flats to Let, Situations Vacant, Situations
            Wanted.
            keyed advertisement (a) one that is planned to
            give the advertiser a means of measuring the
            relative effectiveness of different newspapers
            or magazines for advertising. The public are
            asked in the advertisement to send a coupon,
            or to write a letter to a coded address, such as
            ee AB’, using different letters for
            shane “6 ne or newspaper. (b) one that is
            y two advertisers whose products have

            advertising - '9

            some common demand e some other connec-
            . ‘scuits and cheese.
            anal ne ctasiiel (collog. small ad.) a small
            classified advertisement,
            advertisement hoarding ADvTG. a large fram-
            ed surface usu. of wood, on to which advertis-
            ing posters are stuck. Syn. (U.S.A.) billboard.
            advertisement rates ADVTG. a scale of prices
            charged by a newspaper, magazine OF other
            advertising medium for including advertise-
            ments. }
            advertiser ADVTG. one who advertises, the par-
            ticular person or organization who causes an
            advertisement to be put out to the public. The
            title of some newspapers which are specially
            intended to publish advertisements.
            advertising (1) ADVTG. making 4 product oF
            service known to the public, esp. in order to
            sell it, by using the various media, or means of
            spreading information, including newspaper»,
            magazines, radio, television, street signs,
            hoardings, direct mail, etc. Syn. publicity.
            comparative advertising see knocking Copy.
            co-operative advertising the sharing of the cost
            of advertising a product by the producer or
            distributor and the wholesaler or retailer.
            direct mail advertising by letter addressed to
            possible buyers.
            informative advertising to ‘educate’ the con-
            sumer by telling or reminding him that the
            particular goods or services exist, and to
            increase the total size of the market. Cf. prod-
            uct advertising.
            institutional advertising any form of advertising
            that aims to make the name of a company or
            other organization better known and its image
            pare highly respected. Cf. product advertising
            ow.
            local advertising that which is directed at a
            particular area or place and is usu. paid for by
            local businesses. Cf. national advertising below.
            mass advertising by radio, television, outdoor
            hoardings, posters and signs.
            national advertising advertising a product all
            over the country. Cf. local advertising above.
            persuasive or combative or competitive or con-
            structive advertising to persuade consumers to
            buy the product or service of the advertiser
            —— than that of any other.
            rae a sho : z ree
            be bought on the ‘dios 7 waere the artialeahn
            product advertising advertising by different pro-
            ducers of a group of similar products. each
            producer competing to increase his share of
            the total market. Cf. informative advertising
            Syn. competitive advertising. ss
            publication advertising in magazines, news-
            papers and journals for specialists. tas
            subliminal advertising see separate entry.
            (2) BOON. a selling cost which has to be borne

            «
            t
            oil
            c
            :


                evince -p 26 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &




            16 - advertising agency

            in order to support sales, esp. under imperfec
            tition. ;

            pasaeialeiy agency ADVTG. a business whicl
            provides a skilled service to commercial anc
            ‘ dustrial concerns and other organizations by
            advising on the best way of advertising thet
            products and services, and generally managin{
            their advertising activities.

            advertising agent ADVTG. a person who own
            or runs an advertising agency.

            advertising appropriation ADVTG. a sum 0
            money set aside as an allowance to be spen
            on advertising during a budget period.

            advertising budget ADVTG. a plan for the con
            trolled spending of money on advertising dur
            ing a given period.

            advertising campaign ADvTG. a planned se
            of advertising operations spread over a givel
            length of time and over a fixed range of media
            with the object of having the strongest possibl
            influence on the minds of consumers. Syr
            advertising drive; sales drive.

            advertising drive see advertising campaign.

            advertising or advertisement manage
            ADVTG. a person employed by a business con
            cern to control and direct the work of advertis
            ing the products or services made or performe
            by the business. Abbr. ad. man.

            advertising media ADVTG. the various mean
            used by advertisers to tell the public abou
            their products or services. The mass medi
            include the press, radio and television; and th
            lesser media include direct mailing (of letter
            and circulars), street signs and hoarding:
            posters, etc. See admass.

            advertising research see under research.

            Advertising Standards Authority ADvTc
            set up in Britain in 1962 to promote and enforc
            high standards of truth in advertising. Abbi
            A.S.A.

            advice (1) MAN. opinion, esp. from an informe
            person, on how one should act: We must tak
            expert advice. To seek legal advice. To act on
            consultant’s advice. Syn counsel. (2) COM. a fo
            mal notice of a business transaction, e.g. a
            advice note. See railway advice. Abbr. Adv
            adv.
            advices p/. formal messages, usu. from abroa
            and particularly from an agent to his principa
            giving up-to-date information on trading cor
            ditions.

            advice, letter of see letter of advice.

            advice note (1) BKG. a written notice from
            banker informing a customer of sums credite
            to his account. (2) CoM. a written notice fro
            the sender of goods, giving the person who -
            to receive them details of the quantity an
            description of the goods and of when, and b
            what means of carriage they have been sent of
            Sometimes shortened to an advice. Cf. deliver
            note. Syn. letter of advice. (3) Com. a


            ve SSCS

            — ©. &

            pM OS LH

            acknowledgment of receipt or arrival of money
            or goods. (4) TRANSPT. a notice from a rail or
            road carrier telling a consignee that his goods
            have arrived and are waiting to be collected.
            advice of delivery COM. a notice sent by the
            Post Office telling the sender of a recorded-
            delivery letter or packet that it has been duly
            delivered. Cf. delivery note. |

            advice of dispatch Com. in foreign trade, a
            letter, often a printed form, sent by the exporter
            advising (telling, informing) the buyer that
            goods ordered have been sent off.

            advices see under advice.

            Advisory, Conciliation and Arbitration
            Service (ACAS) IND. REL. a public body set
            up by Parliament to encourage the improve-
            ment of industrial relations in Britain and par-
            ticularly the introduction of better systems of
            collective bargaining, and to work with unions
            and employers to settle disputes. —

            advisory service (1) COM. & IND. in a business
            concern, a department having special technical
            knowledge and able to give advice to customers
            on how best to use the products or services of
            the business. (2) STK. EXCH. a service offered
            by stockbrokers: the client is given investment
            advice but the broker will not deal without
            prior instructions. Cf. dealing-only service; dis-
            cretionary service.

            advocate LAW a lawyer, esp. in Scotland, who
            is qualified to help persons to put their case in
            a court of law. In England, called a barrister
            or solicitor, though both are called advocates
            when appearing in court. Syn. pleader.

            advt. advertisement.

            AE suHiPG. in Lloyd’s classification, a ship of
            not very good class. See Lloyd’s Register of
            Shipping.

            A.E.A. Atomic Energy Authority.

            aerial survey see under survey.

            aerogram a message sent by radio; a telegram
            sent part of the way by telegraph and part by
            aeroplane. Cf. aerogramme.

            aerogramme a special folded form for sending
            messages by airmail at a cheap rate of postage.
            Syn. air letter; airmail letter. Cf. aerogram.

            a.f. advance(d) freight.

            A.F.B.D. Association of Futures Brokers and
            Dealers.

            aff. affiliated.

            affairs n. pl. business matters in general, but usu.
            of some importance: The affairs of a company. A
            difficult state of affairs.
            man of affairs a person trained in business, esp.
            in the management of finances.
            statement of affairs see separate entry.

            affidavit Law (Latin, he pledged his faith) a
            solemn declaration in writing, signed and
            sworn or affirmed by the person making it, and
            intended to be produced as evidence in a court
            of law. Abbr. afft.



                evince -p 27 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            affil. affiliated.
            affiliate v. to enter into close relations; to
            become closely connected, esp. the relationship
            of one organization to a larger unit of organiza-
            tion, ¢.g. of a particular firm to an employers’
            association, or a trade union to the T.U.C.
            Abbr. aff.; affil. (affiliated).
            4. a person or organization who is affiliated,
            ie. closely connected with a group of such
            rsons or organizations.
            affiliate or affiliated company Com. a com-
            pany which is partly or wholly owned by
            another company is said to be an affiliate of
            the owning or holding company and of all
            other companies in the group. Cf. associate(d)
            company; subsidiary company. Syn. related
            company.
            affiliated societies IND. REL. friendly societies
            which join together to form federations so
            that all their members may help each other in
            providing some form of insurance payments in
            sickness and old age.
            affiliated trade unions IND. REL. trade unions
            which have a special relationship to a larger
            unit of organization such as the Trades Union
            Congress or the Federation of Trade Unions.
            affiliation Com. the state of being affiliated, or
            closely connected; thus a parent company and
            its subsidiary are said to be in affiliation with
            each other, or (more simply) affiliated. Syn.
            association ; alliance.
            affirmation LAW a solemn declaration allowing
            a person to speak as a witness in court, or to
            sign certain documents such as an affidavit,
            without taking an oath (without swearing in
            the name of God).
            affluence wealth; a state of being rich.
            Affluent Society, The ECON. THEORY the title
            of a book by Prof. J.K. Galbraith, being a
            study of the economic and social conditions in
            the U.S.A. and many other countries during
            the 1960s. The expression ‘affluent society’
            refers to the high standard of living of the
            peoples of wealthy countries and the new eco-
            nomic problems this brings.
            affreight sHIPG. to hire a ship to carry freight
            (goods as cargo). Pron. afrayt.
            affreightment sHiPG. (1) the hiring of a cargo
            ship (a freighter). (2) a document, in the form
            either of a charter-party or a bill of lading,
            under which a shipowner agrees to carry goods
            by sea from one port to another for a stated
            price called freight. Syn. contract of affreight-
            ment; freighting.
            afft. affidavit.
            A.F.L.-C.1.0. American Federation of Labor
            and Congress of Industrial Organizations.
            atloat (1) com. (of a business) free of debt; able
            'o finance its trading activities. (2) COMMOD.
            EXCH. a market price for goods still afloat, i.e.
            °n a ship at sea. Cf. spot; futures.

            age allowance - 17

            aforesaid that which has already been men-
            tioned earlier in the document. Abbr. afsd.

            A.F.R. accident frequency rate.

            AFRASEC Afro-Asian Organization for Eco-
            nomic Co-operation.

            African, Caribbean and Pacific (countries)
            see Lomé Convention. Abbr. A.C.P.

            afsd. aforesaid.

            aft. after.

            after date BKG. & FIN. words appearing on a
            bill of exchange or a promissory note, e.g. three
            months after date pay..., meaning that the
            length of time for which the bill or note is
            drawn must be calculated from the date on the
            document itself. Cf. after sight; on demand.
            Syn. from date. Abbr. A/D; a.d.

            after-hours dealings sTK. EXCH. deals made
            between members after the official close of the
            Stock Exchange at 15.30 hrs. (in London). Syn.
            street dealings; early bargains.
            after-hours price the price of a security in which
            after-hours dealings took place. Syn. street
            price; price after hours; price in the street.

            after-market STK. EXCH. dealings in a recently-
            issued security during the time following its
            first appearance when its market price finds its
            own level according to supply and demand.

            after-sales service CoM. a service provided by
            the producer (or his agent) of a machine to
            keep that machine in good working order after
            it has been sold. Such service arrangements
            may include making regular checks, carrying
            out repairs, cleaning and greasing and keeping
            stocks of spare parts. Such service may be
            supplied under an agreement, called a service
            agreement or maintenance agreement, for which
            the customer usu. makes an annual payment.

            after sight BKG. & FIN. words appearing on a
            bill of exchange or promissory note meaning
            that it is payable at a certain fixed time usu.
            30, 60 or 90 days after the date on which it is
            accepted and dated by the drawee. Cf. after
            date; on demand. Abbr. A.S.; A/S.; a/s.

            after-tax profit see under profit.

            aft or after hatch see hatch (2).

            A.-G. Aktiengesellschaft.

            ag. agent; agreement; agriculture.

            against FIN. unfavourable: The rate of exchange
            was against them. Abbr. agt.

            against all risks MAR. INSCE. words appearing
            in a marine insurance policy, meaning that
            the goods are insured against all generally-
            accepted risks. Abbr. A.A.R.

            agcy. agency.

            agd. agreed.

            age admitted INSCE. words written by the
            insurer on a life assurance policy, meaning that
            the insurer has seen satisfactory proof of the
            age of the insured person. —

            age allowance TAXN. a special amount of tax-
            free income allowed at present in Britain to



                evince -p 28 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &


            18 - age discrimination

            persons over 65 years of age, in addition to t
            normal allowances. ngs
            age discrimination IND. REL. & MAN. discrir
            nation against somebody on the grounds
            their age, e.g. in recruitment, not consideri
            candidates over 50 years of age. This pract
            is now illegal in many industrialized nation
            age limit MAN. the age at which an employ
            normally retires, at present 65 years for a m
            in Britain, and 60 years for a woman: Mr
            retires on I June on reaching the age limit.
            agency (1) CoM. the work of an agent: t
            business run by an agent. Abbr. agcy.; agy. |
            LAW the relationship brought about by o
            person (the principal) appointing another p
            son (the agent) to act for him, e.g. to sell t
            principal’s goods.
            exclusive agency see sole agency below.
            implied agency one which is accepted as
            matter of course although not written, e.g. t
            power of a wife as her husband’s agent
            buying things in his name that are necessa
            for their household. See agent.
            sole agency the business of an agent who
            the only agent appointed in his area by |
            principal. Syn. exclusive agency.
            | agency bill BKG. a bill of exchange accepted
            the London branch of a foreign bank.
            : agenda Com. a list of matters to be consider
            or decided at a meeting; the agenda is u:
            | sent out with the notice calling the meeti
            and forms the programme for dealing with t
            business at the meeting. Syn. agenda paper.
            agent CoM. a person or organization possessi
            | power to act for another (the principal)
            | making business arrangements with third ps
            | ties and in buying and selling goods. An age
            is said to represent his principal and m
            always perform his duties in the principa
            interest and with care and skill; and he mt
            give his principal a financial account wh
            called upon. Abbr. ag.; agt.
            general agent one who has been given all t
            powers of his principal. Syn. free agent.
            special agent one holding only limited powe
            from his principal. See the following particul
            classes of agent: auctioneer; banker; broke
            buying agent; commission agent; del crede
            agent; estate agent; export agent; factc
            insurance agent; sole agent.
            agent bank BKG. the bank appointed by t
            members of a syndicated loan to be responsit
            for the administration of the loan.
            agent de change STK. EXCH. an officer of t
            Paris Bourse (Stock Exchange), who perfort
            the same duties as a stockbroker in Britai
            Pron. ahzhonh de shonhzh. Cf. bureau |
            change.
            agent of necessity Com. & LAW an agent wh
            without having any formal right, acts in t
            interest of another person only in conditio




            Ea

            he of extreme urgency which make it essential to
            act immediately, there being no time to refer

            ni- to the principal, e.g. when the master of a Ship
            of may have to throw part of the cargo Overboard
            ng in order to save the rest. In such cases the
            ice principal is bound to accept and approve any
            5. agreement or decision made by the agent jp
            ee the principal’s interest.
            an agents of production see factors of prod-
            X uction.

            age profile IND. a grouping of a number of
            he employees into various age ranges. It is used
            3) in manpower planning, often to compare a
            ne workforce to the standard for the industry.
            er- aggregate analysis ECON. THEORY a branch of
            he economic theory that studies the working of

            the economy as a whole, enquires what decides
            the total output of goods and services, the total

            a use of resources, and what causes these totals
            he to rise and fall. Aggregate analysis deals only
            in with conditions in a complete economy. Cf.
            ry partial analysis. Syn. macro-economics; gen-

            eral equilibrium analysis.
            is aggregate demand ECON. THEORY the total

            11S demand for goods and services resulting from
            adding together all the spending-power of peo-
            by ple in the complete economy of a country. The
            total level of economic activity is influenced
            ed by changes in aggregate demand. See aggregate
            su. analysis; aggregate demand & supply curves.
            ng aggregate demand & supply curves ECON.
            he THEORY in Keynes’s General Theory, an aggre-
            gate demand curve shows, for various levels of
            ng employment, what will be the total (or aggre-
            in gate) demand for the goods produced by all
            ir- people employed. In the same way, an aggre-
            nt gate supply curve shows what all the mass of
            ist producers must expect to receive from the sale
            l’s of the total (or aggregate) supply produced by
            ist the same number of people employed. Thus
            en for each possible level of employment there is

            an aggregate demand price and an aggregate
            he supply price.

            aggregated rebates com. several rebates

            rs added together, esp. when given by a supplier
            ar to a shopkeeper under a condition that the
            rr; shopkeeper is compelled to sell only the prod-
            re ucts of the supplier, thus making sure of his
            Ir ; custom as a sales outlet. Syn. deferred rebates.
            aggregate planning IND. a production plan
            he within an organization, which begins with sales
            dle forecasts and then calculates capacity needed
            and output levels at the level of individual

            he production units.

            ns aggregates, monetary see money supply.

            n. aggregate supply see under supply.

            de aggregate supply price ECON. THEORY the
            total cost of producing the entire output made

            0, by a given number of workers employed in

            he the whole economy. See aggregate demand &

            ns supply curves.


                evince -p 29 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            .

            aggregation FIN. & STK. EXCH. the process of
            buying things, €.g. securities, to add to one’s
            existing stock of such things, ¢€.g. a portfolio
            of investments. V. aggregate. — :

            aggressive adj. (1) COM. daring, attacking,

            showing strength: An aggressive sales policy. (2)
            STK. EXCH. Aggressive portfolio, a collection of
            shares chosen and held in the expectation of a
            future increase in capital value rather than for
            the income they will bring in.

            agio (1) ECON. (a) the amount by which the value
            of one metallic currency is greater than that of
            another, e.g. of a worn or debased currency.
            (b) sometimes, the difference in value between
            the metallic and the paper currency of a coun-
            try. (2) BKG. the discount on a foreign bill of
            exchange. (3) FIN. a charge, usu. expressed as
            a percentage, made by a dealer in foreign
            currency for changing one currency into
            another, 1.e. the difference between the dealer’s
            buying and selling prices. Pron. ajioh. Cf. disa-
            gi0.

            agiotage FIN. the business of taking the risk in
            buying and holding foreign currencies or stock-
            exchange securities in the expectation of mak-
            ing a gain when selling them later. Syn. money
            changing; stockjobbing; speculation.

            Agio Theory of Interest see Abstinence The-
            ory.

            A.G.M. annual general meeting.

            agr., agric. agriculture; agricultural.

            Agrarian Revolution, The ECON. HIST. the
            name given to the great and far-reaching
            changes in farming methods in England in the
            second half of the eighteenth century.

            agree v. (1) ACCTs. to make agree, to bring into
            accord: To agree the books. To agree an account.
            (2) to approve (of): J have agreed your expense
            account. The manager agreed a list of assets. (3)
            to be in accord; to have the same meaning:
            The books now agree. Syn. to correspond. (4)
            BKG. Words and figures do not agree, a reason
            given by a bank for not paying a cheque,
            meaning that the amount stated in words on
            the cheque is not the same as the amount
            written in figures. The cheque is therefore
            referred back to the drawer. See refer to
            drawer. (5) to have the same idea(s); to hold
            the same opinion: The members agreed that
            more capital was needed. The engineers agree
            about the repair of the machine. (with on) To
            agree on a price. (6) to accept; to be willing to
            do: (with to) We agree to your plan.

            agreed coM. approved by all the parties: An
            agreed price/payment/rate/sum, etc. Abbr. agd.

            agreed-value insurance see under insurance,
            classes and kinds of.

            agreement (1) an agreeing, a state of accord,
            as when two or more persons are of the same
            opinion, or when two or more things have the
            same meaning: The parties are in agreement.

            agriculture - 19

            Your books are in agreement with ours. The words
            and figures on a cheque must be in agreement.
            See gentleman’s agreement (2) LAW a spoken
            or written declaration by two or more persons
            or organizations (called the parties) who, hav-
            ing a common intention known to both or all
            of them, agree that each shall perform certain
            stated duties in the interests of both or all.
            Abbr. ag.; agt.

            agreement to sell see contract to sell.

            agricultural area AGR. (of a country) the total
            extent of land fit for ploughing, land under tree
            crops, and grassland.

            agricultural bank AGR. & BKG. 4 bank set up
            specially to help in developing agriculture by
            making loans to farmers for longer periods than
            a commercial bank will do. See Agricultural
            Mortgage Corporation Ltd. Syn. land bank.

            agricultural co-operative AGR. a producers
            co-operative having as its main object the sale,
            through a single organization, of the produce
            of many small farmers; its members help to
            manage it and take a share in its profits.

            agricultural economics AGR. & ECON. the
            branch of economics which deals with the
            production and distribution of goods grown on
            the land.

            Agricultural Loans Fund AGR. & FIN. an
            amount of public money set apart by the
            government in Britain and controlled by the
            Ministry of Agriculture, for the purpose of
            making loans for improving farm land, but not
            for buying land.

            Agricultural Marketing Board aGr. a public
            organization set up by the government in Brit-
            ain to strengthen the weak bargaining-power of
            a large number of small farmers of a particular
            product, e.g. Milk Marketing Board.

            Agricultural Mortgage Corporation Ltd.
            (A.M.C.) AGR. & FIN. a government-backed
            organization in England and Wales which
            makes long-term loans to farmers against mort-
            gages on their property and is the farmer’s
            main source of mortgage finance. In Scotland,
            the service is provided by the Scottish Agricul-
            tural Securities Corporation Ltd.

            agricultural show aGr. a public show of agri-
            cultural products and skills.

            agricultural unit of account see green cur-
            rencies. Abbr. A.U.A.

            Agricultural Wages Board ack. in Britain, a
            public organization set up by the government
            to look after the interests of farm workers
            by fixing minimum wage-rates and controlling
            conditions of work.

            agriculture AGr. the skilled work of cultivating
            the soil for crops, bringing up animals, planting
            trees, managing forests, and fishing. Syn. farm-
            ing; husbandry. See also extensive agriculture;
            intensive agriculture.



                evince -p 30 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            ——™~—S—aetltltlttt”
            20 - agro-industry

            agro-industry AGR._ = aac ae
            industry based on agricultural produ i”
            ricultural economy; the the
            agronomy AGR. 2g d animal farming
            ory and practice of ee =
            nt.
            es aon aid of a ship that has run on
            pl the shore in shallow water and 1s te
            the bottom but with part or all of her hu
            above the water. Syn. stranded.
            Agt., agt. agent, pane! agreement.
            _w. actual gross weignt.
            A.G.W.L. aah, INSCE. Atlantic, Gulf, West
            Indies.
            agy. agency.
            AH < A /H ; MAR. INSCE. Antwerp-Hamburg coas-
            tal ports.
            a.h. sHrpG. aft hatch or after hatch.
            A.H.C. Accepting Houses Committee.
            ahead (1) sHIPG. in a forward direction: Full
            speed ahead. (2) STK. EXCH. at higher prices:
            Shares moved ahead, were in demand and at
            higher prices.
            A.1.C.P.A. American Institute of Certified Pub-
            lic Accountants. See certified accountant.
            aid (1) ECON. & FIN. help, esp. to a person,
            organization or country in difficulty: Financial
            aid in the form of a subsidy. Foreign or overseas
            aid to developing countries. The Marshall Aid
            Programme. See also foreign aid.
            first aid IND. SFTY. immediate treatment given
            to an injured person with the aim of relieving
            pain and preventing his condition from getting
            worse before a doctor can attend to him.
            (2) CoM. something which helps, e.g. a tool, an
            instrument, a machine: Household aids ; kitchen
            aids ; gardening aids ; office aids.
            aids to trade com. the activities of commerce
            which help to make its main activity, trade,
            both possible and profitable, esp. advertising,
            banking, insurance and transport. Syn. ancil-
            laries to trade. See trade.
            airborne (1) TRANSPT. in the air; flying: The
            plane is airborne, has left the ground and is
            actually flying. (2) COM. & IND. carried by
            air: An airborne showroom | exhibition | test-
            bench/laboratory. Abbr. a/b.
            air broker see under broker.
            air-bus see under aircraft.
            air Cargo see under air freight.
            ate TRANSPT. aeroplanes and airships gener-
            y.
            air-bus a very large airliner intended to Carry
            passengers economically for short distances.
            Syn. (U.S.A.) air coach.
            = ae (U.S.A.) an air-bus.
            ter a plane used for carryi
            (air freight). : aperture
            td sometime
            run by an airline. a

            (U.S.A.) an aeroplane.


            airship an aircraft that is lighter than air and
            driven by engines.
            air-taxi a small plane, which may be hired like
            a taxi for short distances.
            airworthy (of an aircraft) in good order and
            safe for flying. .

            aircrew TRANSPT. generally, specially-qualified
            persons employed in the work of flying and
            managing an aircraft. | |
            air or flight engineer one specially qualified to
            manage the engines of an aircraft and to con-
            trol the supply of fuel to them during flight.
            air hostess a woman employed on an airliner
            to look after the needs of passengers. Cf. stew-
            ardess.
            air navigator a person skilled in finding, check-
            ing and recording the position and course of
            an aircraft, for guiding the pilot regarding the
            correct course to steer, and for working the
            radio.
            air pilot or airline pilot a person highly qualified
            to direct the flying of an aircraft by handling
            the controls and acting as leader of the aircrew.
            air steward a man employed on an airliner to
            look after the needs of passengers. Cf. air
            hostess.

            air cushion vehicle TRANSPT. (U.S.A., Can-
            ada) a hovercraft. Abbr. A.C.V. Syn. cushion-
            craft.

            airdrome (U.S.A.) aerodrome. See under air-
            port.

            air engineer see under aircrew.

            air freight TRANSPT. (1) goods carried by air. (2)
            a goods-carrying service run by commercial air
            carriers. See air cargo below.
            air cargo goods carried by air either on sched-
            uled or charter services, sometimes in the same
            plane as passengers (called all-traffic services),
            or in freight planes (known as all-freight ser-
            vices).
            air consignment note or air way-bill a particular
            kind of consignment note or way-bill for use
            with air freight specially intended to reduce
            delays in delivering the goods to the consignee.

            air freighter see under aircraft.

            air hostess see under aircrew.

            air letter see aerogramme.

            airline TRANSPT. a regular commercial service
            for carrying passengers and goods by air. A
            company running such services.
            air bridge a regular public air service between
            two places.
            air lane or airway the way or route which
            aircraft take when flying from one place to
            another, esp. routes or ‘corridors’ laid down by
            governments either in the interests of safety or
            for political reasons.
            air service a system that meets public needs by
            providing regular journeys by aircraft, between

            places along a given route, to carry passengers
            and goods.


                evince -p 31 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            gir shuttle a regular and frequent service of
            passenger-carrying planes which travel back
            and forth between large towns usu. a short

            distance apart. — )
            gir ticket a special form of passenger ticket

            used by airlines and giving more detail, e.g.
            concerning stops on the route, calculation of
            the fare charged, weight of baggage, etc., than
            ‘s included on a road or rail ticket.
            airway see air lane above. |
            airways pi. an airline company running a num-
            ber of air services: British Airways.

            airliner see under aircraft.

            airmail TRANSPT. letters, postal packets and par-
            cels carried by air at higher postage rates than
            for surface mail. A/so air mail. Abbr. A.M.
            first-class airmail the fastest service, bearing
            the highest rate of postage, is mainly intended
            for letters.
            second-class airmail being a little slower but
            charged at a reduced rate, is intended mainly
            for business and printed papers (with which
            letters must not be included).
            airmail letter see aerogramme.
            airmail packets or small air packets (usu. up to
            | kg) bear a special rate of postage, may not
            contain letters, and must not be sealed.
            air parcels (usu. over | kg and up to 10 kg)
            intended for any articles or goods too heavy
            for the air-packet service.
            all-up airmail a special postal service from
            Britain to most countries in Europe which
            carries all first-class mail by air.

            airmail transfer see bank transfer. Abbr. a.m.t.

            airplane (U.S.A.) an aeroplane.

            airport TRANSPT. a large flat field provided with
            several hard strips (or runways) where large
            commercial aircraft can safely land, where
            proper arrangements exist for loading and un-
            loading passengers and cargo, refilling with
            fuel and oil, and for repairs. Syn. aerodrome;
            airdrome.
            international airport an airport specially
            intended to handle commercial air services to
            and from other countries, being able to handle
            the largest aircraft and providing customs and
            passenger-hotel arrangements.
            airdrome (U.S.A.) an airport which may be
            used by both commercial planes and those of
            the armed forces.
            airfield (a) a flat field with a hard strip (or
            runway) but without most of the arrangements
            found on an airport. (5) strictly, a word mean-
            ing that part of an airport actually used by
            aircraft for landing and taking off.
            alr station see air terminal below.
            air terminal or air station a special airline office
            building in the centre of a town where air
            ae ee and freight beginning their journey

            ected and taken by road to the airport;

            allocation - 217

            and to which air passengers and freight ending
            their journey are brought.

            airship see under aircraft.

            air survey see aerial survey under survey.

            air-taxi see under aircraft.

            airworthy see under aircraft.

            Aktb. Aktiebolaget.

            Aktiebolaget (Swedish) joint-stock company.
            Abbr. A/B; Aktb.
            Aktiengeselischaft (German) a joint-stock
            company in Austria, W. Germany and Switzer-

            land. Abbr. A.-G.

            a.|. aprés livraison.

            AL, Ala. Alabama, U.S.A.

            Alas. Alaska, U.S.A.

            aleatory INSCE. depending on chance: An
            aleatory contract, a contract of insurance that
            covers the insured against loss arising from a
            chance event. Pron. aliayteri. Cf. wagering
            contract under contract.

            ALGOL comp. algorithmic language, a com-
            puter programming language using algebraic
            characters for making highly complicated
            calculations. Cf. APL; BASIC; COBOL;
            FORTRAN; PASCAL; PL/1.

            algorithm comp. a number of rules applied in
            a strict order to a given set of numbers to solve
            certain kinds of mathematical problems. See
            ALGOL.

            ‘A’ licence TRANSPT. formal permission given
            under the Road Traffic Act 1960 in Britain to
            a road transport company to operate as general
            Carriers, i.e. carrying the goods of other parties.
            A ‘B’ licence is for those carriers who combine
            carrying their own goods with those of others.
            A ‘C’ licence is for those carrying only their
            own goods.

            alien foreign: An alien, a foreigner.

            alimony FIN. money ordered by a court of law
            to be paid regularly by a man to his wife while
            an action for divorce or judicial separation is
            pending (not yet settled). After the case has
            been decided by a decree or divorce, the pay-
            ment is called permanent maintenance. Syn.
            (U.S.A.) maintenance.

            alliance a union between two or more persons
            or groups of persons, and esp. an agreement
            between two or more countries to support each
            other.

            all-in rate see exchange rate.

            all-loss insurance (U.S.A.) all-risk insurance.

            all-moneys debenture see under debenture.

            allocation FIN. & ACcTs. (1) the setting aside of
            money for a particular purpose; the sum of
            money so set aside: An advertising allocation,
            the amount of money set aside for advertising
            expenses for a given period. (2) the dividing-
            up of total cost into the separate kinds of costs
            of which it is made up, and then the charging
            of these separate costs (called allocated costs)
            to particular accounts: The total cost of the


                evince -p 32 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            22 - allonge

            n to be: materials

            tio
            project was found on alloca eens total

            £255, labour £570, machine-
            se THEORY the choos-
            allocation of resources ECON. See ea

            use to
            ing of the particular | mee
            aaauiee (means of production) is p g

            or
            whether to use water for electric power OF f

            cate of ae re . - a or
            deciding who shall do eac
            oa then giving each employee a clear

            knowledge of what he or she 1s responsible for
            silooae BKG. & COM. a slip of paper fastened .
            and forming part of a bill of exchange =
            provide space for more endorsements to be
            added when there is no more room on the bill
            itself. Syn. rider.
            allot to divide something up and share it out,
            giving a part to each of a number of persons
            or things: Each man was allotted a piece of
            work to do. I have been allotted some money for
            research.
            allotment (1) STK. EXCH. allotting: Allotment of
            shares, the allotting of a new issue of shares in
            a company to persons or organizations who
            have applied for them. A number of shares so
            allotted. (2) aGR. (a) the allotting, usu. by a
            local government organization, of a small piece
            of publicly-owned or leased land to a person
            living locally for the special purpose of growing
            food for himself and his family. (6) a piece of
            land so allotted.
            allotment letter a letter from a company to a
            person who has applied for shares being newly-
            issued, telling him the number of shares that
            he has been allotted. This letter is later exchan-
            ged for a share certificate. Syn. letter of allot-
            ment; share allotment form.
            allotment money money due from a person
            _ Of organization who has been allotted newly-
            issued shares in a company, and payable on
            allotment, i.e. before the shares can actually
            be made over. Cf. application money.
            allotment note SHIPG. a document signed by a
            seaman arranging for his employers to send
            part or all of his pay direct to a named person,
            usu. his wife or other member of his family or
            to his bank.
            allottee sTK. EXCH. a person to whom an allot-
            ment has been made of newly-issued shares in
            a company.
            _ vee sis i To allow a debtor more time to
            ows in terest on deposit accounts.
            We allow a discount of 24% for payment
            delivery. (2) to permit: Smo le ; y on
            & is not allowed

            in the factory. The com |
            pany allows
            of a car. (3) INSCR. to acc : oe

            ord as due: insur
            have allowed your claj ee
            mspector will not allow

            m. (4) TAXN. The tax-
            this expense, will not let

            it be used in a of gross income when
            ing taxable income.

            he “d) that can be allowed; permitted
            by law; not forbidden. (2) TAXN. of an expense,
            one which the taxpayer may take off his gross
            income when calculating his taxable income:
            An expense which is allowable for tax purposes.

            allowance (1) money given to a person regularly
            or from time to time for a special purpose: A
            company may give a saleswoman a dress allow-
            ance each month, (2) MAN. money paid to an
            employee for business expenses, such as for
            travel, entertainment, motor-car mileage, and
            subsistence. (3) COM. an amount or percentage
            given In order to reduce a payment, usu. for
            some special reason, ©.8- for goods of substan-
            dard quality, for goods damaged oF delayed
            while being carried. (4) money given in the
            form of an increased discount by a producer
            or wholesaler to a retailer who makes a special
            effort to sell the product. (5) TAXN. a stated
            amount of income allowed free of tax to a tax-
            payer in certain conditions. It may include: a
            personal allowance, a wife’s earned-income
            allowance; and allowances for each child, a
            housekeeper, a dependent relative, a daugh-
            ter’s services, a blind person and an aged per-
            son. Certain expenses are also allowed to be
            deducted from gross income when calculating
            taxable income. (6) TOUR. & TRANSPT. see free
            allowance.

            allowed time IND. & MAN. paid time allowed to
            a factory worker for certain necessary pur-
            poses, e.g. for rest, meals, care of tools and
            machines, during which time the worker is not
            actually producing any goods.

            alloy (1) any mixture of metals. (2) PUB. FIN. in
            coinage, esp. a mixture of metals of high value
            with metals of lower value to make coins which
            are cheap to produce, yet are long-lasting and
            of good appearance. See cupro-nickel.

            all-risk(s) policy see under insurance policy.

            all risks whatsoever MAR. INSCE. words in a
            marine insurance policy which give even wider
            cover than the usual all-risks policy by not
            including any exceptions. Cf. _ all-risk
            insurance.

            all-round price Com. an inclusive price; a spe-
            cial price which includes all charges usu. added
            as extras.

            all-terrain vehicle TRANsPT. a car or truck
            made specially strong and powerful to travel
            Over rough ground. Abbr. A.T.V.

            almighty dollar, the the power of wealth; the
            idea that money is the basis of all power.
            (Wor ds of Washington Irving, American essay-
            ist, in the remark ‘The almighty dollar, that
            fe of universal devotion throughout

            almoner a person charged with the duty of
            Biving out money or gifts to the poor.



                evince -p 33 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            ll

            money given to the poor.
            Ea LAW ‘ anit which provides for gifts
            2 poor.
            outa a house or group of houses where
            old and needy people are given lodging either
            free or at a very low rent. | | |
            alongside spc. (1) (of a ship) tied up beside
            a quay or berth. (2) (of a barge, lighter, etc.)
            floating or tied up beside the ship: To come
            alongside ; to lie alongside. See free alongside
            ship/steamer. Abbr. A.S.; A/S; a/s.
            alphabetical filing see under filing system.
            alpha factor STK. EXCH. a measure of the future
            performance of a security based on its own
            ability to increase its earnings per share, quite
            apart from the effect of general market con-
            ditions. The factor 1s expressed as a number,
            e.g. 1.20, which (in this example) shows that
            the company is likely to increase its earnings
            per share by 20% each year. Syn. alpha
            coefficient. Cf. beta factor.
            alphanumeric comp. (of a computer) having
            both alphabetic and numeric characters, 1.e.
            both letters and numbers, in its coding system,
            which may also include some other signs.
            alpha stocks see blue chip.
            alt. alternate; alternative; altitude.
            Alta. Alberta, Canada.
            alternate demand ECON. THEORY (1) the
            demand for two or more products which are
            substitutes for each other, 1.e. can replace each
            other, e.g. tea, coffee and cocoa as drinks. (2)
            the demand for factors of production which
            are interchangeable, 1.e. which can be used in
            place of each other, e.g. coal, oil and natural
            gas for heating. Syn. composite demand; com-
            peting demand; rival demand.
            alternate director COM. a person given power
            to act in the place of a named director of a
            company, but only in his absence. Syn. an
            alternate.
            alternative (use) cost see opportunity cost
            under cost.
            a l’usine (French) see ex works.
            always afloat SHIPG. words expressing a con-
            dition in a charter-party that the charterer of
            the ship will make sure that there will always
            be not less than a stated depth of water under
            the ship so that she is ‘always afloat’ in order
            : to protect her hull. Abbr. a.a.
            _ Am. America(n).
            _ A.M. Assurance Mutuelle; airmail; assistant
            manager; associate member.
            a.m. (Latin: ante meridiem) before noon.
            a/m above-mentioned.
            amalgamation (1) CoM. & FIN. the joining to-
            gether of two or more businesses into one organi-
            zation in order to improve their profit-making
            performance by, €.g. saving in management
            and administration costs, getting rid of compe-
            ‘ition, improving efficiency in production by

            . oS te is

            |
            :

            amendment - 23

            obtaining the advantages of large-scale pro-
            duction, or widening the range of products.
            Syn. merger; combination ; consolidation, inte-
            gration; reconstruction, reorganization. See
            also absorption.
            conglomerate amalgamation the combining of
            companies in different industries, e.g. a paper-
            maker and a mining company.
            horizontal or lateral amalgamation the combin-
            ing of companies within the same industry, ¢.g.
            two publishing houses. ae
            vertical amalgamation the combining of com-
            panies performing different processes in the
            production of the same article, the product of
            one process becoming a raw material of
            another, e.g. a leather manufacturer and a shoe
            factory.
            (2) IND. REL. the joining of two or more trade
            unions into one, mainly in order to increase
            the bargaining-power of the group and to save
            administration expenses: An amalgamation of
            several unions.

            amalgamator MAN. a professional person, usu.
            an accountant, specially qualified in the work
            of amalgamating companies.

            amanuensis a person employed to copy hand-
            written documents or to write down words
            dictated by another person. Formerly used to
            describe a copy-typist or a stenographer.

            amass to pile up; to collect in large quantities:
            He amassed a fortune. A miser amasses money.
            The Victorian industrialists amassed wealth.

            amateur a person who takes part in or performs
            some activity chiefly for pleasure and not to
            earn money: He has been offered large sums of
            money to play tennis professionally but has chosen
            to remain an amateur.

            ambitious (1) said of a person who eagerly
            desires to do well, to succeed in life at all costs,
            e.g. by rising to high office or by making a
            large fortune. (2) of a course of action: An
            ambitious programme of rebuilding, a pro-
            gramme which can be completed only at great
            cost in effort and money. N. ambition.

            A.M.C. Agricultural Mortgage Corporation Ltd.

            amend (1) to correct something wrong; to
            change for the better, to improve, the wording
            of a document: To amend an account. We have
            amended the faulty figures. I wish to amend my
            report. Cf. emend. (2) LAW to change for the
            better: The law has been amended.

            amendment (1) the act or result of amending.
            (2) MAN. a change (to a motion/resolution/
            proposal) put forward for consideration at a
            formal meeting, e.g. to add or take out certain
            words or to use different words: To move (or
            propose) an amendment to the motion. After
            discussion, the amendment is put to the vote
            and, if passed, causes the original motion to
            be changed accordingly before it, in turn, is
            voted on.


                evince -p 34 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            ——————_—————

            24 - amenities

            ees’ amenities. |

            countries ae
            d South Amer-

            countries, main ! gece —

            ica, whose sterling held in accoun ae

            in Britain is freely convertible into U-».

            Cf, sterling area. § Shipping (A.B.S.)

            Bureau © ng (A.
            ok MAR. INSCE. the organization in the
            US A. responsible for surveying, pla e
            and registering ships. Cf. Lloyd's Register
            ation societies.

            ipp! »e classific |
            Ne. a SCE. a clause in Cer

            American clause MAR. INSCE. a te
            tain marine insurance policies whe
            insured takes out two insurances on the same

            risk on the same property. The clause provides
            that the underwriter of the earliest-dated policy
            shall be the first to meet any loss, and that the
            insured may claim on the second underwriter
            only if the value of the loss is not fully covered
            by the first policy.

            American depository receipt BKG. & STK.
            EXCH. a document issued by an American bank
            giving the owner the right to a parcel of foreign
            stock that has been registered in the name of
            the bank. Abbr. A.d.r.

            American Federation of Labor and Con-
            gress of Industrial Organizations
            (A.F.L.-C.1.0.) the parallel organization in
            the U.S.A. to the Trades Union Congress in
            Britain.

            American Institute of Certified Public
            Accountants see certified accountant. Abbr.
            A.I1.C.P.A.

            American option see under option.

            American selling price com. the value on
            which the U.S. customs charges import duty
            on a product, this value being the price that
            would have to be paid to a manufacturer for a
            similar product made in the U.S.A., not the
            cost to the importer Abbr. A.S.P.

            American Stock Exchange sTK. ExCH. the
            next in size in the U.S.A. to the New York
            Stock Exchange, it deals particularly in stocks
            of new and smaller companies and of many
            foreign concerns. It also deals in options. It
            publishes daily quotations and is based in New
            York City. It is sometimes still called the kerb
            (or curb) exchange by which name it was known
            before 1953 when it was a street (or kerb)
            market. Also (collog.) Big Board.

            American ton see short ton under ton.

            deen
            mia ance from the bow and the

            A :

            os (1) FIN. to wipe out, to pay off a debt
            i : y over the years by setting aside money
            “" year, usu. by means of a sinking fund. (2)

            to reduce a debt b ora
            ’ y periodic pa
            both interest and Sarkals payments covering

            whole debt has been
            loan. Syn. to redeem.

            amenities see employ

            ‘can Account
            panenen inly in Central an

            amortizable adj. An amortizable loan. A loan
            | ears.
            7 search a off (reduce the value of in
            the books) an asset gradually over a period
            equal to its expected life. Syn. depreciate. (4)
            _Aw to hand over property to a Corporation or
            charity for ever. N. amortization, amortize-
            oer (1) a quantity; a sum, a total: The dam
            will cost a very large amount of money. That
            milk contains only a small amount of cream. We
            suffered damage to the amount of £1000. The
            amount of a bill. (2) ACCTS. the heading of a
            cash column; the total of an invoice, credit
            note, etc. Generally a sum of money : Amount
            brought forward/brought down! carried forward|
            carried down; amount paid on account or in
            advance. An amount entered twice. You may pay
            in one amount or by instalments. (3) FIN. in
            regard to a loan, the principal and interest
            added together. (4) BKG. the sum payable when
            a bill of exchange becomes due; the value of
            the bill. Abbr. amt. 3

            amounts differ BKG. words written or stamped
            on a cheque which has not been paid because
            the amount expressed in words and the amount
            written in figures on the cheque do not agree.
            See words and figures do not agree.

            amp. ampere. )

            ampere the unit of measurement of electric
            current in the metric system of S.I. units. Abbr.
            A.; amp. Pron. ampair.

            a.m.t. airmail transfer.

            amt. amount.

            Amtrak TRANSPT. in U.S.A., the national Rail-
            road Passenger Corporation, a government-
            financed organization that runs very necessary
            but commercially unprofitable services of pas-
            senger trains between important cities. See also
            Metroliner.

            amusement industry IND. the industry which

            includes all business concerns providing the
            public with amusement, such as theatres, cin-
            emas, sports centres, television and radio
            broadcasting companies, music recorded on
            tapes and discs, musical instruments, dance
            halls, bingo halls, amusement arcades, and the
            meee of machines and instruments for such
            rms.
            musement shares stk. EXCH. one of the head-
            Ings under which stocks and shares are classi-
            fied in the share-information lists published by
            the Stock Exchange. As a group, amusement
            Shares include those of companies in the
            emusement: industry, esp. cinemas, theatres
            and television broadcasting companies. Syn.
            entertainment shares.

            analogue (or analog) computer COMP. see

            under computer. Abbr. A.C.

            analyse or (U.S.A.) analyze (i) to examine a
            substance or thing in detail to find out its


                evince -p 35 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            qualities; to divide something up into the
            different parts or materials of which it is made.
            (2) accTs. To analyse an account, to separate
            and classify the various kinds of dealings re-
            corded in an account in order to learn in what
            ways or on what things money has been spent,
            or to study what the dealings can tell us about
            the business. (3) COM. to sort numbers and
            other pieces of business information into vari-
            ous classes or categories in order to learn in
            what ways performance can be improved: Jo
            analyse sales according to individual countries, to
            separate out from a mass of sales information
            the value of goods sold into each of a given list
            of countries.

            analysis (1) ACCTS. a statement or table setting
            out the results of analysing accounting records:
            Analysis of expenses. (2) the work of analysing
            sales accounting records: Sales analysis. (3) a
            table showing the results of this work.
            analysis book a book in which the results of
            analysing accounting information are recorded
            usu. in the form of tables made up of columns
            of figures.
            analysis column one of the divisions between
            upright ruled lines (a column) on analysis paper
            and in some analysis books making it possible
            to separate various kinds of expenses by enter-
            ing each kind in its own column.
            analysis paper paper specially divided into a
            number of spaces between upright lines (called
            columns) into which figures may be written
            one below another; any special paper used for
            analysing accounting records.
            (4) IND. & MAN. see critical path analysis; job
            analysis. (5) ECON. see indifference curve.

            analyst IND. a professional person skilled in the
            work of analysing. See public analyst; systems
            analyst.

            analytical estimate ACCTS. & IND. the probable
            cost of a particular product, process or service,
            arrived at by dividing out the total costs so
            that each activity bears its own share.

            analytical petty cash book ACCcTs. a petty
            cash book which is ruled into a number of extra
            columns to allow figures for various expenses to
            be written in different columns and totalled
            separately, thus giving an analysis of the vari-
            ous kinds of expenses.

            anch. anchored.

            anchor SHIPG. a heavy, hooked weight lowered
            on a chain to the sea-bed to stop a ship from
            moving: To cast/drop anchor, to stop the ship
            by lowering the anchor. To lie at/ride at anchor,
            to be held by the anchor from moving. To drag
            anchor, to be pulling the anchor along the sea-
            bed because the anchor will not hold, Causing
            a dangerous situation. To weigh/raise anchor, to
            pull the anchor up into the ship, ready to move
            away.

            anchorage sHIPG. a place where ships may

            an

            an

            an
            an

            an

            an
            an

            an
            an

            announcement effect - 25

            safely lie at anchor, sheltered from high winds
            and rough seas, out of the way of passing ships
            and having a firm sea-bed to hold their anchors.
            Pron. ankrij.

            chorage charges or dues SHIPG. charges
            made to owners of ships by certain port and
            harbour authorities for permission to lie at
            anchor and for the use of the services provided
            by the port. Sometimes called simply anchor-
            age.

            chorand-chalh clause MAR. INSCE. a Clause
            sometimes included in marine policies freeing
            the insurers from the cost of getting back
            anchors and chains lost in bad weather.
            cillaries to trade see aids to trade. |

            d Company or & Co. (1) COM. words forming
            part of the name of a business, e.g. Jones and
            Company (or Jones & Co.) meaning that Jones
            is not the only owner of the business, but shares
            its ownership with others. The words, without
            the addition of Ltd., or Limited, usu. refer to a
            partnership; but if followed by Lrd., or Limited,
            the business is a limited liability company. (2)
            BKG. words sometimes written on or near the
            crossing of a cheque, being the last words in
            the full business name of the collecting banker,
            although the name itself is often not stated.
            See crossed cheque under cheque.

            1dean Pact a regional trade association, form-
            ed in 1969, of five Spanish-speaking countries
            bordering on the Andes chain of mountains
            in South America. Its members are: Bolivia,
            Colombia, Ecuador, Peru and Venezuela.
            (Chile too was a member but left in 1976.)
            The main aim of the pact is to develop the
            industrialization of the region.

            \d /or COM. an expression much used in business
            writings, it includes both an addition (the ‘and’)
            and an alternative (the ‘or’): The samples may
            go by road and/or air, the samples may go either
            by road only, or by air only, or partly by road
            and partly by air. Abbr. a/or.

            id reduced see reduction of capital.

            gel FIN. (collog.) a person who is ready to
            support something, especially a play or a film,
            with loans of money in return for interest, or
            for a share in the profits, or both. See backer.
            imal husbandry see under husbandry.
            inouncement effect PUB. FIN. & TAXN. the
            degree to which a consumer realizes that he is
            paying a tax; for example, since indirect taxes
            On spending are included in the final price to
            the consumer, he is less likely to realize that
            he is paying a tax and is less likely to notice,
            or object to, changes in the rate of tax; but if
            the amount of tax is stated separately from the
            price and is thus announced (made clearly
            known) to the consumer, he will be more likely

            to notice changes in the rate of tax and to resist
            any increase.




                evince -p 36 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            —————————
            26 - announcement of sale

            ement of sale 8 a ager
            ill be _ See sale.
            " ublic that a sale wi 7 —.
            a aon? (1) happening every ele y =
            ~~ nual report of the directors. 1€ owe
            pecs meeting. (2) measured by the year:
            annual income of £1 0,000
            n. a book which comes “
            giving ‘nformation about event

            before; a yearbook. ak oe

            oe Abstract of Statistics pe eae

            book produced once each year by the DI? .
            C figures collected, analyse

            overnment giving aly’
            and arranged in tables by the Central Diesen
            Office on important subjects concerning

            nation, such as population, employment, pro-
            duction, trade, prices, etc. on
            nual accounts see accounts, 7. Pt.
            cnaasal charge accTs. (1) a charge made for
            services given for a whole year, €.g. 4 consul-
            tancy fee payable by one company to another
            (2) an expense which is paid only once in a
            year, e.g. a subscription to a society, club, or
            association.
            annual general meeting CoM. & LAW a formal
            meeting of the members, shareholders and
            directors of a company, held by law once each
            year, at which they consider the accounts and
            directors’ and auditors’ reports on the year’s
            activities, fix the auditors’ pay, decide the
            amount of the dividend, and appoint or
            reappoint the auditors and directors, as laid
            down in their Articles of Association. Annual
            general meetings are also held by clubs, socie-
            ties, associations, trade unions and other, usu.
            non-profitmaking, organizations according to
            their rules. Syn. ordinary general meeting. See
            also company meeting. Abbr. A.G.M.
            annual income (1) COM. & TAXN. the total
            amount of money that a person receives from
            all sources during a period of one year, often
            expressed thus: £10,000 per annum, or £10,000
            p.a. (2) COM. the amount of money earned by
            an investment in a year: This loan stock will
            produce an annual income of £5000. His annual
            income from rents is £750.
            annualized percentage rate (of interest)
            see under interest rate. Abbr. A.P.R.
            annual leave see under leave.
            annual premium INScE. an insurance premiun
            payable only once a year. See premium.
            annual report LAW & MAN. a report presented
            each year by the directors to the members and
            ~— shee Sofa company, giving information
            sachitin oe S trading activities and
            ae : os ocuments which must be
            the profit sad 104 namely the balance sheet,
            ~ ‘OSS account and the auditors’
            : meen See also interim report.
            made once a year. g; oe formal Statement
            year, signed by a director and th
            secretary of a limited compan d the
            y, tothe Registrar

            announc

            ‘out every year, usu.
            during the

            clea’ ‘ving certain information laid
            es ede snaindivg details about shares,
            debentures and mortgages, the members,
            shareholders, directors and secretary and
            attaching copies of the balance sheet and other
            documents which have been put before the
            company during the period covered by the
            return. :
            annual value PUB. FIN. the value of a particular
            house-property which 1s taken as the basis for
            calculating the amount of rates (local taxes)
            payable by the owner or occupier. To arrive at
            the annual value, the gross value (i.e. the rack
            rent, which is the annual rent which could be
            got for the property if it were to be let) is
            reduced by taking off certain costs allowed by
            law such as repairs, insurance, etc., leaving a
            figure called the (net) annual value. Syn. rate-
            able value. |
            annuitant INSCE. a person who holds or receives
            an annuity. |
            annuity INSCE. (1) a fixed sum of money paid or
            received once every year or at regular dates
            during the year, for a stated period or, e.g., as
            a pension, and usu. during the rest of the life
            of the annuitant. (2) a loan of money which is
            repaid to the lender by equal annual amounts or
            at regular dates during the year, such payments
            usu. ceasing only on the death of the lender.
            See annuity insurance under insurance, classes
            and kinds of.
            compulsory purchase annuity one that must be
            bought by the trustees of a pension fund from
            a life assurance company or society to provide
            a pension for a retired employee member of
            the fund and the surviving husband or wife of
            that member.
            Hancock annuity, in Britain, an annuity
            arranged by an employer with a life assurance
            company or society to give a retired employee
            an income for life, based on his final pay.
            (Named after the person who got approval by
            fighting a lawsuit to the House of Lords.)
            annuity bond see under bond, n.
            annuity certain see under insurance policy.
            annuity insurance see under insurance, classes
            and kinds of.

            annuity policies, various see under insurance
            policy.

            annuity system (1) accts. a way of providing
            for the depreciation of an asset by means of
            regular annual charges, each consisting of two
            parts: first, a fixed amount arrived at by spread-
            ing the original cost of the asset equally over a
            given number of years: and second, an amount

            representing interest based on the value of the
            asset in each year; so that the annual amounts
            of interest gradually get smaller until they
            become nothing when the value of the asset is
            reduced to nothing. (2) FIN. a way of repaying
            4 Mortgage debt by making equal annual or


                evince -p 37 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            monthly payments consisting partly of capital
            and partly of interest on the amount outstand-
            ing. Syn. annuity method. ax
            answer-back COMP. in data Conca ans:
            the identification signal transmitted by the
            receiving station to indicate that it 1s ready to
            receive the main message. |
            ante-date BKG. & COM. to date back; to give a
            document a date earlier than the actual date
            on which it was signed, usu. to make it take
            effect from the earlier date: The contract/bill of
            lading/cheque was ante-dated so as to run from
            1 January. Also antedate. Syn. fore-date; pre-
            date. Opp. post-date.
            ante-dated cheque see under cheque.
            ante-nuptial settlement see under settlement.
            anticipate (1) to think of, realize, beforehand:
            We anticipated their response to our letter, we
            realized what they would say in reply. (2) to
            expect: We anticipate a delay of three weeks in
            supplying your order. (3) to act in advance:
            Anticipating a rise in price, he bought 1000 shares.
            To anticipate a payment by one week, to make
            the payment a week earlier than was arranged.
            To anticipate demand, to order or produce in
            advance.
            anticipated prices ECON. the prices which the
            producer expects to pay for his raw materials,
            labour, etc., on the one hand, and the prices
            which he expects to receive for his finished
            products on the other, are matters which he
            must anticipate and take account of in plan-
            ning his level of production.
            anticipated profit INSCE. the profit which an
            insured person expects to make on a consign-
            ment of goods can be included in a policy of
            insurance on the grounds that if the goods are
            lost the expected profit will also be lost.
            anticipation (1) com. the act of anticipating:
            In anticipation of your order, we have reserved
            stock for you. He bought gold in anticipation of
            a rise in price. Thanking you in anticipation,
            formerly, a polite way of asking for co-oper-
            ation. (2) ECON. one of the risks taken by
            the entrepreneur (producer) is that of causing
            goods to be produced in anticipation of
            demand, so that if the demand should grow
            less before the goods are ready to be sold, he
            is in danger of suffering a loss against which
            he cannot insure. (3) Law the right of a person
            expecting to receive an income at some future
            date, to give or sell or raise money by pledging
            that right in advance.
            anticipatory breach Law under the law of
            contract, where one party has made it clear in
            advance that he will not perform his part of
            the contract (i.e. he intends to breach it) the
            other party may bring an action in the courts
            for damages for breach in anticipation.
            Anti-Corn Law League ECON. HIST. a British
            political movement started in 1838 in Man-

            aE a [a a

            apparel and tackle - 27

            chester by John Bright and Richard Cobden
            with the object of reducing the price of bread
            by removing the protective duty on imported
            corn. Their attack on the Corn Laws resulted
            in the Laws being done away with (repealed)
            in 1846 and was the beginning of a long period
            of free trade by Britain. See Corn Laws. _
            anti-dumping ECON. one form of action which
            may be taken by a government to protect
            industries from unfair competition, usu. by
            means of special import duties, to reduce or
            stop imports of goods for sale at a price lower
            than in the country in which they were manu-
            factured. Protection may also be given by one
            government coming to an agreement with the
            other to limit the quantity of goods exported
            and even to put an export duty on them in
            order to make them dearer, and so less compéeti-
            tive, in the importing country’s market. Cf.
            dumping.
            anti-inflation measures ECON. steps taken,
            esp. by the government of a country, to prevent
            prices and wages from rising too fast. Syn.
            counter-inflation measures. See inflation. _
            Antipodes Day see Meridian Day under merid-
            lan.
            anti-trust laws LAW & COM. laws passed in
            the U.S.A. from 1890 onwards which made it
            illegal to form large combinations of existing
            commercial and industrial organizations or any
            new concerns having the effect of setting up
            monopolies which kill healthy competition.
            The laws also make it illegal to act in restraint
            of trade, i.e. to do anything to limit a person’s
            freedom to carry on business as he wishes. In
            Britain, although the laws are less strict, the
            Office of Fair Trading and the Monopolies and
            Mergers Commission are active bodies; and, as
            in U.S.A., the laws of the European Economic
            Community give the E.E.C. Commission
            strong powers to stop any practices that pre-
            vent competition and limit freedom of trade.
            any other business usu. the last matter but
            one on the agenda of a meeting, meaning that
            at that point matters not listed earlier in the
            agenda may be put forward for consideration.
            Abbr. A.O.B.
            A/o, a/o account of.
            A.O.B. any other business.
            a/or and/or.

            A’ ordinary share see ‘A’ share under share.

            A.P. a protester; additional premium; average
            payable.

            A.P.A.C.S. Association for Payment Clearing
            Services.

            APEX Advance-Purchase Excursion.

            APL comp. a high-level computer programming
            language. Cf. ALGOL: BASIC; COBOL;
            -FORTRAN; PASCAL: PL/1.

            IPP. appendix.

            ipparel and tackle sHipG. the instruments,



                evince -p 38 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &



            28 - apparent damage

            nd fittings of a ship, including
            ats: sometimes menir
            chains, anchors and ne a h the charter-
            tioned in a charter-party in whic i parel and
            ers eens ct the ships 4P
            tackle in g order. i gees ch is
            epparent dame the cargo i unload
            noticed a : ee Te | ted
            ' e ship and which must be Ee
            Senay . the carrier. Opp. hidden dam-
            aneel LAW a formal request to a higher oa
            to review a judgment earlier reached 1n a lower
            court. See Court of Appeal. —
            v. to appeal against (a decision O
            but in U.S.A., to appeal a decision.
            appeal bond see under bond, n.
            Appeal Court see Court of Appeal.
            appellant LAW a person who appeals to a higher
            court against a judgment.
            append to join on; to add: The lists appended
            to this letter. To append one’s signature to a
            document.
            appendix a passage added to a book or paper,
            usu. at the end, intended to make it more useful
            or complete. P/. appendices or appendixes.
            Abbr. app.
            applicant (1) COM. a person who applies for
            employment, for a situation: Applicants for this
            post will be interviewed on Monday. (2) STK.
            EXCH. a person or organization who applies for
            shares or stock in a company when a new
            issue is made: Applicants will be informed of the
            number of shares allotted to them. (3) LAW a
            person applying to an authority for a licence,
            e.g. to keep a gun; to sell strong drink; to
            remove goods held by the Customs.
            application (1) CoM. a formal request: You must
            make an application to British Telecom for a
            telephone connection.
            prices on application we shall give you our
            prices if you apply.
            (2) MAN. a letter to an employer asking for
            employment. One advertisement has brought in
            30 applications for the post.
            (3) CoM. a formal claim or demand: An appii-
            cation for refund (repayment) of duty/tax/rail-
            fare, etc.
            payable on application sTK. EXCH. to be paid
            when applying for shares or stock. See appli-
            cation money; letter of application.
            final application the heading of a note to an
            overdue debtor threatening that, unless he set-
            tles the debt by a certain date, his supplies will
            be stopped and he will have an action brought
            against him in the courts; and that no more
            reminders or warnings will be given.
            (4) IND. a putting to use. Your invention can have
            fi ee to our factory processes, cannot be
            applicatior fo in making our products.
            imi xed quotation stk. EXCH. a formal
            y a public company to the Quo-

            working tools a

            f the court)

            a


            salieri iE onal a

            tations Committee of the London Stock EFx-
            change for a ‘stock-exchange quotation’ so that
            the company’s shares or stock may be dealt in
            on the Exchange. A quotation is given only
            after close examination of the company’s
            financial position and of the reputation of jts
            directors; and if all is found to be in order, the
            quotation is then included daily in the Officija]
            List.
            application form MAN. a printed for m provided
            by persons OF organizations inviting appli-
            cations of any kind. All applicants are expected
            to answer the questions printed on the form and
            may be asked to give additional information
            on some matters: An application form for: a
            passport/shares ina company/planning permission
            for a new building/opening a bank account
            employment, etc. remy
            application for shares see application money;
            letter of application. mer
            application, letter of see letter of application.
            application money STK. EXCH. money payable
            by a person at the time of making application
            for a new issue or offer-for-sale of shares (or
            stock) in a company; the amount payable on
            application may be the full price of the share
            or it may be a lesser amount, the balance
            being payable later. See letter of application;
            allotment money; call money.
            application program COMP. software designed
            for a particular job or user.
            applied economics ECON. that part of the
            study of economics which uses the findings of
            theoretical economists to explain the causes
            and meaning of events reported by descriptive
            economists; it 1s basically concerned with the
            practical problems of commerce, industry and
            finance. Cf. pure economics.
            applied research see under research.
            apply (1) Com. to make a formal request. See
            application. To apply as of right, to make a
            demand for something that one has a right to
            receive. (2) to put to use: To apply money in
            reduction of a loan. Apply your mind to your
            work. (3) LAW to ask a court for a relief or
            remedy: To apply for a court order.
            appoint (1) to choose a person for a post: To
            appoint a manager. (2) to fix, to decide on (a
            time, a place, a piece of work): The appointed
            time is 3 o'clock tomorrow. We shall meet at the
            court appointed for the hearing. Your appointed
            task (piece of work) is to increase sales. (3) to
            furnish, to provide with comforts The house/
            fiat/ho tel/ship is well appointed.
            appointes a person appointed to an office.
            appointment (1) a time and place chosen and
            agreed upon for a meeting: To make/arrange/
            keep/miss an appointment. (2) an office for which
            a person has been chosen: He has been offered

            an appointment on the board. See letter of
            appointment.


                evince -p 39 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            | Sa ae

            ‘ntments pi. furniture, comforts, orna-
            se ae ica house, flat, hotel or ship. ~
            apportion COM. to divide up and give out in fair
            shares according to rule; Let us apportion the
            overheads according to the turnover of each
            department. | .
            apportionment (1) COM. & ACCTS. the charging
            of each item of expense to its proper account.

            (2) MAR. INSCE. the sharing-out between the
            parties of losses when a general average is
            declared. See general average under average.
            (3) LAW when property is sold, the sharing-
            out between buyer and seller of charges paid
            periodically, such as the half-yearly payment
            of rates, so that each party bears his fair share

            at the date on which the sale is completed.

            appraisal MAN. a formal mechanism for assess-
            ing the performance of an individual in an
            organization, usu. in the form of an annual
            interview with the individual’s manager to dis-
            cuss progress and objectives. Syn. performance
            appraisal.

            appraise COM. to judge the value of; to give a
            professional opinion of the price, value or cost
            of something, usu. before a sale, or before a
            demand for tax or customs duty or for
            insurance. N. appraisal; appraisement.

            appraiser (1) COM. a professional valuer, who
            serves the public by making valuations of goods
            or property. (2) TAXN. an official employed by
            government authorities to make valuations for
            the collection of taxes and duties: Tax
            appraiser. Customs appraiser. See surveyor;
            valuer.

            appreciation (1) COM. an increase in market
            value of a producer’s stocks of goods in a period
            of rising prices. (2) STK. EXCH. (of securities) a
            rise in the market price. (3) BKG. & FIN. (of a
            currency) an increase in value as compared
            with other currencies. (4) ACCTS. an increase in
            market value of the assets of a business. Opp.
            depreciation.
            appreciation surplus when the net worth of a
            concern is calculated, any surplus in the market
            value of its assets over the value shown in the
            books is the appreciation surplus and may be
            of some importance to a possible buyer or
            investor.

            apprentice MAN. & IND. (1) a young learner in
            a skilled trade who has bound himself, by
            a contract called an indenture or articles of
            apprenticeship, to serve an employer for a stated
            number of years, usu. three, five or seven,
            during which the employer equally binds him-
            self to teach the apprentice the skills of his
            trade. (2) generally, a young person learning a
            skilled trade. Syn. trainee; novice. See inden- _
            ture; articles of apprenticeship. Cf. journey-
            man.

            apprenticeship MAN. & IND. (1) the state of

            »proved deferred share trust - 29

            being an apprentice. (2) the time served by an
            apprentice.
            appro. approval.
            appropriated berth see accommodation berth.
            appropriated goods sHIPG. goods found in a
            ship’s hold after unloading and having no
            known owner. Such goods may lawfully be
            given to a consignee in place of goods delivered
            short.
            appropriated stamp see under stamp. |
            appropriation (1) COM & ACCTS. the practice
            of setting apart an amount of money for a
            particular purpose: An appropriation for a staff
            bonus. An advertising appropriation. (2) COM. &
            BKG. the act of taking possession of something
            and treating it as one’s own: Appropriation of
            unclaimed deposits by a bank, or of unclaimed
            authors’ royalties by a publisher. (3) LAW the act
            of the personal representative of a dead person
            in applying the property of that dead person
            to paying his debts according to rules laid
            down by law. (4) PUB. FIN. the making legal
            of government spending of public money by
            passing an Appropriation Act each year.
            appropriation account ACCTS. a part of the
            profit and loss account showing how the net
            profits of a business are used, e.g. by putting
            some profit to reserves, some to pay dividends,
            and the balance to be carried forward to the
            next year. Syn. outlay account.
            appropriation fund FIN. a class of unit trust,
            the managers of which act as both agent and
            principal, 1.e. they buy new securities on their
            own account and then arrange for them to be
            appropriated to the trust fund at market value.
            Thus the managers can make a profit or a loss
            in the deal. Cf. cash fund.
            approval (1) the act of thinking well of; being
            favourable towards: Approval of the annual
            report and accounts by the shareholders. Abbr.
            appro.
            on approval COM. in Britain, goods supplied on
            approval are goods sent to an intending buyer
            on the understanding that, if he so wishes,
            he may return them without payment to the
            supplier within a fixed period or within a
            reasonable time if no time has been agreed.
            Collog. on appro.
            (2) permission: The board have given their
            approval to the proposed course of action. This
            cannot be done without the owner’s approval.
            approved accounts (1) accts. accounts which
            have been formally accepted by the members
            of the company and made binding by law. (2)
            COM. customers who are given credit because
            the supplier is satisfied about their reputation
            and ability to pay.
            approved deferred share trust FIN. & MAN.
            in Britain, a trust fund set up by a company
            for the purpose of giving a tax benefit to those
            of its employees who wish to own shares in their



                evince -p 40 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            30 - approved place

            The company Lanai

            ; ares

            money, which te pais is a until

            for the employees and hols ) had

            will be payable only when

            they are sold. Tax rey are held the

            they are sold, and the longer they oe abak |
            lower the rate of tax. Abbr. A.D.S. is
            approved place see bonded ee

            approved society see pe eae y

            x. approximate; approx vty:
            pastnarts ke (with a quantity of any kind)
            nearly, about; not exactly, but a little more
            or a little less: There are approximately 100
            shareholders. A shipment of approximately 300
            tons of coffee. Abbr. approx. Opp. exactly; pre-
            cisely.
            appurtenances SHIPG. & LAW all the things
            necessary for the proper operation of a ship,
            including tackle and furniture.

            A.P.R. annual(ized) percentage rate (of interest).

            aprés livraison (French) after delivery. Abbr.
            a.l.

            a protester (French) of bills of exchange, to be
            protested. Abbr. A.P.

            A.P.T. advanced passenger train.

            aptitude MAN. natural ability or cleverness
            suited to a particular kind of work or activity:
            An accountant has an aptitude for figures.
            aptitude test a test intended to find out what
            kind of work would be best suited to someone's
            personal abilities, esp. of a young person leav-
            ing school to take up employment.

            €@ quai (French) ex quay, see ex dock under ex
            (1).

            aquatal TOUR. a floating hotel usu. consisting of
            a number of houseboats at a marina. Cf. boatel.

            Arab Bank for Economic Development in
            Africa (A.B.E.D.A.) set up by the Arab
            League in 1973 with its base in Khartoum, to
            provide the non-Arab countries of Africa with
            technical and financial help, esp. those with
            serious and urgent problems over their balance
            of payments. In 1976 A.B.E.D.A. was merged
            with S.A.A.F.A., the Special Arab Assistance
            Fund for Africa. Cf. Kuwait Fund for Arab
            Economic Development.

            Arab Common Market an organization of
            some Arab states, Egypt, Iraq, Jordan and
            Syria, to help to develop trade between its
            members. Set up in 1964, it has not been as
            successful as its supporters hoped.

            Arab Economic Unity, Council of see under
            Council.

            Arab Fund for Economic and Social
            Development an organization set up by the
            Arab League to use funds from the wealthy
            Arab states for investment in the less wealthy
            states. See Arab League.

            Arab League an important organization of
            het states formed in 1945 with its original
            ee in Cairo (now in Tunis, Tunisia) with the

            in purpose of helping to increase unity and

            employer’s business.

            co-operation among Arab countries. The
            League has done much to support the setting-
            up of economic agencies such as the Arab Fund
            for Economic and Social Development, the
            Arab Monetary Fund and the Arab Bank for
            Economic Development in Africa. Its mem-
            bers include Algeria, Bahrain, Djibouti, Egypt,
            Iraq, Jordan, Kuwait, Lebanon, Libya, Maur;-
            tania, Morocco, Oman, Qatar, Saudi Arabia.
            Somalia, Sudan, Syria, Tunisia, the United
            Arab Emirates, and North and South Yemen.
            Full title: League of Arab States.

            arable land aar. land fit for ploughing.

            Arab Loan Fund for Africa see Special Arab
            Assistance Fund for Africa. |

            Arab Monetary Fund BKG. an organization set
            up by the Arab League similar to the Inter-
            national Monetary Fund (I.M.F.) to give help
            to Arab countries that suffer from problems of
            short-term cash assets.

            ar. arrived.

            a/r all risks.

            arb., arbs. arbitrager or arbitrageur.

            arbitrage or arbitraging (1) COMMOD. EXCH. &
            BKG. the business of buying some commodity,
            currency or bill of exchange in one market
            centre and selling it in another almost at the
            same time, thus taking advantage of any
            difference in price or exchange rate between
            the two centres. When dealing takes place in
            several centres, arbitrage is said to be spatial,
            indirect or compound. Syn. arbitration of ex-
            change. (2) STK. EXCH. in U.S.A., the difference
            in market price between two securities that are
            closely related, e.g. the stock of a holding
            company and of a subsidiary. Cf. shunting.
            interest arbitrage the profit to be made on the
            difference in interest rates in different coun-
            tries; such differences can often be very great.
            triangular arbitrage the profit to be made by
            trading in currencies the rates of which are not
            in agreement with each other, e.g. when the
            rate between the pound, the U-S. dollar and
            the Swiss franc are not all exactly equal.

            arbitrager or arbitrageur Com. person carrying
            on the business of arbitrage. Also (mainly
            U.S.A.) persons (called risk arbitragers) who
            risk buying stock/shares of companies which
            they believe, from inside information, will soon
            be the subject of a takeover bid, expecting
            to sell the stock/shares at a profit when the
            takeover takes place. Such a practice is illegal
            In many countries. Abbr. arb.; arbs.

            arbitration (1) IND. REL. a way of settling dis-
            agreements without bringing a lawsuit or hav-
            ing a strike; in Britain, the reference of an
            industrial dispute to a tribunal set up by Act
            of Parliament. Cf. conciliation; mediation. (2)
            LAW the reference of a dispute or disagreement
            to one or more independent persons specially
            chosen for their knowledge and fairness, call


                evince -p 41 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            : sometimes have power to
            0 ETS binding on both parties.
            oe award; dispute; mediation : Advisory, Con-
            ciliation and Arbitration Service. :

            arbitration agreement IND. REL. an pari
            ment containing a clause providing for a dis

            ute to be referred to arbitration.

            arbitration of exchange see arbitrage (1).

            arbitrator LAW a person, USU. highly qualified
            nthe law, who is appointed to act alone or with
            others as a sort of judge in disputes referred to
            him for settlement. His decision is called an
            award and can be enforced by the courts. Cf.
            referee. See arbitration; mediation.

            archaeology see industrial archaeology.

            architect IND. a person whose profession is to
            make plans of buildings and to see that they
            are properly built.
            naval architect an engineer specially qualified
            to make plans of ships and to see that they are
            correctly built.

            architecture COMP. the design of a computer
            system and the relationships between the vari-
            ous elements. See bus; ring; star.

            archive v. COMP. to transfer data from primary
            memory to auxiliary storage from which it
            cannot be used by the central processing unit.
            See also memory.

            archives n. pl. a collection of documents that
            has been gathered together over a long period.
            A place where such documents are stored.

            are the basic metric unit of area, being the area
            of a square with sides of 10 metres. See hectare
            (100 ares).

            area (1) the extent of the surface e.g. of a piece of
            land or water. Area is calculated by multiplying
            length by breadth. (2) CoM. part of a country
            which has been divided into areas for a particu-
            lar purpose: The Northern area sales manager.
            Free delivery in the London area. Sales analysis
            by areas.

            - area code in U.S.A. and Canada, the equivalent
            of S.T.D. in Britain.

            area health authority under the National
            Health Service, Britain is divided into areas
            roughly equivalent to counties, each under an
            area health authority responsible for control-
            ling the hospital services, medical practice and
            specialist services, and the local authority’s
            health services.

            argosy ECON. HIST. & SHIPG. a large merchant
            ship with a valuable cargo, esp. of the sixteenth
            and seventeenth centuries.

            ARIEL stx. ExcH. Automated Real-Time Invest-
            ment Exchange Limited.

            aristocracy government of a country by noble-
            men, 1.€. persons of the highest rank and called
            the upper class or aristocracy; the members of
            this class, esp. the nobility. Adj. aristocratic.

            arithmetical error ACCTS. & COM. a mistake in
            calculating.

            ea Br Bw, Se. Be Ba.

            arrear - 31

            i rogression MAN. & ACCTS. 4

            ee Sneed in increasing (or
            decreasing) order, the difference between each
            number and the next being always equal, thus:
            1. 2, 3, 4, the difference being 1; or 1, 7,
            13, 19, the difference being 6. CE. geometric
            progression ; harmonic progression. ar

            rithmetic mean an ordinary average arrive
            at by adding together the value of all the
            ‘ndividual articles and dividing that sum by
            the number of articles. Cf. geometric mean,
            harmonic mean; quadratic mean, median ;

            ¢;

            See unit Comp. the part of the central
            processor of a computer which performs calcu-
            lations and such operations as comparing, sort-
            ing, choosing and making decisions.

            Ariz. Arizona, U.S.A.

            ark. Arkansas, U.S.A.

            \.R.M.s adjustable rate mortgages.

            4.R.R. accounting rate of return.

            wr. arrive; arrived; arrival. ;

            range (1) to set in order: Jo arrange ones
            affairs/books/figures/papers. (2) to prepare, to
            plan: To arrange a meeting, to call the persons
            together to meet at a fixed time and place. Syn.
            to convene (a meeting). (3) (with for) To arrange
            for something to be done, settle the details and
            cause the thing to be done. (4) COM. to agree:
            Future deliveries at prices to be arranged. The
            house was sold at an arranged price. We have
            arranged to meet. (5) LAW to settle: They have
            arranged their differences in a friendly way.

            arrangement (1) an orderly setting-out: The
            arrangement of the desks in the office. An arrange-
            ment of samples to show the range of our products.
            (2) pl. plans, preparations: What are the
            arrangements for the conference? (3) COM. an
            agreement: We have come to an arrangement to
            sell each other's products. See barter arrange-
            ment. (4) COM. a settlement: He has made an
            arrangement with his creditors, has agreed with
            them either that he will pay in full but over a
            period of time or that he will be forgiven part
            or all of the debt. See deed of arrangement.

            arrangement, deed of see deed of arrange-
            ment. |

            arrangement, scheme of see scheme of
            arrangement under composition (scheme of
            composition).

            array MAN. & ACCTS. an arrangement of numbers
            in the order of their values, either from lowest
            to highest, e.g. 32, 54, 87, 96 or from highest
            to lowest, e.g. 96, 87, 54, 32.

            arrd. arrived.

            arrear sing. COM (with in) at the end of a given
            period.
            payable in arrear (of rent, interest, etc.) payable
            a the end of the period: Rent payable monthly
            in arrear, e.g. the January rent is payable on
            31 January. Opp. in advance. See arrears, pl.



                evince -p 42 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            rr ———————
            32 - arrears

            oney owing and overdue, esp.
            dividends, subscriptions.
            + to £100. He is falling
            ts. To make up/pay
            what was

            arrears p/. COM. Mm
            of rent, rates, taxes,
            Your arrears of rent amoun
            into arrears with his paymen
            off arrears, tO make good, to pay

            overdue. |
            arrears of work work that has fallen behind

            programme, that has accumulated: To catch up
            on arrears of work, to make good, to complete
            what had not been done in time.
            arrest LAW to stop and hold a person OF ship
            believed to have offended against the law: The
            police arrested the thief. The ship is under arrest.
            arrival (1) TRANSPT. the act of arriving, of reach-
            ing a place: On arrival you will report to the
            manager. What is the time of arrival of the train ?
            The date of arrival is 16 April. Abbr. arr.
            arrival notice a notice sent by the carrier of
            goods to the consignee telling him that the
            goods have arrived.
            arrival platform the part of a railway station
            reserved for trains arriving and unloading their
            passengers.
            arrival station the actual station to which goods
            are being sent by rail. Syn. ultimate desti-
            nation. Opp. departure station.
            (2) COM. a trade term used in export contracts
            to mean the same as ex ship, i.e. the seller has
            to pay the freight and handling charges up to
            the point where the goods are ready for the
            buyer to collect from aboard the ship on arrival
            at the named port.
            arrivals n. pi. persons or things that have
            arrived: A list of new arrivals. The arrivals and
            sailings list, a list giving names of ships and
            the dates of their arrival at a given port and
            of their leaving.
            art. article.
            artesian well AGR. & IND. a pipe sunk deep in
            the ground up which water rises by its own
            pressure to the surface. Such wells are effective
            only in certain areas called artesian basins. Cf.
            tube-well.
            article n. (1) a particular thing; one separate
            object: This is a_ luxury | essential | mass-
            produced | hand-made article. An article of
            clothing | dress | footwear. (2) a written paper:
            A newspaper article. Abbr. art.
            leading article an important piece of writing,
            usu. by the editor of a newspaper, giving the
            paper’s opinion on some subject of special
            public interest. Syn. (collog.) leader.
            den ee i. ‘ written agreement) one part or
            sage ee awe number) which deals
            en particular subject: Article 15 lays down

            ship’s articles p/. su

            ae pl. SHIPG. see articles of agree-

            - a st write down one by one in the

            — lies so 1.€. S€parate parts or divisions
            ument each dealing with a particular

            subject: To article an agreement/charges. (2)
            LAW & COM. to bind by contract in order to
            train someone for a profession: To article g
            young person to a firm of solicitors.
            articled clerk an office worker (the clerk) bound
            by a contract (the articles) to serve in his
            master’s law office for a stated number of years
            in return for being taught the practice of the
            law as a profession. |
            articles of agreement sHIPG. a document set-
            ting out details of a contract of employment
            between the master of a ship and the crew
            (persons working on the ship). Syn. ship’s arti-
            cles; shipping articles. |
            articles of apprenticeship IND. 4 written
            agreement in which a learner promises to serve
            a master who, in turn, promises to teach him a
            craft or trade. See apprentice; apprenticeship,
            Syn. indenture.
            Articles of Association LAW & MAN. an Impor-
            tant document, essential by law, recording arti-
            cle by article the way in which a company shall
            be managed and giving the rules by which its
            internal affairs shall be dealt with. It covers
            matters concerning shares, formal meetings,
            the powers of the directors, the election of
            officers, and the approval of accounts. A copy
            of the Articles must be placed in the office of
            the Registrar of Companies for examination by
            any member of the public. Cf. Memorandum of
            Association.
            articles of partnership see deed of partner-
            ship.
            artificial harbour see harbour.
            artificial intelligence Comp. the capability of
            a computer to work with symbols rather than
            numbers, and thus its ability to imitate human
            thought processes. Originally used to produce
            computers to play games such as chess, it is
            now enabling computers to make decisions
            from inputs of knowledge. See also expert sys-
            tem.
            artificial person LAw a group or association of
            persons who together are given an imaginary
            personality, i.e. a character or existence sepa-
            rate from the living persons who form the
            group. Such artificial persons are called corpor-
            ations and are treated for many legal purposes
            as though they were actual single human
            beings. See corporation aggregate; corporation
            sole. Syn. fictitious person; legal person.
            artisan COM. & MAN. a person skilled in one of
            the industrial arts, esp. a workman who makes
            or does useful things with his hands, for exam-
            ple, a Carpenter, a plumber, a mechanic. Cf.
            artist; craftsman.
            artist COM. & MAN. a person who can make
            beautiful things or things which need much
            skill and imagination to produce. Cf. artisan;
            craftsman.

            commercial artist an artist who is specially



                evince -p 43 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            skilled in drawing or planning advertisements,
            labels, exhibitions, etc. as objects to help in
            selling a product. |

            arts, industrial see industrial arts. |

            A.S., A/S., a/s. account sales; after sight,
            alongside.

            A.S.A. Advertising Standards Authority.

            a.$.a.p. as soon as possible.

            as at ACCTS. on a certain date: Balance as at 3]
            December 19—, a balance sheet heading stating
            the date on which the assets and liabilities of
            the business were valued. Value as at —.

            ASCII comp. American Standard Code for Infor-
            mation Interchange; a data transmission code
            where every character is represented by some
            combination of seven binary digits. This and
            the other major code, EBCDIC, enable greater
            international communication through com-
            puters. Pron. asski.

            ASEAN Association of South-East Asian
            Nations.

            as from CoM. from a certain date onwards: As
            from 15 February all orders should be sent to our
            new address. Syn. on and after.

            ‘A’ share see under share.

            ashore SHIPG. on shore, not on the sea: Passen-
            gers may go ashore at Bombay. The storm drove
            the ship ashore. Syn. on shore.

            Asiadollars FIN. & BKG. U.S. dollars that have
            been deposited with banks in Asia and lent, or
            able to be lent, to borrowers outside U.S.A.
            Cf. Eurodollars.

            Asian Development Bank (A.D.B.) BKG. «
            PUB. FIN. an international bank set up in 1966
            by members of E.C.A.F.E. to help to provide
            money for development programmes in Asia.
            It is based in Manila, Philippines.

            as is, where is COM. words sometimes used in
            an offer for sale of goods, meaning that the
            articles are offered in their existing condition
            and in the place where they are now lying, and
            suggesting that the articles are not perfect: Jn
            an as is, where is, condition. Cf. as seen.

            ask n. (U.S.A.) a bid, an asked or asking price.

            asked price see bid n. (3).

            asking price see under price.

            A.S.P. American selling price.

            as per according to: As per list enclosed/your
            letter.
            as per advice BKG. & COM. words sometimes
            written on a bill of exchange meaning that the
            drawee has been told that the bill is being
            drawn on him.
            as per contra ACCTS in accordance with, corre-
            sponding to, an entry on the opposite side of
            the account.

            assay v. and n. FIN. & ECON. to test the purity of
            a metal; the result of such a test: An assay
            would show whether the coin is false.

            aSsayer IND. a person skilled in testing ores and

            assessment - 33

            alloys to find out the proportion of pure and
            precious metals in them.

            assay master FIN. a government officer who
            declares the amount of precious metal in coin
            or bullion.

            assay office FIN. in Britain, there are offices in
            London and certain other towns where things
            made of silver and gold are officially marked
            to show that the metal is of the purity laid
            down by law. See hallmark.

            as seen com. (of goods offered for sale) in the
            condition in which the buyer sees (or has seen)
            them, the seller making no promise and bearing
            no responsibility concerning their condition ;
            often used of goods sold at auction.

            assemble (1) to bring together: Please assemble
            the figures for the meeting. (2) IND. to collect
            pieces and fit them together: We buy the various
            parts and assemble them in our factory. (3) to
            come together: The directors have assembled in
            the boardroom.

            assembly (1) IND. the process of continually
            collecting and fitting together the various parts
            in order to make up a whole article. (2) IND. the
            result of such a process: An exhaust-assembly,
            various parts that have been assembled into
            one single exhaust-system ready for fitting to a
            motor car.
            assembly line a special arrangement of work in
            a factory where the mass-produced articles
            being assembled move slowly along a line of
            workers each of whom adds a particular piece
            or does a particular operation until the finished
            product comes out complete at the end of the
            line. See automatic transfer machines.
            (3) a gathering of people.

            assembly hall a large room in which many
            people may gather, as in a school.

            assembly language see under language.

            assembly point a marked place where people
            are to assemble, in case of fire or other danger.

            assembly rooms pi. a building consisting of a
            number of rooms intended for holding public
            meetings and entertainments.

            assent LAW a document which hands over own-
            ership of property from the personal represen-
            tatives of a person who has died, to the person
            who has the right to receive it, e.g. to a ben-
            eficiary under a will.

            assented bond see under bond, n.

            assented stock see under stock (4).

            assess (1) COM. & FIN. to judge an amount or
            value: To assess the value of a crop/the weight
            of an animal/the speed of a car. (2) INSCE. &
            TAXN. to fix a value for taxation or insurance:
            The tax inspector has assessed my income at
            £10,000. He assesses the loss at £1000.

            assessment (1) INSCE. an official valuation of
            goods insured against loss or damage. (2) STK.
            EXCH. & MAN, measuring the value of a business
            by analysing the performance of its manage-




                evince -p 44 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            34. assessment centre
            ment and its 7 t record and future possibilities
            arning pronts. al insurance
            © maaan  evarane ee ee ~ ur
            under insurance, classes ane |! yin some coun-
            self-assessment a system existing emrennen
            | th each taxpayer prepares Mls
            tries by which each taXP Iculate the amount
            tax assessment (and has slat n toa particular
            of tax he has to pay 1 relatio . Ao
            saith sther countries 4 gO% ernment te
            tax year). In ot cement f: details
            official prepares the assessment rom lad
            supplied by the taxpayer 1D a document calle
            a tax return or return of income. |
            tax assessment TAXN. (a) a document showing
            the amount of tax a person has to pay, USt. ”
            relation to a particular tax year. (b) the amount
            itself. ,
            assessment centre MAN. a process used in the
            selection of new employees, which consists
            of a series of tests, interviews and exercises,
            involving all candidates usu. in a series of
            meetings over a period of days, after which it
            is possible to choose the most suitable persons.
            It is much more complete than the interview
            method of selection.
            assessor (1) INSCE. a professional person who
            assesses the amount of a loss or damage, esp.
            for an insured person, when a claim is made.
            See adjuster. Cf. fire loss adjuster. (2) TAXN.
            in U.S.A., an inspector of taxes. (3) LAW a
            specially-qualified adviser who helps the judge
            in a court of law to reach a fair decision in
            civil cases where matters that demand special
            knowledge are raised.
            nautical assessor one who helps to judge in
            certain cases in the Admiralty Court.
            asset sing. (1) generally, any possession that has
            money value, esp. one that can be used to pay
            debts; any one of a person’s goods, or the
            money owing to him. (2) (collog.) something or
            someone useful or helpful. An advantage: Jt is
            an asset to be near a port/post office/bus stop/
            railway station. The new manager is a great asset
            to the business. See assets, pl.
            asset and liability statement (U.S.A.) a bal-
            ance sheet.
            asset backing see asset value per share.
            assets p/. (1) ACCTS. & COM. all things owned by
            a person or business and having some money
            value, esp. if they can be used to pay debts,
            produce goods, or in some way help the busi-
            ae to ae a profit. Assets are of many kinds:
            ve assets assets th i
            faite at earn interest. Syn. pro-
            available assets see liquid assets below.
            capital assets see fixed assets below.
            circulating assets see current assets below
            contingent assets assets or oa; wh
            not actually been taken ; eo which have
            accounting period “n Into possession in the
            POSSessio period but which will come int
            on upon the happening of
            _ Crrent assets assets which sehen
            . may be consumed


            ned into cash fairly soon in 3
            se e of business, ¢.g. stock-in-trade,
            eae: stores, book debts, etc. Syn.
            circulating assets, floating assets. Opp. fixed
            aire assets the unused part of expenses
            which have been paid wholly or partly in
            , ance.
            scsstioam assets assets which, to meet the needs
            of the system of double-entry book-keeping,
            have to appear on the assets side of a balance
            sheet but which do not have any real value and
            are therefore not really assets. Syn. nominal
            a coinaabes possessions of a long-lasting and
            unchanging nature such as land, buildings,
            machinery, trade investments, etc., used for
            making and selling the products of the business
            and not intended for sale or to be turned into
            cash as long as they are useful to the business.
            Syn. capital assets, permanent assets. Opp.
            current assets.
            floating assets see current assets above. 3
            frozen assets assets which cannot immediately
            be turned into cash, either because they have
            been put under some sort of limiting control,
            e.g. a court order, or because their sale would
            bring a severe loss.
            hidden asset where an asset is given a value
            considerably less than its market value, the
            difference between its market value and its
            book value represents a hidden asset.
            illiquid assets those that cannot be sold for cash
            at short notice.
            intangible assets assets which are valuable in
            helping the business, but since they have no
            material form, are not easily turned into cash,
            e.g. goodwill, patents, copyrights, trademarks.
            Cf: tangible assets.
            invisible assets assets which are valuable pos-
            sessions of a business but which are not market-
            able, such as reputation, management ability,
            special technical knowledge and brand name.
            Cf. intangible assets (above) which are market-
            able but not easily so.
            liquid assets possessions which consist of cash
            in hand, or cash with bankers, and anything
            ition is quickly turned into cash, e.g.
            able and marketable securities. Syn.
            available assets.
            a outs (a) fixed assets plus current assets.
            Whit tuts Cha
            resulting Rite Oe Bae, : pene a
            calle e capita
            Se nis ans excess of assets over liabilities.
            Gvennens assets the value of tangible assets
            dihutle per share issued, adjusted for
            Ns resulting from the issue of convertible

            (used up) or tur

            tinge and cash and bonus issues. Abbr.


                evince -p 45 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            assets see fictitious assets above.
            assets those that do not produce
            such as investments in gold or

            nominal
            non-yielding
            an income,

            orks of art. | | |
            - rating assets those being used in the active

            ‘ons of the business.
            emcee assets see fixed assets above.
            -oductive assets see active assets above. a
            uick assets assets which are held in cash or
            can immediately be turned into cash without
            serious loss. Syn. realizable assets,
            real assets property other than money, such as
            buildings, machinery.
            realizable assets see quick assets above.
            slow assets assets that cannot be quickly sold a
            for cash.
            specific assets those assets that can be used only
            in a particular industry, e.g. a paper-making
            machine.
            tangible assets assets which have material form a
            and therefore can be turned into cash fairly
            quickly, e.g. securities, cash, cheques, etc. Cf.
            intangible assets. See also net tangible assets
            above. Syn. tangibles. a
            wasting assets those fixed assets which are
            gradually used up in producing the products of
            the business, e.g. a mine, an oil-well, a sand-
            pit.
            (2) LAW property which can be used for the
            payment of the debts of a dead person or of a
            person who cannot pay all he owes. In the legal
            sense, assets fall into several kinds:
            equitable assets a special class of asset forming
            part of the property left by a person who
            has died, which can only be applied to the a
            settlement of his debts after a court order has a
            been obtained.
            legal assets any assets forming part of the
            property left by a person who has died, other
            than equitable assets, which are therefore a
            administered by his executor or an adminis-
            trator.
            personal assets any assets which are not real
            assets; esp. any movable property such as per-
            sonal goods, and interests in leasehold land. a
            real assets assets which consist of real property,
            i.e. land and buildings and any similar immov-
            able property.
            assets disposal account ACCTS. an account
            in which is recorded what happens when an
            asset is no longer used. The original cost of the
            asset is debited to the account, while the total
            amount of depreciation provided for during all
            the years of the use of the asset plus any cash
            received for it on being sold off, are credited.
            The resulting balance shows whether the pro-
            vision for depreciation has been too much or a
            too little. Syn. assets account.
            assets side (of balance sheet) see balance sheet.
            asset-stripping FIN. buying up cheaply com-
            panies that are showing poor results, then either a

            assistant - 35

            (a) selling off the assets one by one at a profit
            and closing down the business (which may
            harm many people), or (b) selling off the useless
            assets but investing more money in the parts
            of the business that can be made to give a
            profit (which may help to bring new life to a
            sick business).

            ssets value ACcCcTS. the total worth (value) of
            a business calculated by adding together the
            book values of all its assets. See revaluation of
            assets.
            net assets value (of a company) the value of the
            net assets divided by the number of shares
            issued.

            sset turnover FIN. the ratio of a company’s
            sales to its assets. One of the most common
            ratios in financial ratio analysis, it is calculated
            to measure how efficiently the company uses
            its assets.

            sset value per share ACcTS. the total book-
            value of all the assets of a company divided by
            the number of issued ordinary shares. Syn.
            asset backing.

            ssign v. (1) MAN. to give or share out, esp. work
            or duties to a particular person or group of
            persons: We have been assigned work on the new
            ship. Each family was assigned a plot of land. (2)
            LAW & COM. to give formally by contract to
            another person (the assign or assignee) property,
            rights or interests, esp. patents, copyrights,
            insurance policies, usu. by a document called
            a deed of assignment, often shortened to: an
            assignment.

            n. see assignee.

            ssignable debt see under debt.

            ssignat ECON. HIST. a bond (representing seized
            land) given out in large numbers by the revo-
            lutionary government in France and used as
            paper money from 1790 to 1796.

            ssignee LAW a person to whom a legal right
            or interest has been formally given, usu. by
            deed of assignment. Syn. assign. Cf. assignor.
            assignee in bankruptcy see trustee in bank-
            ruptcy.

            ssignment (1) MAN. a particular piece of work
            or duty given to a person or group of persons
            to carry out: Your assignment is to negotiate the
            order. He has been sent on special assignment to
            Japan. (2) LAW the act of assigning. i.e. of
            giving rights or interests formally to another
            person. (3) the document which gives effect to
            this. See bargain and sale.

            assignment clause MAR. INSCE. a provision in a
            marine insurance policy allowing the insured
            person to give away or sell his interest in the
            policy.

            ssignor LAW the person making an assignment
            of rights or interests to some other person, usu.
            under a deed of assignment. Cf. assign. N.
            assignee.

            ssistant MAN. & COM. (1) a helper; a low-



                evince -p 46 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &


            36 - assistant accountant

            ffice or shop.
            ‘ng employee, esp. in an 0 3
            dai cua an employee who helps : =
            office with the letter writing and other pap

            a assistant an employee usu. with wider

            ho gives
            duties than those of Se aie or
            personal help in An O ranging bis
            other officer of high rank, ¢.8. 4% : op a
            travel, interviews and meetings. Ab r. P.i :
            (2) an employee who helps an official of higher
            rank by taking over and performing part of his
            duties. Abbr. asst.
            assistant accountant ACCTS. an acco
            who helps another of higher rank.
            assistant manager MAN. an employee who
            helps the manager by doing some of the work
            for which the manager is responsible. Abbr.
            A.M. |
            assisted areas places in Britain with a high
            level of unemployment, which receive govern-
            ment help in the form of tax allowances, low
            rents, training grants, loans, etc.; grants are
            also given for buying machinery and to provide
            working capital for new products. Projects
            which will increase employment in areas also
            receive grants from the European Regional
            Development Fund of the European Common
            Market. Assisted areas include special develop-
            ment areas and development areas.
            Assn., aSsn. association.
            associate v. COM. & FIN. to join; be connected
            with: He is associated with a transport company.
            n. sing. (1) COM. & FIN. a person joined or
            connected with others, esp. in a business or
            professional practice, e.g. that of architect or
            surveyor. Syn. partner. Also a young, partly-
            trained member of a professional firm who has
            to work for some years as a learner in the
            expectation of being made a full partner with
            a right to a share in the profits.
            associates p/. in a professional practice, the
            partners: John Smith and Associates, the full
            name of the partnership formed by Mr John
            Smith and some others of his profession. Cf.
            & Co.
            (2) LAW two persons are considered by law to
            be associates if either has any financial interest
            in the business or property of the other; or if
            both have a common interest in any business
            or property; or if some third person has an
            interest in the business or property of both of
            them.
            associated company Com. & FIN. a company
            of which at least 20% but less than 50 or 51%
            of the equity is held by another company or
            vaieiae be:
            ouaee ces - Organization formed by
            scalhthite tor 8 — same interests and held
            — oe ‘ orderly system of management.
            ing only t wu) are non-profitmaking, exist-
            y tO Carry out the aims and objects for

            untant


            which they were formed. Some are professional
            associations for doctors, lawyers, etc., others
            are for certain trades; there are associations
            for employers, employees, travellers, etc. Abby.

            Assn.; assn. |
            Association, Articles of see Articles of

            Association. }

            Association, Declaration of see Declaration

            ociation.

            sane for Payments Clearing Ser-
            vices (A.P.A.C.S.) BKG. & FIN. in Britain,
            the body set up in 1985 to manage and control
            money transmission and payment clearing
            activities generally. All financial institutions
            that are important in providing payment ser-
            vices are members, being the major banks
            and building societies. It replaced the former
            Bankers’ Clearing House. Clearings are made
            by three companies: the Cheque and Credit
            Clearing Co. Ltd., which deals with bulk paper
            clearings; the CHAPS and Town Clearing Co.
            Ltd., which deals with high-value clearings;
            and B.A.C.S. Ltd. (formerly Bankers Auto-
            mated Clearing Services Ltd.), which deals
            with electronic clearing. The Association also
            controls the national E.F.T.P.O.S system
            through EftPos U.K., Ltd. and two of the
            groups deal with currency clearings and
            cheque-card policy.

            Association, Memorandum of see Memo-
            randum of Association.

            Association of British Chambers of Com-
            merce CoM. a central organization based in
            London to which over 100 local chambers of
            commerce are joined. It deals with matters of
            general commercial and administrative plan-
            ning rather than with problems of production
            and labour relations. See chamber of com-
            merce.

            Association of Futures Brokers and
            Dealers (A.F.B.D) see under self-regulatory
            organizations.

            Association of South-East Asian Nations
            (ASEAN) a regional organization formed in
            1967 for improving political, economic and
            social co-operation between its members —
            Brunei, Indonesia, Malaysia, the Philippines,
            Singapore and Thailand. Its main offices are
            in Jakarta, Indonesia.

            asst. assistant.

            assumed bond see under bond, n.

            assurance INSCE. in the British insurance busi-
            hess assurance means the insuring of human
            lives (and sometimes marine risks), while
            insurance is used for insuring other things. But
            nowadays, as in U.S.A. insurance is commonly
            used to include both lives and things. See
            insurance.

            (life) assurance Company a company that insures
            lives, i.e. agrees to pay a certain sum of money
            when a stated event happens in the life of the


                evince -p 47 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            assured, e.g. on his 65th birthday, or on his
            death, ‘n return for the payment either of a
            iymp sum or by regular sums of money at stated
            dates. Cf. insurance. See life assurance under
            classes and kinds of; annuity

            insurance : ;
            ‘surance under insurance, classes and kinds
            f. o e .

            assuré contre I’incendie (French) insured
            against fire. Abbr. a.C.1.

            assured, the INSCE. (1) the person who will
            receive from the insurers any money payable
            under a life assurance policy. (2) a person on
            whose life an assurance policy has been taken
            out. In both cases, usu. the person effecting the
            insurance. Syn. the insured.

            assurer INSCE. a person or company who con-
            tracts to pay the assured if a stated event
            happens. Cf. underwriter; insurer.

            astern SHIPG. in a backward direction: Half
            speed astern. Moving astern, going stern first;
            backwards. Opp. ahead.

            A.T. admission temporaire.

            at (a price) COM. expressing price: Onions selling
            at 10p a pound. These shoes are priced at £50 a
            pair. At a profit/gain/loss. At a premium|/discount.

            At cost/par/face value/valuation. Goods sent at
            our cost/owner's risk. Sign: @: 5 oranges @ 7p
            ea. = 35p

            at best STK. EXCH. at the most profitable price
            obtainable: / ordered my stockbroker to buy/sell
            at best. The broker will always buy or sell for
            his client at best unless given clear orders to
            do otherwise.

            at call BKG. (of money on deposit with a bank)
            repayable immediately, on demand.

            A.T.L. actual total loss.

            Atl. Atlantic coast ports.

            Atlantic, Gulf, West Indies Warranty Mar.
            INSCE. a condition in a marine insurance policy
            limiting the movement of the ship to the Atlan-
            tic coasts of North, Central and South America
            as far south as Surinam (formerly Dutch
            Guiana). Abbr. A.G.W.I.

            Atlantic Time the time-zone of Eastern Can-
            ada, four hours behind Greenwich Mean Time.

            A.T.M. automatic (or automated) teller
            machine(s).

            Atomic Energy Authority (A.E.A.) IND. a
            public corporation responsible for the pro-  ;
            duction and control of nuclear energy in Bri-
            tain. It has built a number of nuclear power
            Stations.

            Atomic Energy Commission In. the equiva-
            lent in the U.S.A. of the Atomic Energy Au-
            thority.

            atomistic competition see pure competition
            under competition.

            saan test ADVTG. a method of pre-testing
            nal Waieesees packaging, etc. where individ-
            attempt to 5 hee ee tO

            St the effect of the whole advertise- ¢

            attendance time - 37

            ment or pack in its finished state. Cf. holistic
            test.

            at par STK. EXCH. (of a stock or share) having a
            market value equal to its nominal (face) value;
            thus when a share of 25p nominal value has a
            market value also of 25p, the share is said to
            be at par. See par.

            at risk INSCE. (of insured goods) likely to suffer
            damage or loss caused by dangerous events
            insured against in the policy.

            at sea MAR. INSCE. said of a ship that has left
            port and is on the sea; not in port. | |

            at ship’s rail sHIPG. see under ship’s derrick.

            . over ship’s rail. |

            siete Said CoM. words used on a bill of
            exchange meaning that the amount of the bill
            is payable on demand, 1.€. as soon as the
            acceptor is presented with it. Such bills are
            known as sight bills.

            att. attached.

            attaché (1) an official on the staff of an embassy
            in a foreign country. )
            commercial attaché the attache responsible for
            dealing with trade and commercial questions
            between the countries concerned. 1
            (2) STK. EXCH. a person who introduces business
            to a member of the exchange and is given a
            share in the commission if a deal results. Pron.
            atashay.

            attachment LAw (1) (of persons) where a person
            has disobeyed a court order or has offended
            the court in certain other ways, he may be
            arrested (seized) and put in prison until he has
            made matters right. (2) (of debts) where a
            judgment of the court has been given against
            a debtor and he does not pay, the creditor may
            obtain a court order that any money owed
            to the debtor by other parties shall be used
            (attached) to pay the judgment debt. (3) com.
            a slip of paper fastened to certain documents
            such as an insurance policy or a bill of lading
            and recording a special condition.

            attend MAN. (1) to be present at: He attended
            the meeting | show | lecture | interview / dinner, etc.
            The exhibition was well attended, many people
            were present. (2) to deal with: J must attend to
            my mail, deal with letters. Please attend to this
            customer, please serve him.

            attendance (1) MAN. the act of being present:
            His attendance record is bad. There was a good
            attendance. (2) personal service: Rooms with
            attendance, lodgings with service.

            attendance book a book in which members’
            attendance at meetings is recorded by each
            member writing his signature. Syn. attendance
            register.

            attendance money money paid to certain
            workers, e.g. dockers in Britain, for attending

            at their place of work even when there is no
            work for them to do.

            attendance time the number of hours spent


                evince -p 48 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &


            38 - attendant

            at his place of work for which
            d, whether there was work for
            hours of attendance.

            by an employee
            he is actually pal :
            or not. HM.
            ta oF St aim
            rank but one who is put in charge: A lavato ry/
            -loakroom/dining-car attendant. (2) ii nares
            also a person of higher rank; A medical attena-
            doctor.
            attention (written or stamped on a paper) (1) a
            signal that the paper should be attended to by
            a certain (named) person: Attention Mr Jones.
            (2) a signal amounting to an order to an
            employee to take action in the matter as may
            be necessary. Addr. attn. :
            attest LAW to witness formally, esp. the signa-
            ture of a document such as a will. ,
            attestation LAW (1) a formal declaration in
            writing of having witnessed the signing of a
            deed or other document. (2) a part of a deed
            or will declaring that it has been written and
            signed in the presence of witnesses.
            attested copy see certified copy.
            attitude survey IND. REL. an enquiry made by
            the management of a concern to discover the
            cause of bad relations with the work force and
            to find out how best to improve the feelings of
            the workers towards the management.
            attn. attention.
            attorney LAw (1) a person who has power to
            act in the place of another person and to
            represent him in legal matters. Syn. attorney
            in fact; private attorney. See power of attorney.
            (2) a lawyer, esp. one acting for a person in a
            court of law. In U.S.A., attorney-at-law; public
            attorney. Pron. atuhni. Cf. advocate.
            Attorney-General Law the highest law officer
            in Britain, usu. a Member of Parliament, and
            a political appointment ranking as a minister.
            In U.S.A. the head of the Department of Jus-
            tice and one of the president’s close advisers.
            Also, a state governor’s legal adviser.
            attorney, letter of see power of attorney.
            attorney, power of see power of attorney.
            attract to draw, to pull, towards: A market
            attracts buyers and sellers. The prosperity of
            the industry attracts new capital from investors.
            These goods attract tax at 8%.
            attractive pleasing; attracting: An attractive
            offer/post/salary/delivery date|price.
            attributable profit see under profit.
            A.T.V. all-terrain vehicle.
            A.U.A. agricultural unit of account. See green
            currencies.
            auction CoM. a method of selling in public by
            letting intending buyers gather and compete
            with each other by making bids (offers of
            money); the sale is made to the person who
            makes the highest bid. The seller may state a
            reserve (or upset) price below which he will
            not sell. See Dutch auction; mock auction:

            private treaty under treaty; hammer, n. Syn.
            (Scotland) roup; public sale.

            auctioneer COM. a person who is licensed to
            hold a public auction sale, acting as agent of
            the seller until the goods are actually sold, after
            which he becomes the agent of the buyer. Hic
            is therefore a particular class of agency. He js
            usu. paid by commission. See agent.

            audience research  ADVTG. marketing
            research, usu. by independent trade organj,.
            ations, into the number of people who say a
            particular advertisement.

            audiotape a tape-recording of sound only, cr
            videotape.

            audio-typist a person trained to use a type-
            writer to type words from a sound recording.
            Cf. shorthand-typist; copy-typist.

            audit ACCTS. an official examination and check-
            ing of the annual accounts of an organization
            by an independent qualified person, called an
            auditor, in order to make certain that they
            show accurately the true financial position and
            do not hide any dishonesty, and also that they
            are presented in proper form ordered by law.
            continuous audit a method adopted in some
            large concerns, of carrying out a continuous
            check on the account books and records all
            through the financial year, the advantage being
            that the work is evenly spread over the year.
            Syn. internal audit.
            completed audit the practice usually adopted of
            checking the accounts after they have been
            completed at the end of the financial year. Syn.
            general audit.
            internal audit see continuous audit above.

            Audit Bureau of Circulation (A.B.C.)
            ADVTG. in both U.S.A. and U.K., the body
            which collects, checks and publishes the sales
            figures for all printed periodicals. These figures
            are the basis for planning advertising cam-
            paigns in the periodicals.

            Audit Commission pus. FIN. in Britain, an
            official body that watches over and advises the
            district auditors who, in turn, see that local
            government finance is properly run as ordered
            by law.

            Audit Office see National Audit Office.

            auditor (1) AccTs. a person who audits accounts.
            See audit. (2) Law every limited company must
            appoint an auditor at each annual general
            meeting to act until the next such meeting. He
            must be a member of an officially-recognized
            body of professional accountants. He must not
            be an officer or employee of the company. He
            has a legal right of access to the records and
            accounts of the company. His duty is to the
            Shareholders who appointed him: to find out
            and state the true financial position at the time
            of the audit. To do this he must examine the
            books and records to see that they are proper ly
            kept, draw up a balance sheet, and on it, oF



                evince -p 49 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            attached to it, make an auditor’s report. See
            access; auditor's report.
            ees remuneration MAN. & ACCTS. the
            a um of money paid to an auditor for his services
            and expenses in auditing the accounts of a
            company or other organization. Ina SOrpary
            ‘he amount is fixed either by the directors
            or by the shareholders at the annual general
            meeting, and must be shown in the accounts
            of a limited company. |

            auditor's report LAW a report by the auditor
            officially appointed by an organization to audit
            its accounts. The report, usu. written on the
            balance sheet or attached to it, must by law
            state: whether he has obtained all necessary
            information and explanations; whether the
            books of account have been properly kept;
            whether the balance sheet and profit and loss
            account agree with the books of account:
            whether in his opinion the profit and loss
            account gives a true and fair view of the profit
            or loss made during the financial year, and
            whether the balance sheet gives a true and fair
            view of the state of affairs at the end of the
            year; and whether the accounts as a whole
            are in accordance with the provisions of the
            Companies Acts.

            auf Bestellung (German) on order. Abbr. a.B.

            au pair (French, as equal) words used for an
            arrangement by which a young person, usu. a
            girl wishing to learn a language, goes to stay
            in the home of a family in a foreign country,
            not as an employed servant but as an equal,
            helping with the housework and the children
            in return for her food and lodging and a little
            pocket-money. An au pair girl. She is an au pair.

            austerity ECON. an economic situation in which
            the public cannot afford to, or, are not permit-
            ted to, buy any unnecessary goods, bringing
            about a lack of comfort and satisfaction with
            life and work.
            austerity budget a national budget which aims
            to be deflationary by increasing taxes and thus
            reducing consumer demand.

            Austrian School ECON. THEORY a school of
            thought which began in Austria in the later
            part of the nineteenth century with the writings
            of the economists Karl Menger, Eugene von
            Boéhm-Bawerk and Friedrich Wieser, and with
            those of Stanley Jevons in England and Léon
            Walras in Switzerland. They are sometimes
            known as the Marginal Utility School or Mar-
            ginalist School, because they started and
            developed the idea of marginal utility. See
            Hayek, F.A.

            autarchy ECON. historically the word meant a
            System of government headed by a king or
            other ruler with complete and uncontrolled
            Power but it is now used with the same meaning
            as autarky.

            autarky ECON. a planned ideal to make a country

            authorized clerk - 39

            completely self-supporting in supplies of food
            and raw materials and thus to be totally inde-
            pendent of other countries. Syn economic self-
            sufficiency. |
            author (1) the writer of a book or play. (2) the
            person who brings something into existence:
            The author of a plan/proposal.
            authority (1) MAN. the power to decide, to com-
            mand and to control: A manager has authority
            over his staff. You had no authority to do this,
            you had no power to do it. (2) an official
            organization having power to govern of to
            control: A local authority, an elected body of
            councillors who, with employed staff, carry out
            the local government of Britain. The Port of
            London Authority, an example of a public
            organization appointed to manage a port.
            authority to negotiate BKG. (in financing for-
            eign trade) the power given by an importer’s
            bank to its branch in the exporter’s country to
            obtain agreement on a bill of exchange to be
            drawn by the exporter on the importer due for
            payment at the end of an agreed period from
            the date of presentation of the shipping docu-
            ments. Syn authority to purchase. Cf. authority
            to pay. ,
            authority to pay BKG. (in financing foreign
            trade) the power given to the importer’s bank’s
            branch in the exporter’s country to pay at sight
            a bill of exchange drawn on the branch by
            the exporter, on presentation of the shipping
            documents. Cf. authority to negotiate.
            authority to purchase see authority to nego-
            tiate.
            authorization code comp. a security code with-
            out which a computer will not output certain
            data files. It usu. consists of a User Identifi-
            cation and a Password. See also password: user
            identification.
            authorize MAN. (1) to give someone power to do
            something: The board authorized the secretary
            to affix the company’s seal to the contract. (2) to
            give permission or approval for something to
            be done: Our materials buyer has authorized
            payment of your invoice. Your journey has not
            been authorized, you have not been given per-
            mission to make the journey.
            authorized capital stk. ExcH. the amount of
            share capital that a company is allowed under
            its Memorandum of Association to issue, usu.
            expressed as a stated number of shares, each of
            a stated nominal (face) value, e.g. one million
            shares of 25p each. Capital in the form of
            shares actually issued is called isswed or sub-
            scribed capital. The whole of the authorized
            capital need not be issued; any balance not yet
            issued is called unissued capital. Syn. authorized
            issue; authorized stock: nominal capital; regis-
            tered capital; subscribed capital.
            authorized clerk sTK. EXCH. a stockbroker’s
            clerk who has been given special power to do >


                evince -p 50 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &


            40 - authorized depository
            Exchange on behalf of

            business in the Stock

            is employer. ae
            authorized depository see under depository. |
            authorized funds STK. EXCH. those investmen

            trusts that are registered for tax purposes 1n
            ra issue see authorized io
            authorized stock see authorized capital.
            auto an automobile aber 24 a a Car.
            German) see motorway. —
            as ts a boat which carries motor
            cars, lorries, etc. as well as passengers across a
            river or other narrow stretch of water. Syn. car
            ferry.
            auto-financing CoM. & FIN. (of a business) self-
            financing; able to raise enough money from its
            own earnings to pay the costs of present and
            future production and overheads without hav-
            ing to borrow money or to increase its capital.
            Cf. cash flow.
            autograph book BKG. a book for collecting
            signatures, esp. one in which a bank records
            the cheque signatures of its customers as a
            check against dishonesty.
            automat com. (1) a system of selling goods by
            machine, esp. food in a restaurant, to cus-
            tomers who serve themselves by first choosing
            what they want from a number of articles to
            be seen behind locked glass windows, and
            by then putting coins into the machine, thus
            unlocking the chosen article for the customer
            to take away. (2) a restaurant using this system.
            Syn. slot-machine; vending machine.
            Automated Real-Time Investment Ex-
            change Limited stk. EXCH. a computerized
            channel for effecting very large share deals
            between certain big investing organizations
            without passing through the usual Stock Exch-
            ange system. Abbr. ARIEL.
            automatic IND. (of machinery) working or mov-
            ing by itself, without being made to do so by
            a driver or operator. Examples: the automatic
            gear change in some motor cars; an automatic
            telephone system; an automatic pilot in an
            aircraft; an automatic fire alarm.
            automatic data processing comp. the hand-
            ling and treatment of information by com-
            puters. Abbr. A.D.P.
            automatic debit transfer BKG. & Com. a ser-
            vice provided by the National Giro in Britain
            which makes it possible for business organi-
            zations to collect money from a large number
            of customers at regular dates and at a very low
            aie a Bees each customer
            of automatically Phite aa meric
            payment is due. . hiteie twats
            eke mbiiitear see stabilizers.
            etary system ‘ ard ECON. & PUB. FIN. a mon-
            which manages itself w;
            needing an , ges itself without
            Y action by the central bank. The


            amount of money and its value are left to settle
            their own level by the interaction of supply
            and demand for the precious metal (usu. gojlq
            or silver) or the foreign currency chosen to be
            the monetary standard.
            automatic teller machines BKG. machines
            that do the work of a bank teller (cashier) jp
            receiving deposits of cash, cheques, etc. and
            issuing notes to customers who use a specia|
            card bearing printed or stamped marks. Such
            machines reduce the bank’s costs and improve
            its service to the customer. Abbr. A.T.M. Also
            automated teller machines.
            automatic transfer machines IND. the
            machines on which the modern mass-pro-
            duction assembly line is based, esp. in the
            motor-car industry. The machines are placed
            at points along and beside a moving belt, and
            each machine delivers the right part to the
            right place at the right time, so enabling the
            whole line to keep flowing smoothly.
            automation IND. a planned system of using
            automatic apparatus and machines, esp. com-
            puters, to replace human judgment, saving
            human effort and sometimes reducing the num-
            ber of workers needed. See cybernetics; servo-
            mechanisms.
            automobile (U.S.A.) a motor car or other
            vehicle that moves by its own power. Abbr.
            auto.
            automobile insurance see motor insurance
            under insurance, classes and kinds of.
            autonomous investment ECON. THEORY. an
            increased level of investment made, not
            because of a short-run rise in the rate of
            interest, but for some deeper, longer-term rea-
            son, e.g. the effects of the accelerator and
            the multiplier. Cf. induced investment. See
            Acceleration Principle; multiplier.
            autonomous port see under port.
            autoroute (French) see motorway.
            autostrada (Jialian) see motorway.
            aux. auxiliary.
            auxiliary memory see under memory.
            Av., av. average; avenue: avoirdupois weight.
            a/v. ad valorem.
            avail (U.S.A.) CoM. profit; what remains of a
            sum of money after taking off expenses. The
            word is not in modern use in Britain. Syn. net
            proceeds.
            availability (1) com. a state of being obtainable:
            being at hand: The availability of capital for
            investment depends on the rate of interest. The
            availability of replacement parts for foreign cars
            is bad. (2) TRANSPT. & TOUR. (of tickets, hotel
            accommodation) having force: The availability
            of this air ticket is 90 days. We cannot promise
            the availabil ity of your hotel reservation if you
            arrive after 8 p.m,
            available (1) com. obtainable; ready at hand;
            ready for use: We can buy the property from




                evince -p 51 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &


            funds, from money at hand. We have
            ash available for investment. (2) TRANSPT. &
            sds in force: Return tickets are not available
            ie his route, cannot be Sp tenon: a
            available assets see liquid assets under assets.
            avey sad (1 venotalls a middle position between
            oe ee In mathematics, the middle value of
            set of numbers. Syn. mean. See arithmetic
            mean; geometric mean; weighted average;
            moving average. In statistics, a figure which
            shows the nature of a group of figures. See
            median; mode; percentile; quartile. (2) of an
            ordinary, common or usual kind in quality or
            amount: Goods of average quality. We expect an
            average harvest this year. (3) SHIPG. small gifts
            of money given by the master of a ship to
            persons performing certain services such as
            pilotage and towage to encourage them to take
            special care. These expenses are charged to the
            owners of the cargo on an average or sharing
            basis. See also petty average. (4) MAR. INSCE.
            (from French: avarie, ‘damage’) the sharing,
            among owners or insurers, of the cost of loss
            or damage at sea. Abbr. av.
            general average the sharing of a partial loss
            which has resulted from an extraordinary sacri-
            fice made on purpose to prevent a total loss,
            e.g. when, in a situation of great danger, the
            master throws part of the cargo into the sea in
            order to save the ship and the rest of the cargo
            for the common good. It is an accepted rule of
            the sea that the master has the right to do this
            and that the loss should be shared by the
            various parties joined in the marine adventure.
            Syn. gross average. Abbr. g.a.; G/A; G.A.
            gross average see general average above.
            particular average loss arising from an acciden-
            tal happening, the cost of which is borne only
            by the owners of the particular thing or class
            of thing lost, i.e. of cargo, ship or freight. See
            with average.
            (5) STK. EXCH. see averaging.
            average adjuster MAR. INSCE. a person highly
            trained in the law of marine insurance and in
            valuing the losses under general average, who
            decides the amounts to be borne by the various
            parties. See average (4). Syn. average stater;
            average taker.
            average agent MAR. INSCE. a person who, as an
            agent, arranges for assessments of claims and
            for surveys of damage to ships and goods.
            average bond see under bond, n.
            average clause (1) INSCE. a condition in a fire
            insurance policy that, in the event of a claim,
            the sum payable shall not be greater than the
            proportion that the face value of the property,
            l.e. the value stated in the policy, bears to its
            actual value. This is to make sure that the
            property is insured for at least its full actual
            value and that the premium is paid on this

            averaging - 41

            basis. Syn. pro rata condition. (2) MAR. INSCE.
            a part of a marine insurance policy which states
            what goods are excepted from average.

            average Cost ECON. THEORY. the cost per unit
            of output. Cf. average revenue. See under cost.
            Syn, unit cost.

            average date CoM. where several payments,
            e.g. for interest, become due to the same person
            at various dates, it is often convenient to com-
            bine them into one single payment on a date
            about half-way between the extremes of the
            due dates. Syn. equated time; average due date.

            averager STK. EXCH. an investor who adopts the
            practice of averaging. See averaging.

            average price see under price.

            average rate see under rate.

            average revenue ECON. THEORY. under a sys-
            tem of perfect competition, the average rev-
            enue per unit of output sold, calculated by
            dividing total receipts by the number of units
            sold, must equal the price of the product, pro-
            viding all units are sold.

            average statement MAR. INSCE. the statement
            prepared by an average adjuster in the case of
            a general average claim, stating the amount to
            be paid by each of the parties whose goods
            have been saved. See general average under
            average.

            average stater see average adjuster.

            average stock COM. & ACCTS. in order to make
            comparisons, it is sometimes useful to know
            the average value of stock during the financial
            year. This is found by adding the values of
            opening and closing stock and dividing by two.
            See stock-turn.

            average taker see average adjuster.

            averaging STK. EXCH. a practice followed by
            some investors on the Stock Exchange of buy-
            ing (or selling) separate lots of the same share
            at different times at different prices. See specu-
            lation; pound/cost averaging.
            averaging down the action of an investor who
            buys more of a stock/share when the market
            price is falling; this reduces the average cost
            of his existing holding but increases his overall
            loss, at least in the short term. Opinion is
            against this operation: it should be done only
            if the investor has strong faith in an eventual
            rise in the market price; and if this happens,
            his profit will be greater. Cf. averaging up,
            below.
            averaging in the action of an investor who,
            having decided to increase his holding gradu-
            ally, buys only when the price falls to a certain
            figure decided upon earlier. Cf. averaging out
            below.
            averaging out the action of an investor who,
            having decided to reduce his holding gradually,
            sells only when the price rises to a certain figure
            decided upon earlier. Cf. averaging in, above.
            averaging up the action of an investor who buys



                evince -p 52 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            ——

            42 - aviation

            hen the market price
            ge cost of his
            price

            more of a stock/share W e.
            is rising; this increases the ape diel
            existing holding but as long as t aS af ei
            | 1e average cost OF Nis Ne :
            continues to rise, th ) RR RONOINS
            eit always be below the market price, - o
            ste a “¢ Aweragl IOWTN,

            ‘s covered against loss. cf. Averaging ¢

            ean IND. & TRANSPT. (1) the science de
            practice of fiying aircraft. (2) aircraft manulac
            ture.

            aviation broker an ag
            ters and insures aircra
            transport. |

            aviation insurance see under ins
            and kinds of.

            avoidable costs see variable costs under costs.

            avoidance see tax avoidance.

            avoir. avoirdupois. 7

            avoirdupois weight a system of weights in
            general commercial use in Britain and the
            U.S.A. Britain is now changing to the metric
            system. Abbr. av.; avoir; avdp. See table on
            page 545.

            award IND. REL. a decision of an arbitration
            tribunal giving its view of the facts and its
            recommendations for settling the claims of the
            parties in disagreement. See arbitration.

            awareness ADVTG. (of a product, by consumers)
            knowing the existence of; conscious of the
            qualities of : Consumer awareness.

            axe to take strong action to reduce expenses; to
            put an end to, in order to save money: Our
            plans for a new factory have been axed. To get
            the axe. To be axed, to be dismissed from a
            post. Syn. to chop.

            Ad Arizona, U.S.A.

            ent who buys, sells, char-
            ft and arranges airfreight

            urance, classes


            B

            b. born, e.g. b. 1885.

            B., b. bag, bale.

            B.A. banker’s acceptance; bank acceptance.

            B.A.A. British Airports Authority.

            Babeuf Francois-Emile (1760-97), French rev-
            olutionary and writer on ideas which influ-
            enced the rise of modern socialism. He
            demanded public ownership of all land and
            industry.

            back n. see backwardation.

            v. (1) to support, esp. by providing money:
            To back q new project/scheme/development/
            enterprise. (2) BKG. & COM. to take the responsi-
            bility for paying a bill of exchange by endorsin

            it: To back a bill. See also backing 7:

            back bond see under bond n.

            ~— oeuniy see hinterland.
            men) th the re de
            7 | ate, in order that the

            Ocument takes effect as though it had one


            made on the earlier date. (2) to provide for
            payments to apply from a certain date in the
            past: A pay rise backdated to | January.
            backed bill see under bill of exchange.
            backed note SHIPG. 4 receiving note from 9
            shipbroker to the master of a ship giving him
            permission to take on board goods brought in
            barges or other boats, In making this note the
            shipper becomes bound to pay the freight.
            backer (1) COM. & FIN. a person who supports
            another, esp. with money in 4 Commercig|
            venture. Syn. financier. See angel. (2) BKG, &
            COM. a person who takes the responsibility for
            paying a bill of exchange by endorsing it.
            back freight see under freight.
            backhander (co//oq.) a bribe. 3
            backing (1) help and support, esp. with money
            or influence: With your backing, he should get
            the job. (2) PUB. FIN. gold and government
            securities which support a country s bank-note
            issue. Originally the British note issue was
            backed almost wholly by gold. Until 1931 a
            pound note could be exchanged for gold at the
            Bank of England. That part of the note issue
            not backed by gold, the fiduciary (in faith)
            issue, is backed by government securities and
            has increased to the point where today the
            entire note issue is fiduciary and is unbacked
            by precious metal. See also back, v. |
            back letter sHIPG. a letter sometimes given by
            the shipper to the shipping company when
            goods are loaded in poor condition, agreeing
            to make good all loss suffered by the carrier if
            any claims arise from a foul bill of lading, i.e.
            one recording some fault in the goods or in the
            packing. The shipping company may then be
            willing to give the shipper a clean bill of lading
            which will make it easier for him to collect
            payment from the bank. Syn. backward letter:
            letter of indemnity.
            back load TRANSPT. a load for a road-transport
            vehicle to carry on its return journey. Syn.
            return load.
            backlog an accumulation of work (orders to
            supply, letters to write, etc.) needing to be dealt
            with quickly.
            back pay pay which is overdue. It may have
            been extra pay for work done in the past, or it
            may have accumulated because of an agree-
            ment allowing an increase in pay dating back
            to a past date.
            backsheesh see baksheesh.

            back spacer a key on a typewriter which, when
            pressed, moves the carriage back one space.
            back-to-back COM. in countertrade, a deal in
            which both parties Sign a single agreement to
            buy goods from each other but (unlike a barter
            agreement) each party pays the other in money.
            ack-to-back loan FIN, an arrangement aimed
            lo reduce the risks of foreign-exchange deals,
            by which a company lends a sum of money

            b



                evince -p 53 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            in its home currency to the local branch or
            subsidiary of a foreign company. In return, the
            original lender borrows from the foreign parent
            company an equal amount of foreign currency.
            back-up COMP. arrangements for making and
            safely storing In a computer system copies
            of documents containing important business
            information, including computer data and pro-
            grams.
            backwardation (1) STK. EXCH. a charge made
            by a buyer of stock on a seller who has bound
            himself to deliver it on Settling Day but cannot
            do so, and who thus arranges with the buyer
            to delay delivery until the next Settling Day.
            Syn. backwardization; back. See contango. (2)
            COMMOD. EXCH. the amount by which the spot
            price is higher than the forward or futures
            price. Abbr. bk.
            backward integration IND. & MAN. the prac-
            tice of increasing the size or the profitability of
            a business by gaining control of organizations
            which supply it with its raw materials. See
            vertical integration under integration.
            backwardization see backwardation.
            backward letter see back letter.
            B.A.C.S. Ltd. see Association for Payment
            Clearing Services.
            bad (1) not good; poor.
            to the bad in a state of loss; out of pocket: After
            this venture I am £1000 to the bad. Syn. worse
            off. Opp. to the good.
            (2) LAW wrong; not good in law: A bad claim.
            bad book STK. EXCH. a jobber would say that he
            ‘had a bad book’ in a certain security if he had
            bought a quantity and the price had then fallen,
            leaving him with the choice either of holding
            his stock in the hope of a rise in price or of
            selling now at a loss.
            bad coin see debasement of coinage.
            bad debt com. & ACCTS. a debt which is likely
            never to be paid and must be treated as worth-
            less by being entered as written off in a bad
            debts account. A/so a person or firm who is
            considered unlikely to pay a debt. Cf. doubtful
            debt.
            bad debts account a nominal account (since bad
            debts are an ordinary business expense) to
            which are debited all bad debts. The total 1s
            later debited in the profit and loss account
            and has the effect of reducing the profit (or
            increasing the loss) for the accounting period.
            bad debts policy see credit policy under
            insurance policy.
            _ bad delivery sTK. EXCH. stocks or shares which,
            ___ when delivered by the jobber to the broker or
            ___ by the broker to the client, are found to have
            — some fault.
            _ bad faith dishonesty; deceit; insincerity; dis-
            loyalty: To act in bad faith.
            badly off (collog.) poor. Opp. well off.
            ad money see debasement of coinage.

            2 a et [——

            Time th aie aa ee

            eS Ee ei oO

            a


            bailee - 43

            bad paper BxkG. bills of exchange which have
            been, or are likely to be. dishonoured.

            bag cargo sHIPG. goods packed and carried in
            bags or sacks. Syn. bagged cargo.

            Bagehot Walter (1826 77), English economist.
            banker and writer. He was editor of The Econ-
            omist from 1860 until his death. He wrote
            widely on economic subjects, esp. finance and
            banking. A critic of the Classical School of
            economists, he offered an explanation of the
            trade cycle based on the swings of opinion and
            outlook in the business world.

            baggage the bags or cases containing clothing
            and personal things belonging to a passenger.
            In Britain usu. called /uggage, but both baggage
            and /uggage are words in everyday use.

            baggage declaration Tour. a form made out
            by a passenger in order to obtain customs
            clearance of his baggage.

            baggage master SHIPG. on a ship, a member
            of the crew who is in charge of the passengers’
            baggage.

            baggage policy see under insurance policy.

            baggage room TRANSPT. & SHIPG. (1) in U.S.A.,
            a place, usu. in a railway station, where bag-
            gage may be left for short periods on payment
            of a small charge. Syn. left-luggage office. (2) in
            Britain, a part of aship reserved for passengers’
            baggage.

            baggage sufferance see bill of sufferance.

            bagged cargo see bag cargo.

            bail n. LAW (1) the method by which a person is

            saved from being put in jail when friends
            solemnly promise that the person will appear
            and answer the charge in court at the proper
            time. (2) the money given, or promised in a
            bail-bond, as a surety that a person who has
            been arrested and is being set free until his
            trial will appear at the proper time. His father
            went/stood bail for him. The son was released
            on bail/was out on bailladmitted to bail. He
            surrendered to his bail, appeared in court at the
            proper time. The accused jumped his bail, failed
            to appear in court; absconded. The accused
            thief was refused bail.

            v. bail (out) (1) LAW to cause a person to be set

            free on bail: He was bailed (out) by his father.

            (2) to hand over, deliver, goods held in trust.

            (3) COM. & FIN. (fig.) to come to the rescue of

            someone in financial trouble: The J.M.F. does

            not bail out commercial banks.

            bailable Law (of offences) of such a nature that
            the law allows bail to be arranged. In some
            countries, offences are either bailable or non-
            bailable. If bailable, the authorities must release
            the arrested person as soon as the required
            security has been given for that person's
            appearance in court at the proper time.

            bail bond see under bond, n.

            bailee LAW a person to whom goods are
            entrusted by the owner (the dailor) to be held


                evince -p 54 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            44 . bailiff

            for a stated purpose and on condition that they

            he asks.
            lb Fe pr of he go
            an oe but the bailor keeps the hipaa so
            bailiff LAW an officer of a court Ob irt.
            kes people obey the orders of the cour
            He sake arrests, and seizes property, esp.
            ei via pavment of debts which
            furniture, to obtain paymeny ° ess-
            the court has ordered to be paid. See proc
            farm-bailiff AGR. in Britain, a person employed
            by the owner of a large area of land to manage
            the work of farming and forestry. |
            bailment Law (1) the temporary delivery of
            goods by their owner (the bailor) to another
            person (the bailee) to whom they are entrusted
            for a stated purpose, on condition that they
            remain the property of the bailor and will
            be returned to him or otherwise dealt with
            according to his wishes. The delivery may be,
            e.g. for hire; or as an act of kindness such as
            a loan; or as security for money borrowed by
            the bailor; or as goods to be carried or repaired
            or stored, etc. (2) the arranging of bail for an
            arrested person.
            bailor LAw a person who entrusts another person
            (the bailee) with possession of his goods for a
            stated purpose, but without losing his owner-
            ship of the goods. See bailee; bailment.
            bailout FIN. a rescue, esp. by giving or lending
            money to a person or organization in great
            financial difficulty. V. bail out.
            bailout facility FIN. the ability to get out of a
            capital investment project without losing most
            of the capital invested at the start. A bailout
            facility may take the form of agreements cover-
            ing buyback of capital equipment, guarantee
            of contract payments, etc. While decreasing
            the risk of large loss, a bailout facility usu.
            results in a slightly higher level of capital
            investment while the project is alive.
            bail, paper see paper bail.
            bait-and-switch CoM. & ADVTG. in U.S.A., a
            deceitful kind of selling by which a customer
            is attracted into a shop by being shown a cheap
            article (the bait), and is then persuaded to buy
            a much dearer article. Syn. (Britain) switch-
            selling.
            baker's dozen see dozen.
            baksheesh in the Indian subcontinent and the
            Middle East, a tip; a small gift to the poor. In
            Britain (collog.), anything got for nothing. Also
            backsheesh; bakshish.
            bal. balance.
            balance n. (1) accts. the sum required to make
            one side of an account equal to the other side,
            riSeriad a between the total of all the
            idee —_ and the total of all the credit
            Hdd meet ee
            chitin bEAk credit, ¢xpresses the financial
            € particular account at the time


            the balance is struck. Abbr. bal.

            balance b/d balance brought down. See balance
            c/d. below.

            balance b/fwd balance brought forward. 5, ;
            balance c/d. below. |

            balance ¢/d balance carried down, the amount
            required to balance the account, 1.€. to make
            both sides equal, is entered in the Prope;
            column at the end of the fixed period when the
            accounts are balanced. The same amount ;,
            entered in the opposite side of the accoun,
            using the words balance b/d or balance brough,
            down, to begin the new fixed period.

            balance c/fwd balance carried forward. See baj-
            ance c/d. above.

            balance in hand or on hand usu. money jn
            notes and coin, held in ready form for making
            payments.

            bank balance the balance to the credit or debit
            of a customer’s account with a bank. Syn.
            balance at bank.

            cash balance (a) the amount of money, in notes
            and coin, held at any particular time in the
            cash-box or till of a business. (6) the amount
            standing to the credit of the current account
            of a person or business, often called cash at
            bank.

            closing balance the balance of an account at
            the end of the accounting period; this balance
            becomes the opening balance of the next
            accounting period.

            compensating balance in U.S.A., an agreed sum
            of money deposited in a bank by a borrower
            from that bank (a) to show that he intends to
            repay the loan promptly and (5) to increase the
            bank’s ability to lend more money to others.
            credit balance a balance on the credit (right-
            hand) side of an account.

            debit balance a balance on the debit (left-hand)
            side of an account.

            opening balance the balance of an account at
            the beginning of an accounting period; this
            balance is the same as the closing balance at the
            end of the accounting period just completed.
            trial balance see separate entry.

            (2) the rest; what remains: what is left. Our
            terms are: 50% cash with order, balance to be
            paid within 30 days. We have supplied most of
            your order; the balance will follow after the
            holidays. You have not paid all you owe ; I shall
            sue you for the balance.

            v. (1) ACCTS. to calculate the sum required to
            make one side of an account equal to the other.
            (2) FIN. to balance one’s book, one’s main aim
            if one is a dealer of foreign exchange, meaning
            that at the end of each day one reduces one’s
            holdings in various currencies to a reasonable
            minimum to avoid losses from overnight fluc-
            tuations (rises or falls) in rates of exchange.
            to balance off or balance up (a set of accounts)
            to carry out the work of balancing each of the


                evince -p 55 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            accounts in order to arrive at the difference
            between all the debit and all the credit entries
            ‘n the entire set of accounts and to arrive at a
            figure of profit or loss. 3
            palanced account an account which balances or
            which has been balanced off.
            balance certificate STK. EXCH. a certificate or
            written declaration given by a company to a
            shareholder who has sold only a part of the
            shares shown on an earlier share certificate,
            stating that he is the registered owner of the
            balance of the shares detailed in it. The certifi-
            cate is given in exchange for a balance receipt
            or balance ticket. See balance receipt.
            balance date ACCTS. & STK. EXCH. the annual
            date on which a company balances its accounts
            and draws up its balance sheet, so marking the
            end of its financial year.
            balanced budget see budget (1).
            balanced fund see under mutual fund.
            balance for official financing see balance of
            payments.
            balance of indebtedness see balance of pay-
            ments.
            balance of payments ECON. & PUB. FIN.
            broadly, the difference between the amount of
            money a country pays for its imports and the
            amount it receives for its exports. More exactly,
            the balance of a national account in which are
            recorded all international dealings resulting in
            payments of money during a certain period.
            Unlike the balance of trade, which includes
            only visible dealings (articles of trade, and
            gold and silver bars and coins), the balance of
            payments takes note of invisible imports and
            exports (payments for banking, insurance,
            transport, and other services), interest pay-
            ments and movements of capital. (See also
            current balance.) The balance is said to be in
            deficit, adverse, passive or unfavourable if it
            shows that the country pays or owes more than
            it receives or is owed; and in surplus, active or
            favourable if the opposite 1s true. Cf. balance
            of trade.
            balance of payments on capital account the
            difference in the money values of investment
            capital flowing into and out of the country.
            balance of payments on current account this
            combines visible and invisible items and is the
            difference between the money values of exports
            (visible and invisible) and of imports (visible
            and invisible).
            balance of trade ECON. & PUB. FIN. the diffe-
            rence between the money values of the visible
            exports and the visible imports of a country.
            In Britain, exports are taken at free on board
            prices, and imports at cost, insurance, freight
            Prices. See adverse trade balance; active bal-
            ance; invisible balance. Syn. trade balance.
            balance receipt sTK. EXCH. a temporary docu-
            ment given by a company to a shareholder who

            Baltic Exchange - 45

            has sold only a part of the shares detailed on
            an earlier share certificate. When the transfer
            of shares has been formally recorded, he gives
            the receipt back to the company in exchange
            for a balance certificate. Syn. balance ticket.
            See balance certificate.

            balance sheet Accts. a statement showing the
            financial position of a business at a certain
            date. usu. the end of the financial year with
            the aim of giving in a single document some
            means of measuring the financial position of
            the business and of judging its creditworthiness
            on the one hand and its value as an investment
            on the other; it contains the balances of the
            ledger accounts separated into liabilities
            (mainly capital invested, creditors, reserves,
            e.g. for future taxation, and provisions, e.g. for
            staff pensions) and assets (mainly land and
            buildings, machinery, stock-in-trade, cash,
            investments, and amounts receivable from
            debtors). Abbr. B.S.; b.s. Balance sheets are
            presented in one of two forms:
            account-form balance sheet in two columns with
            liabilities on the left and assets on the right.
            report-form balance sheet the more modern
            form listing assets, liabilities and ownership
            capital one under the other.

            balances, idle see under idle.

            balance ticket see balance receipt.

            bale a large package of soft goods, e.g. cotton,
            skins, wool, usu. compressed, wrapped in sack-
            ing and bound by rope, wire or metal bands.
            Syn. bundle. Abbr. B.; b.; bl.; (pl.) bls.; bs.
            bale cargo cargo consisting entirely of bales,
            usu. of standard size (30 in. x 15in. x 15 in.).
            Syn. baled cargo.
            bale cubic capacity (of a ship) the amount of
            space that can be used for carrying bales, boxes
            and bags. Cf. grain capacity.

            ball. ballast.

            ballast (1) sHIPG. any heavy material, e.g. stones,
            sand, put into the bottom of a ship or boat to
            keep her steady. Abbr. ball.
            ballast passage a voyage without cargo, the
            ship carrying only ballast and therefore earning
            no freight. Opp. cargo passage.
            in ballast carrying no cargo only ballast.

            (2) TRANSPT. stony material used to make a
            hard base for a road or railway track.
            balloon loan see under loan.

            ballot (1) IND. a vote, usu. taken by the work-
            force, to decide on an issue, e.g. whether to go
            on strike. Ballots may be held in mass meetings,
            by a show of hands, or in secret on a voting
            form. (2) COM. a small bale weighing 70-120
            lb.

            Baltic Exchange COMMOD. EXCH. & SHIPG.
            sometimes known as The Baltic, its full name
            1s the Baltic Mercantile and Shipping Exchange,
            in the City of London. Originally the market
            for produce from the Baltic countries, it 1s now


                evince -p 56 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &


            46 - Baltic ice warranty

            an association of (a) shipowners and <P
            brokers forming the world S largest ave
            national shipping market for the mesh err
            buying and selling, and the insurance oF Oe
            and the chartering of aircraft; (b) merchant
            and brokers forming a commodity mark et a
            cializing in grain but also dealing in coal
            timber and oilseeds. The Baltic 1s importan
            for its earnings from invisible exports. _
            Baltic ice warranty MAR. INSCE. a conditior
            in an insurance policy on the hull of a ship
            that the ship will not be taken into certalr
            parts of the Baltic Sea during times of the yea
            when the sea 1s frozen.
            ban an official order of disapproval forbidding
            someone to do something. ?
            overtime ban an official order by a trade unior
            forbidding its members to work overtime; 2
            means of putting pressure on an employer tc
            agree to the union’s demands. Cf. go slow.
            strike action; industrial action; work to rule.
            Banca d'Italia BKG. the central bank of Italy.
            banco BKG. bank value; the standard unit of
            money in which a bank keeps its accounts, e.g.
            sterling, U.S. dollars, as distinguished from the
            currency of any country in which it may be
            doing business.
            Bancogiro see under Giro.
            bancor BKG. & FIN. the name given to a world
            currency unit suggested by Lord Keynes and
            the British Treasury at the Bretton Woods
            Conference (1944) as an international medium
            of exchange. Although it was not accepted
            by the conference, an idea very like it was
            introduced by the International Monetary
            Fund in 1970, known as special drawing rights.
            banded pack ADVTG. a promotional method
            whereby two or more units or packets are
            offered for a single combined price. The two
            units or packs are often packaged together in
            a special wrapper.
            bandwaggon (collog.) a new idea or activity
            that attracts many people. To get/jump/climb
            on the bandwaggon, to take the opportunity to
            profit from a popular fashion or movement
            that seems successful.
            banging the market sTK. EXCH. the sudden
            offering for sale of large quantities of stocks or
            shares on the open market, without thought
            for the dangerous fall in prices which must
            result.
            bank v. BKG. (1) to pay money, cheques, etc. into
            a bank, usu. for safe-keeping: A wise man banks
            his savings. (2) to keep money in, to have an
            account with, a bank: We bank with the Mid-
            land (Bank). (3) to carry on the work of a
            banker; to trade in money. (4) (collog.) (with
            on) to depend on; to rely on: We are banking
            on you to deliver the goods on time.
            oi a business organization, usu. a limited
            y, which trades mainly in money,


            receiving and holding deposits and Pavinoe
            sums out of them by order of the custome,
            lending money at interest, discounting bills of
            exchange, moving money from one place to
            another, acting as customer's agent in buying
            and selling securities, Serving as trustee o;
            executor, and performing various extra ser.
            vices for customers, €.g. arranging travel and
            insurance, and advising on tax and investmen;
            See banking system; international trade. 4hh,
            bk.

            Bank, The (in Britain) the Bank of England.
            in the bank BKG. said of a discount house whey
            it has to borrow from the Bank of England.

            bankable asset BKG. any asset that a bank wil]
            receive or handle or accept as security for gq
            loan: Bankable securities/bills/paper. See bank
            bill. Abbr. B.A.

            bank acceptence see bank bill. Abbr. B.A.

            bank account BKG. an arrangement between a
            bank and a customer under which the customer
            pays in or deposits with the bank a sum of
            money which may be added to from time to
            time, and if it is a current a/c, he has the right
            to cash cheques and to write cheques on his
            account in favour of other parties. A customer
            may arrange to have more than one account
            with the same bank, in which case they are
            usu. numbered No. 1 a/c, No. 2 a/c, etc. In
            Britain, there are three main kinds of account:
            current, deposit and savings.
            call deposit account see deposit account below.
            checking or chequing account (U.S.A.) see cur-
            rent account below.
            current account (called in U.S.A demand
            deposit, or checking, or chequing account) on
            which, in Britain, the commercial bank cus-
            tomer receives no interest and may in fact
            pay bank charges unless a certain minimum
            average balance is kept in the account; and it
            is on his current account that a customer cashes
            and draws cheques. Trustee savings banks,
            however, pay some interest on current
            accounts. In U.S.A., a chequing account that
            earns interest is called a NOW account (Nego-
            tiable Order of Withdrawal). Syn. cheque
            account; drawing account.
            deposit account (called in U.S.A. time, or notice,
            or deposit account) one in which money paid in
            or deposited by a customer earns interest at a
            rate which varies with the bank’s base rate:
            the customer usu. has to give seven days’ notice
            before he can take money out of his deposit
            account, but there are some banks that have
            call-deposit accounts; and he cannot draw
            cheques on this account though he can transfer
            sums from it to his current account after due
            notice. Deposit accounts are often used as &
            reserve into which money not immediately
            needed can be put to earn interest. They can
            include fixed deposits, which are loans by the




                evince -p 57 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            customer to the bank at a fixed rate of interest
            for q fixed length of time. Abbr. D.A.; D/a.
            dead account see separate entry.
            drawing account see current account above.
            fixed deposit account see deposit account above.
            ‘oint account see separate entry.
            NOW account see current account above.
            number(ed) account one that 1s distinguished
            only by a number, so that the name of the
            depositor is kept secret.
            assbook account see savings account below.
            public account see separate entry.
            savings account in Britain, a bank account into
            which personal savings are paid and on which
            the bank usu. pays a slightly higher rate of
            interest than on ordinary deposit accounts.
            Small sums can be drawn out on demand but
            due notice must be given before taking out
            larger sums. Such accounts are held not only
            with the commercial banks but, more fre-
            quently, with the National Savings Bank and
            the building societies. Syn. passbook account.
            In U.S.A., savings accounts are held with
            savings and commercial banks and with
            savings and loan associations. Deposits are
            guaranteed by the federal government and can
            be drawn out at any time, but the rate of
            interest is relatively low. The standard thrift
            account is for a minimum deposit and rate of
            interest fixed by the federal government from
            time to time with yield varying according to
            the different methods of compounding interest,
            the highest yield being from interest com-
            pounded daily. There is also a NOW account
            (see current account above) and a sweep account
            (see below).
            sweep account in U.S.A., a special kind of
            checking (current) account from which every
            night the amount above a certain balance is
            put (swept) into a money-market fund. This
            service makes sure that money is not left idle
            in interest-free checking accounts instead of
            earning a high rate of interest in the short-term
            money market.
            bank advances see advances, n.pl.
            bank balance see under balance.
            bank bill BKG. (1) in Britain, a bill of exchange
            that has been drawn, accepted or endorsed by
            a bank; such a bill matures in one to nine
            months and can be more easily and more cheap-
            ly discounted in the money market because of
            the high reputation of the bank. In U.S.A., a
            bankable bill. Syn. bank(er’s) acceptance;
            bank draft; banker’s bill. Cf. banker’s draft.
            (2) in U.S.A., a bank-note.
            bank card see cheque card.
            bank certificate ACCTS. & BKG. a declaration
            signed by a responsible official of a bank, made
            on the formal request of a company’s auditors,
            Stating the amount of the balance in the com-
            pany’s bank account at a certain date. This

            bank draft - 47

            document provides a check on the company’s
            Own accounts and on the honesty of its

            employees responsible for dealings with the
            bank.

            bank charges ska. charges made by a bank on
            a Customer for the work of keeping a current
            account and for certain other services. Some
            banks charge a commission on current
            accounts of an eighth to a quarter per cent on
            the total value of all cheques debited, while
            others base their charge on the number, not
            the value, of all cheques drawn and credits
            made to the account, during a given period,
            usu. of six months. Most banks, however, make
            no charge if the average credit balance in the
            account is kept above an agreed minimum
            figure. Syn. bank commission; commission on
            current accounts; ledger fees.

            Bank Charter Act, 1844 BKG. & ECON. HIST. a
            law passed by Parliament after a series of bank
            failures, and mainly intended to make the Bank
            of England responsible for controlling the issue
            of bank-notes by the other banks and gradually
            to become the only note-issuing bank in Eng-
            land and Wales. The Act also gave the Bank
            of England the duty of making public a balance
            sheet in the form of a weekly bank return.

            bank cheque see bank draft.
            bank circulation see under circulation.
            bank clearing see Clearing House. Abbr. B.C.
            bank clerk BKG. a person employed in a bank,
            esp. one who deals with the customers, receiv-
            ing and paying out money and carrying out
            ordinary everyday business. Cf. bank manager.
            Syn. teller; cashier.
            bank commission see bank charges.
            bank credit ECON. & BKG. money lent by banks
            to their customers. This money is ‘created’, i.e.
            brought into existence, by the banks and has
            great economic importance because of its effect
            on the total supply of money.
            bank deposits BKG. (1) money deposited with
            a bank by its customers. (2) the total sum of
            money owed by a bank to all its customers,
            either received and held as deposits or credited
            to their accounts as interest or as overdrafts.
            This total sum represents claims by customers
            and is therefore a liability of the bank. Cf.
            bankers’ deposits. See deposit. (3) ECON. the
            total of all bank deposits in a country’s econ-
            omy is important because they are a form of
            money (called deposit money) and make up the
            largest part of the total money supply in the
            economy.
            bank discount see banker’s discount.
            bank, discount see discount bank.
            bank draft or banker’s draft BKG. (1) a cheque
            payable on demand drawn by a bank on itself
            and signed by one of its responsible officials.
            Since no bank is likely to refuse payment of
            such a cheque it is regarded as cash because it


                evince -p 58 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            “ay oe
            e


            48 - banker

            is certain to be honoured. I
            buys a bank draft and uses
            who will not accept a persona

            n practice, a debtor
            it to pay a creditor
            | cheque. Syn.
            bank cheque, banker's cheque. Abbr. B/D.;
            B/Dft. (2) a bank bill (British). cet el

            a person or body of persons,

            banker BKG. (1) | ithe teal
            now usu. a limited company, who, by arrange
            - on the one hand accepts money

            sited by customers to be held safely for
            Seon pai out by honouring cheques
            drawn by them on current account, and, on the
            other hand lends money in return for interest,
            always keeping enough of the depositors
            money on hand to meet any demands for cash
            that they may make. See bank; banking. The
            ordinary legal position between banker and
            customer is that of debtor and creditor depend-
            ing on who owes money to the other; but when
            the banker pays out money for his customer,
            he becomes the customer’s agent. (2) loosely,
            any person who is in the banking business. See
            industrial banker; investment banker.
            banker’s acceptance see bank bill. Abbr. B.A.
            bankers’ bank BKG. the central bank of a coun-
            try, in Britain the Bank of England, with which
            each of the clearing banks keeps a deposit.
            This allows the clearing bank to receive or pay
            money from the other banks without handling
            cash. See central bank; clearing banks; Clear-
            ing House.
            banker’s call rate BKG. the rate of interest
            which discount houses, bill-brokers, stock-
            brokers and jobbers have to pay to the commer-
            cial banks for loans of money ‘at call and short
            notice’. See call money.
            banker’s card see cheque card.
            banker's cheque see bank draft.
            banker's clearing house see Clearing House.
            banker's credit see letter of credit.
            bankers’ deposits BKG. the credit balances of
            the commercial banks held by the Bank of
            England and considered to be part of their
            cash reserves. These deposits are used by the
            government as a measure of the state of the
            economy and as a means of controlling
            (through the Bank of England) the supply of
            money. Cf. bank deposits.
            banker’s discount BKG. the difference between
            the face value of a bill of exchange or promis-
            sory note bought by a bank from a customer,
            and the amount credited to that customer’s
            ve with the bank. This difference is the
            ee we by the bank and is the
            bbc or the time the bill of exchange or
            ry note has to be held until it becomes

            payable, plus a varvin ch
            of risk involved. ohueagatee ten

            banker’s draft see bank draft.

            eich enquiry see banker’s reference,
            anker's lien see under lien.

            b , _
            eet S Opinion BKG. 2 service offered by

            ment:


            s is that of giving a customer, on
            ens iA the strictest confidence, infor-
            mation about the financial reputation of a per-
            son or business organization. See banker’s
            reference. Syn. credit information.
            banker's order BKG. an order in writing by a
            customer to his bank to pay a stated sum of
            money to a named party at certain stated dates
            until further orders. This 1s a service offered
            by banks to their customers in return for a
            small charge for each payment and is much
            used for paying fixed amounts which fall due
            on known dates such as insurance premiums,
            rents, subscriptions, etc. Syn. standing order,

            banker’s reference BKG. where a customer
            gives the name of his banker as a reference,
            e.g. to a new supplier, the supplier may ask
            his own bank to obtain an opinion from the
            customer’s bank concerning that customer’s
            financial reputation. Banks always express
            such opinions in a very general and guarded
            way, and give them only to their own customers
            or to another bank in the strictest confidence.
            See reference. Cf. banker’s opinion. Syn. bank-
            er’s enquiry.

            banker’s transfer see bank transfer.

            Bank for International Settlements BKG. «
            PUB. FIN. started in 1930 in Basle, Switzerland
            by the League of Nations. It acts as an inter-
            national banker to all the central banks of
            Western Europe and of Japan and Canada, in
            settling debts resulting from trade between
            members of the O.E.C.D. and the European
            Monetary Agreement. It also acts as a centre
            for the exchange of information and ideas
            among central banks. Most of the original
            duties are now performed by the International
            Monetary Fund. Abbr. B.L.S.

            Bank Giro see under Giro.

            bank guarantee BKG. (1) a formal promise by
            a bank to a creditor to pay him a sum of money
            if the debtor does not pay by a certain date.
            (2) a written promise by a bank to open a
            commercial credit, subject to certain con-
            ditions. (3) a formal promise to a bank to repay
            a loan made by a bank to a third party if that
            third party should fail to repay it.

            bank holiday (U.S.A.) KG. the closing of banks
            by government order for a limited period in
            order to prevent frightened depositors from
            drawing out their funds and hoarding them.
            See bank run. Cf. bank holidays (Britain).
            bank holid tad :
            o'ldays pi. (Britain) certain weekdays in
            the year that are by law public holidays on
            which all banks, post offices, business houses
            and government offices are officially closed.
            The bank holida ij :
            y8 are: in England and Wales

            and the Channel Islands, New Year’s Day (1
            January), Good Friday, Easter Monday, May
            Day, late Spring Holiday, late Summer Hol-
            iday, Christmas Day (25 December) and Box-



                evince -p 59 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            ay (the first weekday after Christmas
            Day); in Northern Ireland, all the English
            holidays and in addition St. Patrick s Day (17
            March), Easter Tuesday, and the Commemo-
            cation of the Battle of the Boyne (12 July); in
            Scotland, all the English holidays except Easter
            Monday and Boxing Day. See also non-busi-
            ness days. In U.S.A., New Year’s Day (1 Jan-
            yary), Memorial Day (last Monday in May in
            most states but 26 April, 10 May or 3 June in
            some southern states), Independence Day (4
            July), Labor Day (first Monday in September),
            Thanksgiving Day (fourth Thursday in
            November). Federal employees also get a legal
            holiday on Washington’s Birthday (22 Febru-
            ary), Columbus Day (12 October) and Vet-
            erans’ Day (11 November).

            banking BKG. the business of running a bank,
            of being a banker, 1.e. trading in money. Abbr.
            bkg.; bnkg.

            Banking Department BKG. one of the two
            main departments of the Bank of England. See
            bank return.

            Banking School ECON. HIST. & BKG. a group of
            bankers and economists who, during a period
            of bank failures from 1825 onwards, demanded
            that banks be free to issue notes, and expressed
            strong opinions against the views of the Cur-
            rency School who wanted the government to
            control and limit the note issue. The Currency
            School’s views became generally accepted and
            were built into the Bank Charter Act, 1844.

            banking system BKG. the arrangements under
            which a country’s banking services are organ-
            ized. These vary in different countries:
            in Britain they consist of: the Bank of England
            acting as the central bank; a small number
            of joint-stock banks (also called commercial or
            deposit banks) most with a large number of
            branches; the savings banks ; and other banking
            concerns including merchant banks, discount
            houses and the National Giro.
            in U.S.A. the central banking organization is_ |
            the Federal Reserve System which controls the
            commercial banks and trust companies. In
            addition there are investment banks, savings |
            banks, the Export-Import Bank, finance compa-
            nies and credit unions. The commercial banks
            are either: state banks, of which there are very
            many, since until recently they have not been
            allowed to open branches outside the state
            (sometimes even the town) in which they are
            based; or national banks which have by law to
            be members of the Federal Reserve System.

            bank interest BKG. (1) interest paid by a bank
            to a customer on money deposited with the
            bank. (2) interest paid by a customer to a bank
            on an overdraft or a loan.
            ank, joint-stock see joint-stock bank. |
            bank loan BxG. an agreed sum of money lent
            by a bank to a customer for a fixed period, usu. |

            ing D

            bank of issue - 49

            6-12 months, against an approved security. A
            special loan account is usu. opened on which
            the customer can draw cheques, and to which
            the interest on the whole sum for the whole
            period is debited, whether the customer draws
            or pays out the whole loan or not. Cf. bank
            overdraft. Syn. advance.

            bank personal loan a service offered by some
            banks to customers who do not qualify for
            overdrafts. Loans are mainly for buying goods
            for furnishing the home and are usu. made
            without security and therefore at a higher rate
            of interest than for overdrafts. The interest is
            added to the loan at the start, and the whole
            is repaid by equal monthly instalments. Cf.
            bank overdraft.

            bank manager see under manager.

            bank money BKG. & ECON. that part of the
            deposits held by banks which is on current
            account and can be used as money by drawing
            cheques. Syn. (U.S.A.) deposit currency.

            bank-note BKG. printed paper money issued by
            a bank, usu. the country’s central bank. The
            Bank of England issues notes of four denom1-
            nations at present — £5, £10, £20 and £50. A
            bank-note is a form of promissory note and
            carries a promise to pay the bearer on demand
            a stated sum of money. In Britain, by the
            Currency and Bank-Notes Act of 1954, the
            Bank of England is the only bank having the
            right to issue notes in England and Wales,
            but certain banks in Scotland and Northern
            Ireland have limited rights to do so. In U.S.A.
            bank-notes are issued only through the Federal
            Reserve System. Abbr. B.N.

            Bank of America BKG. in spite of its name and
            the fact that it is the American bank which
            has the largest number of branches, all its 700
            branches in the U.S.A. are in the State of
            California. It is not the central bank of the
            U.S.A. See banking system; Federal Reserve
            System.

            bank of deposit BKG. a bank which receives
            deposits from the public but does not issue
            currency notes. Cf. bank of issue.

            Bank of England Bx. the central bank of the
            United Kingdom, is state-owned and works
            Closely with the Treasury in carrying out the
            financial aims of the government, controlling
            the note issue and the volume of credit, manag-
            ing the national debt, administering the ex-
            change control and exchange equalization
            account, guarding the nation’s gold and silver
            reserves, and acting as banker to the govern-
            ment and to the commercial and other banks.
            It is the only bank having power to issue notes
            in England and Wales. See central] bank; bank
            return. Abbr. B.E.; B/E; B. of E.

            Bank of England minimum lending rate see
            minimum lending rate.

            bank of issue BKG. a bank having power by



                evince -p 60 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            ——————"~S—sn_—h
            =

            50 - bank overdraft
            —T to bearer
            law to issue currency _ ane deposit.
            (the holder) on demand. ¥ as um“of money
            bank overdraft BKG. a” 4 eae allows a CUS-
            which by arrangement ei i_e. to run into
            ree aa se drawing more than the
            debt to the bank ») dit in the account.
            amount standing to his crec ccaiia SRB
            The customer can make use of this h if
            shes, and for an agreed length ©
            Kins ana * payable only on the amount
            overdrawn at the end of each day, but the ee
            may make an additional charge for agreeing
            t_ and will usu. demand that
            to the arrangement, ;
            the customer should deposit easily saleable
            stocks and shares as security for repayment of
            the debt. Cf. bank loan.
            bank paper (1) BKG. a general name for bills of
            exchange that have been drawn, accepted or
            endorsed by a bank. See bank bills. Cf. trade
            paper; trade bills. (2) a general name for thin
            writing-paper.
            bank-paper BKG. currency notes which have
            been paid out by banks and are in circulation,
            i.e. in the hands of the public and not held in
            reserve by the banks.
            bank pass-book or passbook BKG. a small
            book supplied by a bank to a customer, in
            which payments in and out of his account are
            recorded in handwriting as they take place, so
            giving the customer a copy of his ledger
            account with the bank. Pass-books are now
            used only for some savings accounts, having
            been replaced for all other kinds of account by
            loose-leaf statements printed by computer. See
            bank statement.
            bank, private see private bank.
            bank rate BKG. & FIN. in Britain replaced since
            October 1972 by the minimum lending rate
            and base rate, it was the lowest rate at which
            the Bank of England would discount approved
            bills of exchange. Made public weekly, it was
            taken by all the other banks as the basis for
            their interest rates for deposits, loans and dis-
            counts. It was used by the Bank of England as
            an instrument for controlling the volume of
            credit and, in the days of the gold standard, asa
            means of protecting the nation’s gold reserves.
            Syn. (U.S.A.) discount rate. Abbr. b.r.
            bank reconciliation Statement AcctTs. a
            statement, usu. written in red ink in the cash
            book of a business, showing exactly what
            eee make up the difference at any one time
            etween the bank balance shown in the cash
            —- and that shown in the bank statement.
            seat ae 1s made up of (a) cheques drawn
            cheques ns een to be set against (0)
            various special sateen al credited, plus
            matters, ¢.g. bank charges not

            yet entered in the cash book ject j
            to explain the difference ‘ane

            mistakes at an early stage.

            and to correct any


            BKG. a stock of money in the

            Se ate nea and coin, and also of secu-
            rities which can very quickly be sold for money,
            held by a bank for the purpose of meeting
            demands from its customers who wish to draw
            money out of their accounts. |
            bank return BKG. the short name for the weekly
            balance sheet (a statement of assets and liabilj-
            ties) made public by the Bank of England as
            ordered by the Bank Charter Act, 1844. The
            return consists of two balance sheets, one for
            each of the Bank’s departments. One is for the
            Issue Department, which is responsible for the
            note issue, and gives on the left as a liability
            the value of notes issued and, on the right,
            the assets which support the note issue, being
            government and other securities, gold coin and
            bullion. The other is for the Banking Depart-
            ment, which does general banking business,
            and shows on the left the Bank’s liabilities,
            consisting of its own capital (as owned by its
            original stockholders), its reserves of undis-
            tributed profits, and deposits by government
            departments, banks, etc.: and on the right its
            assets which are mainly government and other
            securities, advances mainly to other banks, and
            its stock of notes and of gold and silver coin.
            Syn. weekly return. See also proportion, the.
            bankroll BKG. n. money kept 1n a bank account,
            esp. if ready for investment.
            v. to provide finance; to invest money in.
            Hence bankroller, a person who invests esp. in
            small, rapidly-growing businesses.
            bank run (U.S.A.) BKG. very heavy and urgent
            demands by the customers of a bank for repay-
            ment of their deposits, caused usu. by fear that
            the bank may be in financial trouble. Syn.
            (Britain) a run on the bank. See bank holiday
            (U.S.A.).
            bankrupt adj. Law declared by a bankruptcy

            court to be a bankrupt. See bankrupt, n.; bank-
            ruptcy. Cf. insolvent. To go bankrupt, to
            become a bankrupt. To be declared/adjudged/
            made bankrupt. Abbr. bkrpt.
            U. LAW & COM. to cause a person to become or
            to be declared a bankrupt.
            n. LAW a debtor who has been declared by a
            bankruptcy court to be insolvent, i.e. unable
            to pay his debts in full, and whose affairs have
            by court order been put in the charge of a
            trustee in bankruptcy who becomes his per-
            sonal representative until the debtor is dis-
            char ged from bankruptcy. A company unable
            to pay its debts cannot be made bankrupt;
            Instead it can be put into liquidation, i.e. its
            assets are sold for cash, which is used to settle
            its debts. See bankruptcy.
            certificated bankrupt a bankrupt person who,
            on being discharged from bankruptcy, has
            been given a certificate of misfortune by the

            court, stating that his bankruptcy was caused



                evince -p 61 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            by misfortune and not by any wrongful act of

            the bankrupt.
            undischarged bankrupt a bankrupt who has not

            been discharged, i.e. released by the court from
            the limits placed upon him under the law.
            While a bankrupt he may not obtain much
            credit, nor own any property (except the tools
            of his trade and a few clothes); nor may he be
            a company director; he is barred from holding
            most public offices; and his right to enter into
            contracts is severely limited.
            bankruptcy LAW the state of being bankrupt.
            The bankruptcy laws aim at: relieving the
            honest debtor from a hopeless position where
            he may never be able to settle his debts; forcing
            the dishonest debtor to meet the just claims of
            his creditors; and dividing the debtor’s prop-
            erty fairly among the creditors. The legal pro-
            cess starts with a petition in bankruptcy,
            presented to the High Court either by a creditor
            owed more than £750 (called the petitioning
            creditor) or by the debtor himself. The Court
            then makes a receiving order giving the Official
            Receiver power to take possession of the debt-
            or’s entire property (except tools of his trade
            and a little clothing) and to get a list of all his
            assets and debts. The creditors and the debtor
            may then agree to a deed or scheme of arrange-
            ment or composition by which each creditor may
            be paid wholly or in part, in which event
            the debtor is not made bankrupt. But if an
            arrangement is not agreed, the Court must
            declare the debtor bankrupt and appoint a
            trustee in bankruptcy who, as his personal rep-
            resentative, will share out the debtor’s property
            justly among his creditors in a manner fixed
            by law. Once this has been done, the debtor
            may be discharged, 1.e. released from the limits
            laid on him, provided that it is clear to the
            Court that he has done everything reasonably
            possible to settle his debts, any amounts still
            unpaid being usu. wiped out. See bankrupt.
            bank statement BKG. (1) a loose-leaf sheet or
            sheets supplied by a bank to each customer,
            giving details of all debits and credits made,
            esp. to his current account, during a given
            period, and showing the opening and closing
            balances. This document, prepared by com-
            puter, has now replaced the handwritten bank
            pass-book except for some savings accounts.
            (2) in U.S.A., a report on the financial position
            of a bank made to a controlling authority.
            bank transfer BKG. a simple system for making
            international credit transfers avoiding the
            work of making out cheques and drafts, used
            mainly for personal payments such as salaries
            of overseas employees, pensions and allow-
            ances, earnings from investments, and royalties
            from patents and copyrights. The bank is told
            to pay a stated sum to a named person abroad.
            The bank debits the sum, plus bank charges,

            bargain - 51

            to the drawer’s account and makes payment
            through its branch, agent or correspondent in
            the payee’s country. A bank transfer is usu.
            made by airmail but, in cases of urgency,
            Instructions can be passed by telegraph, esp.
            by cable or by telex, at slight extra cost. Syn.
            banker’s transfer. See telegraphic transfer.
            banque d’affaires BKG. in France, a merchant.

            bank.

            Banque de France the central bank of France.
            Abbr. B.F.

            b.a.p. billets 4 payer.

            b.a.r. billets a recevoir.

            bar. barrister; barrel.

            bar v. (1) CoM. to forbid: To bar a market.
            barred market a market (e.g. a foreign country)
            to which, by law or by agreement, the export
            of a particular product is forbidden.

            (2) LAW to destroy, to put an end to, to make
            ineffective: To bar a right.
            barred by limitation see limitation.

            Bar.-at-law barrister-at-law.

            Bar, The LAw in Britain, the profession of a
            barrister; the body of lawyers who practise as
            barristers.
            to be called to the Bar to be made a barrister,
            i.e. a member of the Bar.
            to read for the Bar to study law in order to
            become a barrister.

            bar chart see under chart.

            bar coding COMP. a control system by which
            each article in a shop, esp. a supermarket,
            bears a label printed with vertical black lines
            representing characters that can be read by an
            apparatus called a reading wand or scanner and
            used as data by a computer. Bar codes save time
            at checkout points and make stock control, re-
            ordering and marketing easier.

            bare INS. unprotected, uninsured. To go bare
            (U.S.A.) to decide not to have any insurance
            protection against being sued, e.g. for manu-
            facturer’s product liability or professional mal-
            practice.

            bareboat charter see under charter.

            bare contract see nude contract under contract.

            bare trustee LAw a trustee who has no other
            duty than to hold property and to pass it on to
            someone else at the proper time. Cf. active
            trust.

            barg. bargain.

            bargain v. (1) CoM. to discuss and agree on a
            price before making a business deal: They
            bargained all day about prices. I shall bargain
            with the trader. Syn. haggle, higgle; negotiate
            a price. (2) (with away) to sacrifice as part of a
            deal: He bargained away his independence in
            return for a directorship. (3) (with on) to depend
            on: J am bargaining on your support. (4) (with
            for) to expect: We did not bargain for his resig-
            nation, we were surprised by his resigning.

            n. (1) an agreement about price: To make/strike



                evince -p 62 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &


            52 - bargain and sale

            ea hard bargain, to make
            ee a ns also Dutch bargain. (2)

            evere conditions. | )
            soniestiins bought cheaply: You've got a bar

            have got good value for your money.
            eee sffered at a cheap or “a
            reduced price: This week's bargain. Abbr. aa
            bargain-basement the part of a departmen
            store, usu. below ground level, where one can

            buy cheap goods. . |
            setuaie-teenti a long table in a shop at which

            one can buy cheap goods. |
            bargain-hunter a person who searches for things

            he can buy cheaply. ,
            bargain price a specially low price.

            bargain sale (in a shop) a selling of unwanted
            or leftover stock at especially low prices.

            (4) STK. EXCH. a deal in securities between

            members of the Stock Exchange. If it is not
            profitable, it is called a bad bargain. Also called
            a contract.

            bargain book a book in which a stockbroker
            records all the deals he has made in buying
            and selling securities.

            bargain for the account a deal agreed to be
            settled at the next Account Day (see Account,
            The).

            bargains done the number of separate deals that
            took place on a particular day on the Stock
            Exchange, used as a measure of business
            activity on that day.

            time bargain a contract to deliver shares on a
            fixed future date. Cf. option.

            bargain and sale LAw a contract by which the

            ownership of real or personal property is given
            by one party to another for a consideration.
            Syn. assignment.

            bargaining IND. REL. see collective bargaining.

            bargaining power the power that one person
            or group of persons has when negotiating
            prices, wages, working conditions, etc. with
            another. The bargaining power of labour as a
            factor of production is largely directed by the
            trade unions in negotiating with employers,
            esp. producers.

            Bargaining Theory of Wages Econ. a general
            view taken by certain economists that the level
            of wage rates is decided by the relative bargain-
            ing power of the workers and the employers:
            and that the range of wage levels will be limited
            at the lower end by subsistence (the bare cost
            of keeping alive) and at the upper end by the
            point at which producers will be unwilling to
            produce. See bargaining power.

            barge SHIPG. & TRANSPT. a slow-moving, flat-
            bottomed boat for carrying goods, esp. large
            amounts of loose material, e.g. coal, sand,
            stone, on rivers and canals. Syn. lighter.

            —_ barge one that has no sails or engines, so
            as to be pushed or towed (pulled along).

            w i
            —— barge one that can move by its own


            bargee a member of the crew of a barge. Syn.
            bargeman.
            barge hire SHIPG. the charge made for the Use
            of barges, esp. for loading and unloading
            in a barge port. Syn. lighterage.
            bargeman see bargee.
            barge port see under port. |
            barometer stock STK. EXCH. one of a few
            widely-held securities, the market prices of
            which are considered by investors to be ,
            measure of the condition of the market. cr
            business barometer.
            baron IND. & FIN. a businessman at the head of
            a large industrial or financial organization, esp.
            a person who exercises great power: A press
            baron. Syn. magnate.
            barr. barrister.
            barrage a large wall built across a river to hold
            back the water. Barrages are important in the
            economy of some countries and are built for a
            variety of purposes: to store water for use
            in homes, farms, factories and irrigation; to
            increase the depth of water for shipping: to
            control floods; and to provide water-power,
            esp. for making electricity. Syn. dam. )
            barratry (1) SHIPG. & MAR. INSCE. any serious
            failure of duty, whether on purpose, or from
            extreme carelessness by the master and crew
            of a ship, resulting in loss to the shipowners or
            charterers, the owners of the cargo or the
            insurers, e.g. stealing or destroying the cargo,
            trading with an enemy, smuggling, or causing
            the wrecking or sinking of the ship. The word
            is used in bills of lading, charter-parties, and
            policies of marine insurance. See scuttling. (2)
            LAW the offence of causing repeated trouble
            by frequently starting quarrels and bringing
            annoying lawsuits.
            barrel (1) a round wooden or metal container
            with flat ends and outward-swelling sides, used
            usu. for holding liquids. Syn. cask. Cf. hogs-
            head, pipe, puncheon. (2) a unit of volume of
            various values, e.g. a barrel of ale, 32 (imperial)
            gallons; of beer, 36 gals.; of unrefined pet-
            roleum, 35 gals. in Britain, but in U.S.A. 42
            U.S. gallons; of Bordeaux wine, 50 gals.; also
            by weight when used for dry goods, e.g. of flour
            (U.S.A.) 196 Ib: of butter, 224 lb; of soap,
            256 lb; and by numbers of fishes, esp. cured
            herrings, about 1000 fishes: red herrings, 160
            fishes; fresh herrings, 660 fishes. Abbr. bar.:;
            brl.; bl.; in pl. bbl.; bls.
            barrel cargo one consisting of goods packed in
            barrels.

            slack barrel one for carrying dry goods.
            tight barrel one for carrying liquids.
            barrier anything that bars or stops progress oF

            prevents persons or things from passing OF
            entering.

            barrier to entry ECON. a market situation which
            prevents new producers from entering a!

            Ships




                evince -p 63 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            - ee

            ndustry, ¢-8- government controls, insufficient
            | jemand, high capital investment costs, patent

            -jghts. The cost of overcoming such barriers

            can be taken to be the height of the barrier

            H and determines the point to which existing

            roducers may raise their prices without
            encouraging new producers to enter the indus-
            try. A reduction of barriers will bring in more
            producers, increase competition and reduce
            prices. ;

            barrier to trade any action by the government
            of a country to limit or prevent the free flow
            of goods in and out of that country, e.g. duties
            on imports and exports, quotas, embargoes.
            See also trade restrictions.

            barrister LAW a lawyer, esp. in England, who
            has been ‘called to the Bar’ by one of the four
            Inns of Court in London, and has thus become
            a member of that branch of the legal profession
            which alone has the right to speak and argue
            for others in any of the higher courts. See
            advocate; counsel. Cf. solicitor. Abbr. bar.:
            barr.

            barrow TRANSPT. a handcart, usu. with two
            wheels, used by street-traders.
            barrow-boy a street-trader. Syn. costermonger,
            hawker.

            B.A.R.S. behaviourally anchored rating scales.

            barter COM. trade by the direct exchange of
            goods for other goods without using money or
            other medium of exchange: Barter was the
            earliest form of trade. Syn. contra; counter-
            trading; switch-trading. See also counter pur-
            chase.
            barter arrangement an agreement providing for
            certain products of one country to be exchan-
            ged for certain products of another country at
            Stated rates, but without any money being paid.
            Syn. barter agreement.

            base adj. of little value. Base coins, false coins
            made of metals of low value by dishonest per-
            sons who pass them as real ones. See debase-
            ment of coinage. Syn. counterfeit coin; forged
            coin; debased coin. Base metals, non-precious
            metals, esp. copper, lead, zinc and tin, or alloys
            of these.

            based com. set up (in a place): The head office
            of the company is based in Cairo; it is a Cairo-
            based company.

            Basel Concordat BKG. an agreement between
            a number of central banks in Basel, Switzer-
            land in 1975, designed to provide a framework
            for the control of international banking
            through wider publication of reporting sys-
            tems.

            basement see bargain-basement under bargain,
            n. (3).

            base period see index numbers.

            base rate BKG. the advertised rate of interest
            on which a bank bases its lending rate for
            advances and its borrowing rate for deposits.


            |




            basis - 53

            The rate charged for advances will be from 4°
            to 5% higher than the base rate. depending on
            the nature of the advance, the bargaining
            power of the borrower, the degree of risk that
            he will not repay the advance and, of course,
            the cost of the money which the bank lends.
            The rate given for deposits at seven days’ call
            is usu. 14% lower than the base rate.

            base year see cost-of-living index.

            BASIC comp. Beginner’s All-purpose Symbolic
            Instruction Code, a simple computer program-
            ming language much used by students in
            schools and universities and by users of per-
            sonal computers in the home. Cf. ALGOL;
            APL; COBOL; FORTRAN; PASCAL; PL/1.

            basic industry see under industry.

            basic money supply see M, under money sup-
            ply.

            basic motion timestudy IND. a method of
            work study which breaks down activities into
            all the movements involved (basic motions)
            through the use of film. Abbr. B.M.T.

            basic needs ECON. the things Man must have
            if he is to live: food, clothing and shelter. Syn.
            subsistence.

            basic rate MAR. INSCE. a premium rate for a
            standard kind of risk, on which actual rates
            are based, depending on the different circum-
            stances affecting the risk to be insured. See
            standard rate.

            basic research see under research.

            basic wage-rate IND. REL. the agreed standard
            rate of wages paid toa class of ordinary workers
            for a given period of work — hourly, daily or
            weekly. This rate forms the basis to which may
            be added other payments aimed at rewarding
            special skills and abilities and at encouraging
            hard work, e.g. incentive bonuses and overtime
            pay. Cf. minimum wage.

            basin (1) SHIPG. a harbour shut in by land; an
            area of enclosed water surrounded by places
            where ships can be tied to the shore, esp. for
            fitting-out, repair, loading and unloading.
            building basin a basin in which ships are built.
            dock basin a place where a river or canal has
            been widened so that ships or boats can be tied
            to the shore.
            tidal basin a basin or harbour where the tide
            flows in and out.

            (2) a hollow area of land, where the surface or

            the underground rock system slopes inwards

            from the sides to the centre.

            artesian basin see artesian well.

            coal basin an area where deposits of coal are

            found in layers of rock which dip inward from

            the sides to the centre.

            river basin an area of land drained by a river.
            basis (fig.) (1) the base on which some idea,

            thought, or law is built: The basis of an

            agreement/a claim/a forecast. (2) a given point

            or number on which calculations are based:



                evince -p 64 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &


            54 - basis price

            We take last year’s actual expenses as the mi
            of our budget. (3) an agreed arrangement:
            hire our machinery on a long-term basis, we
            arrange to hire it for a long time.

            basis price or basis rate COM. where an article
            or service is sold with or without extra things

            cial additions, the basis price or rate 1s
            ar ar the article or service only, and does not
            include any extras. See basic rate; basic wage-
            rate.
            basket of currencies FIN. & BKG. a measuring-
            unit made up of several specially-chosen cur-
            rencies of which the values are weighted in
            proportion to e.g. their effect upon the coun-
            try’s exchange rate. The European currency
            unit (ecu) 1s an example.

            batch IND. a group of things of the same kind,

            or a quantity of some material or substance,
            esp. when made at one time: A batch of loaves
            of bread. A batch of invoices/orders/letters for
            posting.

            batch costing the calculation and control of the
            cost of making batches of a product, including
            finding out the size of batch which is most
            profitable in a given set of conditions.

            batch processing the input of computer data in
            groups (batches) which have been accumulated
            over a given period. |

            batch production a system of producing in bat-
            ches, as compared with a continuous pro-
            duction process.

            battery (1) IND. a group of machines of the same
            kind: A battery of printing presses/lathes/drills/
            typewriters. (2) AGR. a group of many cages
            specially arranged for keeping large numbers
            of chickens in a small space and needing only
            a few workers to care for them and to collect
            the eggs; a battery farm. See factory farming.
            battery hen a hen kept in a battery. Opp. free-
            range.

            baud comp. a unit for measuring the speed of
            sending computer information: 1 baud = 1 bit
            per second.

            b.a.v. bon a vue.

            Bay Street stK.EXCH. a popular name for the
            Toronto Stock Exchange, the largest in Ca-
            nada, which is situated in Bay Street, Toronto.
            The expression sometimes includes also the
            banks and other powerful financial institutions
            in Toronto. Cf. Wall Street; City, The. __

            bazaar (1) a market-place, esp. in eastern coun-
            tries. (2) in western countries, a shop selling
            many small cheap things. (3) a sale of various
            unwanted things in order to obtain money to
            give to the poor or for some other good purpose.

            b.b. bearer bond(s).

            B.B.A. Bachelor of Business Administration
            (U.S.A.).

            bbi. barrels.

            b.c. blind copy.


            B.C. bank clearing; bankruptcy court; bills fo,
            collection: British Columbia (Canada).

            b.c.c. blind carbon copy.

            B.C.E. Board of Customs and Excise.

            B.C.M. British Commercial Monomark.

            bd. board; bond; boulevard; bound.

            b.d. bill discounted.

            B/D. bank draft.

            B/d., b/d. brought down.

            B/Dft. bank draft.

            b.d.i. both days inclusive.

            bdis. bundles.

            B.E. Bank of England.

            b.e. bill of exchange.

            B/E. Bank of England; bill of entry; bill of
            exchange.

            beaconage SHIPG. (1) a system of marks used
            to guide seamen. (2) charges made by a port
            to pay the cost of providing beacons, buoys,
            etc.

            beam SHIPG. the width of a ship at its widest part.
            On one’s beam ends, (collog.) in a financially
            hopeless condition.

            bean (collog.) money: He hasn't a bean, he has
            no money.

            bear v. (1) to carry: This floor will not bear the
            weight of the machinery. (2) to have; to show:
            The cheque bears his signature. (3) to be respon-
            sible for: J will bear all the expenses. (4) to
            produce: A bond which bears interest at 10%. (5)
            STK. EXCH. to force prices down: To bear the
            market.
            n. STK. EXCH. (1) strictly, a dealer in the stock
            market who, believing that prices will fall, sells
            for delivery on a future date securities which
            he does not at the time possess, but which he
            expects to buy at a lower price by the date he
            has to deliver them. The difference between
            his selling and buying prices is profit. Cf. bull.
            See covered bear. (2) more generally, any inves-
            tor who sells his shares because he thinks the
            price will fall.

            bear campaign sTK. EXCH. action by dealers
            aimed to drive prices down by selling securities,
            usu. 1n small lots so that these securities may be
            bought back later at a lower price. Syn. (U.S.A.)
            bear raid; bear tack. Cf. bull campaign.

            bearer (1) BKG. & CoM. the holder of a document:
            Please hand the goods to the bearer of this letter.
            (2) BKG. & COM. the person in possession of a
            cheque, bank-note, bond or bill of exchange
            which is stated as payable to bearer.

            bearer bill pxG. a bill of exchange that is made
            payable to a named party or bearer, meaning
            that the money may be paid to anyone who
            presents the bill for payment.

            bearer bond see under bond, n. Abbr. b.b.

            bearer certificate see bearer security.

            bearer cheque BKG. a cheque that bears the
            words Pay (name of payee) or bearer, meaning
            that the bank may pay the money to anyone



                evince -p 65 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            oe

            : le 1”


            who is in possession of the cheque and who
            resents it for payment. Cf. order cheque. Syn.

            cheque to bearer.

            bearer debenture see under debenture.
            bearer paper BKG. any negotiable instrument
            ayable to bearer, 1.¢. to the person presenting
            it for payment.
            bearer scrip STK. EXCH. a temporary document
            ven toa person who has been allotted govern-
            ment bonds or a new issue of company deben-
            tures and has paid the first instalment. See
            definitive bond under bond. When all the instal-
            ments have been paid, the bearer scrip will be
            exchanged for a bearer bond or for a registered
            bond or for a scrip certificate.
            bearer security STK. EXCH. a security for which
            an official record (registration) of ownership is
            not needed, the legal owner being the person
            actually in possession of the security. Such
            securities are negotiable instruments and own-
            ership in them can be freely passed from one
            person to another without formality. Syn.
            bearer certificate; bearer share; bearer stock:
            floater.
            bearer share see under share.
            bearer stock see bearer security.
            bearish STK. EXCH. of market conditions, having
            a tendency to falling prices; expecting share
            prices to fall; expressing an unfavourable out-
            look. Opp. bullish.

            bear market see under market.

            bear position STK. EXCH. the trading situation
            of a bear in the stock market who finds that
            he has contracted to deliver more securities
            than he possesses. Syn. short position. Cf. bull
            position.

            bear raid see bear campaign.

            bear run STK. EXCH. a period during which sellers
            have been active and prices have been falling.
            Syn. bear market. Opp. bull run/market.

            bear squeeze see squeeze (2).

            bear tack see bear campaign.

            bear transaction see under transaction.

            beat down com. to argue with somebody to
            make him lower his price: J beat him down from
            £8 to £5.

            bed-and-breakfasting FIN., STK. EXCH. &
            TAXN. selling an asset one day and buying it
            back the next in order to show a capital loss
            to offset against capital gains made on selling
            other assets.

            v. to bed and breakfast: Unit trusts may be less
            expensive to bed and breakfast than shares.
            adj. bed-and-breakfast operations.

            Bedaux system IND. one of a number of wage
            systems which, by measuring exactly the
            amount of human effort needed to make an
            article, aims to pay each worker not only a fair
            wage for work done, but also an incentive,
            re. some extra money to encourage greater
            Production. Syn. Bedaux point system.

            beneficial owner - 55
            Beds. Bedfordshire, England.
            beds. bedrooms.

            bed-sit. bed-sitting room.

            before-tax profit see under profit.

            beggar n. (1) a person who makes a living

            by begging (asking for gifts of money, food,
            etc.). (2) a poor person, esp. one needing help
            or understanding. Poor beggar! poor fellow.
            Beggars can't be choosers, beggars have no
            choice, so must take what they are given.
            v. to make poor; to ruin: He beggared himself
            and his family by gambling.
            beggar-my-neighbour policy used to describe the
            policy adopted by many countries during the
            economic depression in the 1930s. Ways of
            increasing employment, such as import restric-
            tions and devaluation, were introduced by
            many countries regardless of the effect on
            others. This led to a sharp fall in international
            trade, from which all countries suffered.
            behaviourally anchored rating scales MAN.
            a method of assessing an employee’s perform-
            ance, which takes as its basic measure the tasks
            achieved in a given period, rather than the
            amount of time spent working in that period.
            Abbr. B.A.R.S.

            behind (1) late, esp. in making regular payments
            such as rent or instalments: You are behind
            in/with your rent. In debt. Syn. in arrears. (2)
            supporting with money or influence: A financier
            is behind the venture.

            Belgium-Luxemburg Economic Union
            (B.L.E.U.) an economic association begun in
            1921 and still in existence, although the two
            countries have since joined with the Nether-
            lands to form Benelux. Both are members of
            the E.E.C.

            below par STK. EXCH. (of a share) priced below
            its nominal or face value. Cf. at par; above
            par. See par.

            below the line see above the line.

            bench mark (1) a permanent mark cut on a
            wall, rock, etc., by a surveyor to record the
            exact height of that place above sea level.
            Hence (fig.) any firm basis for comparison.
            (2) in statistics, accurately-measured economic
            data used as a basis for comparing other figures
            that are only approximations. (3) COMP. a test
            program to find out how well a computer per-
            forms certain work. Abbr. B.M.

            benchmark job see under job.

            benefice (1) a place where a priest is employed
            by a church. (2) the money he receives from
            the church. Syn. living.

            beneficial owner Law (of property) the person
            who has the right to live in a property, to use
            it as he wishes, and to receive and use any
            income or produce it may bring in, although
            he may not actually possess the full ownership,
            e.g. in the case of leasehold property. See a/so
            beneficial ownership under ownership.



                evince -p 66 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &


            56 - beneficiary

            NSCE. a person or object
            d to benefit from a will,
            trust or insurance policy, as distinguished from
            trustees who only hold the trust
            executors or ee douawel
            property for the good of the beneficiary an
            not for their own profit. Syn. cestul que best
            (2) any person who has a right to receive a
            benefit.

            benefit (1) something to one’s advantage,
            interest or profit: The benefit of a university
            education. The rate of exchange was to my benefit,
            in my favour. Something done that is for the
            good of a person or thing: A frustee holds
            property for the benefit of the beneficiaries. (2)
            MAN. something given to an employee in
            addition to his salary or wages, to save tax
            or to encourage hard work. Syn. employees’
            amenity; fringe benefit; perquisite. (3) INSCE.
            money, usu. an allowance, paid under an
            insurance policy for some kinds of losses, or
            given by the government to people who cannot
            earn by working, such as disability, industrial
            injury, maternity, sickness, unemployment and
            death benefits. (4) a theatrical performance or
            game at which the money collected is given as
            a present to an actor or player who is retiring.

            benefit club a non-profitmaking organization,
            esp. in the U.S.A., that provides its members
            with mutual insurance in the event of sickness
            or accident, and with help in old age. See
            friendly society. A/so benefit association; ben-
            efit society.

            benefit in kind MAN. something extra given to
            an employee, other than money, in return for
            his services, such as free meals, the use of a
            house or car, or a luxury holiday. Syn. fringe
            benefit.

            Benelux a customs union formed in 1947 by
            Belgium, the Netherlands and Luxemburg.
            Internal tariffs no longer exist and there are
            common external tariffs, free movement of
            capital and labour and a common aim to com-
            bine financial and monetary systems. The
            Benelux countries joined the E.E.C. in 1958.

            bent (British collog.) dishonest, ready to accept
            bribes. A bent official/policeman. Opp. straight.

            Bentham Jeremy (1748-1832), English philos-
            opher, lawyer and economist of the Classical
            School. He was the first to advance the idea
            of utilitarianism: that Man’s economic and
            political behaviour is influenced by pleasure
            and pain, both of which can be measured, and
            that the utility (usefulness) of an institution
            such as a law or a custom depends on how
            far it produces ‘the greatest happiness of the
            greatest number’. His main works were:
            Defence of Usury (1787), Principles of Morals
            and Legislation (1789) and Manual of Political
            pene (1825), in which he sees laissez-faire
            apa aaa eeu toe

            | on. His writings and teachings

            beneficiary (1) Law &!
            (e.g. a charity) intende


            ee |



            resulted in many changes for the better in the
            law and in government administration.

            Bentley's telegraphic code see code (4).

            bequest LAW personal property given to some-
            body under a will. Syn. legacy. See beneficiary,

            Berks. Berkshire, England.

            berth sHIPG. (1) a space in a harbour where a
            ship may lie, either at anchor or, more usu.
            tied up at a quay, dock or wharf. A ship on the
            berth, unloading, ready to unload. See also
            accommodation berth; appropriated berth
            under accommodation berth; quay; wharf. (2)
            a narrow bed or other sleeping-space in a ship
            or train: A two-berth cabin. A first-class berth.
            Syn. bunk; couchette; sleeper (train only). (3)
            (collog.) a situation as an employee: He has
            found a good berth as sales manager. —

            berthage sHIPG. a charge made to shipowners
            by a port for the use of a berth; sometimes a
            charge for the use of a barge. Syn. dockage;
            berth charge. Cf. groundage.

            berth bill of lading see under bill of lading.

            berth cargo SHIPG. cargo carried at cheap rates
            to fill up empty space in a ship.

            berth charge see berthage.

            berth charter sHIPG. a charter which does not
            state the kinds of cargo to be carried.

            berth clause SHIPG. a clause in a charter-party
            stating that the hire of the ship shall not start
            until the day that loading begins, thus avoiding
            payment for days when the ship has to wait
            for her turn to berth. Syn. twin-berth clause.

            berth freight see berth rates.

            berth owner SHIPG. a shipowner who offers to
            carry goods as a common carrier for anyone
            offering cargo. Syn. berth shipowner. See berth
            cargo.

            berth rates sHIPG. freight rates charged by reg-
            ular shipping lines for carrying goods as cargo.
            Syn. berth freight; berth terms; liner rates.

            berth terms see’berth rates. Abbr. b.t.

            B.E.S. Business Expansion Scheme.

            bespoke CoM. made to order, not mass-
            produced. Syn. custom-made.

            best buy com. & IND. a product which has been
            carefully tested and has been recommended by
            a consumer organization as giving the best
            value for money among competing brands.

            best price see under price.

            bet v. to risk one’s money against another per-
            son’s on the result of a race or other happening
            that has not yet taken place. Syn. wager.
            n. the making of an agreement to bet; the
            amount of money so risked. Syn. wager.

            beta factor sTK. EXCH. a measure of the per-
            formance of a security from the point of view
            of risk and the steadiness of its market price.
            A beta of unity (i.e. 1.00) is given to a share
            of which the price changes exactly according
            to the market; a share having a beta of greater
            than unity (e.g. 1.25) is an above-average per




                evince -p 67 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            former ; and one with a beta less than unity
            (e.g. 0.80) shows a performance below the
            average. Syn. beta coefficient. Cf. alpha factor.
            betterment LAW. & COM. an increase in the
            value of property caused by public improve-
            ments in the neighbourhood or by commercial
            development.
            betterment levy a charge made by government
            on owners of property which has risen in value
            because of public improvements or because it
            has been commercially developed.
            geveridge Sir William (1879-1963), English
            economist and social reformer. He greatly
            influenced government action in dealing with
            unemployment and produced a plan in 1942 on
            which was based the present British national]
            insurance system, started in 1947. Director
            of the London School of Economics, 1932-7:
            Liberal Member of Parliament, 1944—5.
            B.F. Banque de France.
            B/f., b/f. brought forward.
            B/G., b/g. bonded goods.
            bg., bgs. bag, bags.
            B/H bill of health.
            B’ham Birmingham, England.
            B’head Birkenhead, England.
            biannual half-yearly ; happening twice in a year.
            Interest is payable biannually on 1 January and
            1 July. Cf. biennial.
            bias ADVTG. in marketing research, errors in
            results from a sample. These are usu. caused
            by working with a sample which does not
            represent the target population, or by asking
            misleading or confusing questions.
            bid n. (1) CoM. an offer to buy something at a
            stated price, esp. at an auction sale: To make
            a bid. To enter a bid. A bid may be taken back
            at any time before a buyer has formally told
            the seller that he accepts it: To invite bids. To
            revoke, withdraw a bid. See counter-bid; sealed
            bid; tender (2) under tender. (2) the actual price
            stated in making an offer to buy: My bid of
            £5.50 was higher than his of £5.25. (3) STK.
            EXCH. the highest price that a buyer will pay
            for a particular security at a particular time.
            Cf. asked price, which is the lowest price that
            a seller will accept.
            Code on Bids see under code.
            leveraged bid an offer to buy the shares in a
            company by a bidder who borrows most of the
            money needed to pay for them. If he succeeds,
            he sells some of the company’s assets to repay
            the borrowed money. See asset-stripping.
            partial bid FIN. & STK. EXCH. a takeover bid
            made by a bidder for only a part (e.g. 55%) of
            the shares of a company in order to obtain
            Control without making an offer to all the
            Shareholders. Such bids are not allowed by
            those stock exchanges whose rules state that
            all the shareholders must be treated equally.
            takeover bid see takeover.


            bilateral trade agreements - 57

            v. (1) to make a bid, ie. an
            stated price an article fo
            auction sale: To bid £5
            make an offer, usu.
            recorded, when barg
            bid for a plot of land.

            bidders’ ring COM. a group of persons, usu.
            dealers, who secretly agree to act together at
            an auction sale to avoid competition in bid-
            ding. The purpose is for one of the group to
            get an article at a low price, to the seller’s loss.
            The article is usu. then sold elsewhere and the
            ring shares the profit. This practice is illegal.
            Syn. bidding ring. See knock-out agreement.

            bid price sTK. EXCH. (1) the price at which an
            intending buyer is willing to buy a stock or
            share, being the lower of two prices (bid price
            and offer price) quoted by a stockjobber. (2) of
            trust units, the price at which the management
            company will buy back units from unit-holders.
            Syn. buying price.

            biennial two-yearly ; happening every two years:
            The trade fair is biennial and is held only in oda-
            numbered years. Cf. biannual.

            Big Bang FIN., STK. & COMMOD. EXCH. The great
            change that took place in the City of London
            on 27 October 1986 when the old restrictive
            practices in British financial markets were
            stopped and a new system of negotiated rates
            and free competition began. Bankers, stock-
            brokers and jobbers were the most affected.
            Commissions on buying and selling shares are
            no longer fixed; ‘single capacity’, the strict
            separation of activities of jobbers from those
            of brokers, gave way to ‘dual capacity’; Stock
            Exchange membership, previously limited to
            individuals, is now open to corporations; and
            certain monopoly positions in the gilt-edged
            markets have been removed.

            Big Board stk. EXCH. (colloq.) a popular name
            for the New York Stock Exchange.

            big business see under business.

            Big Eight, The accts. the term given to the
            world’s largest accountancy firms, Arthur
            Andersen, Arthur Young, Coopers & Lybrand,
            Deloitte Haskins & Sells, Ernst & Whinney,
            KMG, Peat Marwick Mitchell, Price Water-
            house, and Touche Ross.

            Big Four, The BKG. the four largest joint-stock
            or commercial clearing banks in Britain. They
            are: Barclays, Lloyds, the Midland, and the
            National Westminster.

            bilateral contract see under contract, n.

            bilateralism ECON. a system, believed by some
            economists to be the very best way of organiz-
            ing international trade, by which each country
            balances its trade with every other country. See
            bilateral trade agreements. Cf. multilateralism.

            bilateral monopoly see under monopoly.
            bilateral trade agreements CoM. attempts
            made by national governments after the

            offer to buy at a
            r sale, esp. at an
            ) for a silver dish. (2) to
            In writing so that it is
            aining for property: To


                evince -p 68 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            SS ”-—“—O
            58 - bilingual

            ‘on of the 1930s to make the foreign
            fi ta each individual country coed
            The result was close to a system of barter an
            level of international
            it greatly reduced the teilat-
            trade. After the Second World War, mu at
            eral agreements under GATT replaced t -
            bilateral agreements as one of the means 0
            removing hindrances to world trade, but bilat-
            eral agreements still largely govern trade
            between the Western and the communist-bloc
            countries. Cf. multilateral trade. |

            bilingual able to speak and write two different
            languages well: A bilingual secretary. |

            bilk com. (collog.) dishonestly to avoid paying a
            debt; to run away from one’s creditors; to
            cheat: We have been bilked of our money. Syn.
            swindle. |

            bill m. (1) a word which has many meanings in
            commerce and the law, but always basically a
            formal written or printed document of some
            kind, its nature usu. being given by a word or
            words which go with it: Bill of health, bill of
            lading, bill of exchange, way-bill, money bill. (2)
            a note or list of charges for supplying goods or
            services: Waiter! Please bring me the bill. He
            pays his bills promptly. Let me settle the bill. See
            invoice; account; cash memo. (3) COM. & BKG.
            a written order to pay money: A bill of ex-
            change. (4) a notice; an advertisement: A bill
            of fare. Stick no bills. See handbill: billboard.
            (5) a certificate (i.e. a written declaration): A
            bill of health. (6) BKG. in U.S.A., a bank-note:
            A dollar bill (collog.), $1.00. (7) LAW in a lawsuit,
            a short form of bill of particulars (details), being
            a written statement of exactly what the plaintiff
            is claiming. (8) LAW (often with capital B) in
            Britain, the plan of a proposed new law which
            after being considered and passed by both
            Houses of Parliament, and after receiving the
            royal assent, becomes an Act of Parliament.
            money bill a bill dealing with the collecting of
            money by taxes and the spending of money for
            public purposes. Such a bill can have its origin
            only in the House of Commons and, if passed
            by the Commons, becomes law whether or not
            the House of Lords passes it.
            v. COM. (1) to advertise by public notice or bill:
            Actor X is billed to play Hamlet. (2) (U.S.A.) to
            perform the act of making and sending out
            bills (invoices) stating charges due for goods
            or services supplied: Please bill me for these
            articles. To bill goods.

            billboard (U.S.A.) ADvTG. a large board in a
            public position on which bills, i.e. advertise-
            7 ot are pasted. Syn. hoarding. See bill, n.

            bill book ACCTS. an account book in which are
            recorded details of all bills of exchange, both
            receivable and payable by a business, esp. in

            a trade or industry in which bills are frequently
            used as a means of payment.

            bill-broker see under broker.

            bill, discounted see discounted bill under pj1
            of exchange.

            bill, due see due bill.

            billet com. (collog.) a job; a situation as ap
            employee. Syn. berth. —

            billets & payer (French) bills payable. App,

            b.a.p. ,
            billets a recevoir (French) bills receivable.
            Abbr. b.a.r.

            billfold (U.S.A.) a folding pocket-case for Carry-
            ing bank-notes, esp. dollar bills. See bill, n. (6),
            Syn. (Britain) wallet; note-case; pocket-book-
            purse.

            billhead (1) CoM. a printed form with a heading
            giving the name and address, etc. of a business
            and used for bills, 1.e. for charging customers
            for goods or services. (2) the heading itself. Cf,
            letterhead.

            billing v. (1) COM. & ADVTG. (mainly U.S.A.)
            invoicing: A billing department/machine. (2)
            ADVTG. to advertise, esp. by public notices:
            Advance billing. See bill (4).
            n. ADVTG. in pl. billings, the total value of
            business done by an advertising agency with
            its clients in a year, sometimes used as a mea-
            sure of the importance of one agency with
            another. Judged by its billings of $20 million, our
            firm is one of the top three.
            billing clerk see invoice clerk.
            billing machine a special typewriting machine
            which can produce up to ten carbon copies,
            used esp. for export invoices.

            billion 1,000,000,000, a thousand million or mil-
            liard (107). Abbr. bn.

            billionaire a person who possesses assets worth
            a billion pounds, dollars, francs, etc.

            bill market see discount market.

            bill of adventure com. & sHIPG. a written dec-
            laration by a merchant that goods shipped in
            his name are owned by another person, who is
            in fact bearing the risks of the adventure.

            bill of costs accts. the detailed account of
            charges made by a solicitor for the work he
            has done for his client and of sums of money
            he has paid out for him esp. in court fees,
            counsel’s fees and witnesses’ expenses.

            bill of entry com. a written declaration by an
            importer or exporter giving details of goods
            which are being ‘entered’ at the Customs House
            for examination, etc. Syn. customs declaration;
            customs entry. Abbr. B/E.

            bill of exchange BxG. & com. ‘an unconditional
            order in writing addressed by one person to
            another, signed by the person giving it, requir-
            ing [ordering] the person to whom it is address-
            ed to pay on demand or at a fixed and
            determinable [which can be exactly decided]
            future time a sum certain in money to, or to
            the order of, a specified [exactly described]
            person or bearer.’ (British) Bills of Exchange



                evince -p 69 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            Act 1882. To have legal force the bill must state
            the exact money value of the sum certain, the
            date and place it was drawn, and the place
            it will be payable. It may be handwritten,
            typewritten or printed. It must name the person
            drawing it (the drawer), the person paying it
            (the drawee) and the person to whom it is to
            be paid (the payee). It may be payable on
            demand (when it is a demand bill/draft) or at
            sight (when it is a sight bill/draft) or at a fixed
            time after a stated inevitable event, i.e. one
            that cannot be prevented from happening, such
            as a certain person’s death (when it is a time
            bill). The bill is not binding on the drawee until
            he has written ‘accepted’ on it and signed it, so
            becoming the acceptor and the bill an accepted
            bill/draft or an acceptance. Formerly much used
            as a means of payment in home trade, bills of
            exchange are now used mainly in foreign trade.
            Note: a cheque is also a bill of exchange of a
            special kind. Syn. draft. Abbr. B/E; b.e. See
            also acceptance; cheque.
            acceptance bill one which is presented for
            acceptance, not for payment. Cf. payment bill
            below.
            accepted bill one across which the drawee (debt-
            or) has written ‘accepted’ and added his signa-
            ture, thus accepting responsibility for paying
            it when due. Syn. acceptance. Opp. unaccepted
            bill.
            accommodation bill see separate entry.
            advance bill see separate entry.
            backed bill one which has been endorsed by a
            third party, usu. a bank or finance house, which
            thus makes itself responsible for paying it if
            the drawee fails to do so. Syn. guaranteed bill.
            bank bill see separate entry.
            banker’s bill see bank bill.
            bearer bill see separate entry.
            blank bill (1) one which does not mention the
            name of the payee. (2) one which does not
            mention the amount for which it is drawn, the
            acceptor leaving the figure to be added later
            by the drawer. Syn. blank acceptance.
            clean bill one which has no special conditions
            or any documents joined to it, esp. one which
            is a bank bill (accepted by a bank). Cf. docu-
            mentary bill.
            commercial bill one which is a payment for the
            sale of goods. Syn. mercantile bill; trade bill;
            commercial paper; mercantile paper.
            currency bill one drawn in foreign currency.
            D/A bill see documents-against-acceptance bill
            below.
            date bill see time bill below.
            demand bill see sight bill below.
            discounted bill one which has been bought by
            a bank (or discount house or broker) for a price
            that is lower than the value of the bill when it
            becomes due for payment. The difference is

            the banker’s discount or discounting charge

            bill of exchange - 59

            which is the price that the person discounting
            the bill Pays for getting his money early instead
            of waiting for payment on the due date. The
            rate of discount depends on the degree of risk
            that the bill will not be paid when due and on
            the length of time before payment is due.
            dishonoured bill one which the drawee (the
            debtor on whom it is drawn) has refused to
            accept, or which the acceptor (the person who
            has agreed to pay it) fails to pay when it is due.
            See dishonour (1),

            documentary bill one which is fastened to ship-
            ping documents such as bill of lading,
            insurance policy, invoice, dock warrant, etc.
            Cf. clean bill. Syn. document bill.
            documents-against-acceptance bill a bill of ex-
            change which the drawee must accept before
            the bank will give him the documents he needs
            in order to get possession of the goods. Cf.
            documents-against-payment bill below. Abbr.
            D/A bill.

            documents-against-payment bill a bill of exch-
            ange which the drawee must pay before the
            bank will give him the documents he needs to
            get possession of the goods. Cf. documents-
            against-acceptance bill above. Abbr. D/P bill.
            domestic bill (a) in U.S.A., one which is payable
            in the state in which it has been drawn. Cf.
            foreign bill; external bill. (6) in Britain, one
            which is payable in the country in which it is
            drawn. Syn. home bill; inland bill.

            domiciled bill one which is payable only at a
            particular place.

            D/P bill see documents-against-payment bill
            above.

            drawn bill in Britain, a foreign bill that has
            been negotiated (tranferred by endorsement)
            by the drawer to the London branch of a
            foreign bank. Cf. made bill.

            external bill (U.S.A.) one which has been
            drawn in one country and is payable in another.
            In Britain such a bill is called a foreign bill.
            finance bill (a) one which is not drawn for value
            received (e.g. to pay for goods) but which only
            promises to pay a stated sum of money on a
            certain day. Cf. promissory note. (6) a bill
            drawn by a government, esp. the British Gov-
            ernment, in order to borrow money from
            the public and known as a T; reasury bill. See
            Treasury bill. (c) a bill drawn by a bank or
            finance house in order to borrow money, usu.
            from a bank or finance house in another country.
            Syn. bank acceptance; bank bill; banker’s bill.
            fine bank bill see fine trade bill.

            fine trade bill see separate entry.

            foreign bill in Britain, one which is either drawn
            by a person who does not live permanently in
            the British Isles, or is drawn by a person who
            does live permanently in the British Isles upon
            a person who lives permanently abroad and is
            payable abroad. See also drawn bill above;


                evince -p 70 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &


            60 - bill of exchange

            land bill. Syn. long draft.
            wn in one state and

            Cf. domestic bill;

            made bill below. Cf. in
            In U.S.A., one which is dra
            payable in ae nem
            cane aa Bit that has been drawn,
            ken and endorsed by a firm of the highest
            credit.
            government bill see Treasury bill.
            guaranteed bill see backed bill above.
            home bill see inland bill below. 3
            hot bill (a) a bill of exchange which will become
            payable within the next few days. (0) a Treas-
            ury bill which has only just been bought and
            therefore has a relatively long time to go before
            it matures (becomes payable).
            house bill a bill drawn by a foreign branch of
            a firm or company on its head office. Thus the
            drawer and acceptor are the same person or
            organization. Syn. house paper.
            incomplete bill see inchoate instrument.
            inland bill (Britain) one which is both drawn
            and payable in the British Isles or is drawn in
            the British Isles upon a person living perma-
            nently in the British Isles. Any other bill is a
            foreign bill. Cf. domestic bill; external bill;
            foreign bill. Syn. home bill.
            investment bill one which the owner has bought
            at a discount with the object of holding it as
            an investment until it becomes due for pay-
            ment. The profit made is the amount of the
            discount.
            long-dated bill one which is drawn to be payable
            after a long period, usu. of three or more
            months. Syn. long-dated paper.
            made bill in Britain, a foreign bill that has been
            negotiated (transferred by endorsement) to a
            London banker or correspondent. Cf. drawn
            bill.
            mercantile bill see commercial bill above.
            original bill one that has been discounted before
            being endorsed.
            overdue bill one which has not been paid on
            the due date; if it is payable on demand it is
            considered to be overdue when it has been in
            existence for an unreasonable time. Syn. past-
            due bill.
            paid bill one that has been paid by the due
            date.
            past-due bill see overdue bill above.
            payment bill one which is presented for pay-
            ment, not for acceptance. Cf. acceptance bill.
            period bill see usance bill below.
            prime bill one which is regarded as being a
            first-class credit risk, i.e. the chances of its
            being dishonoured are so small as to be not
            worth considering. Opp. non-prime.
            renewed bill a new bill that is accepted in
            place of one maturing, to give more time for
            payment. Cf. re-draft.
            respectable bill see fine trade bill.
            retired bill one which has not been held until

            —————— ——— i +
            ———————————“<—~:


            it matures (becomes due for payment) either
            because it has been paid early or because jt has
            been replaced by one or more new bills. ¢
            when the period of credit has been extended.
            short bill one payable at sight, on demand Or
            within ten days.
            sight bill one payable ‘at sight’, i.e. on presen-
            tation to the debtor, regardless of the date on
            which it was drawn. Syn. sight draft: demand
            bill; demand draft. Cf. time bill or draft.
            sole bill see sola.
            term sight bill see time bill below.
            time bill one which is payable at a fixed o,
            stated time; if payable at a stated number of
            days after the date the bill was drawn, it is
            called a date bill or date draft; if it is payable
            a stated number of days after presentation it
            is called a term sight bill or draft.
            trade bill one used in trade, 1.e. in paying for
            goods bought. Syn. commercial bill. See fine
            trade bill.
            Treasury bill see separate entry; also finance bill
            (b) above.
            usance bill one which is payable ‘after sight’,
            i.e. a stated number of days after it is first
            presented to the debtor. Cf. sight bill. See
            usance. Syn. period bill: term bill.
            bill (of exchange) in a set BKG. & COM. foreign
            bills of exchange are usu. drawn in a set of two
            or three parts numbered ‘First of Exchange’,
            ‘Second of Exchange’, etc., all of which bear
            the same wording except that each mentions
            the other(s). Payment is made on presentation
            of any one of these parts, the other parts then
            ceasing to have any effect. See duplicate of
            exchange; second via; sola.
            bill of Exchequer FIN. a promissory note issued
            by the British Government until the 1870s,
            but now replaced by the Treasury bill. Syn.
            Exchequer bill.
            bill of fare a list of dishes served in a restaurant,
            Showing prices. Syn. menu; tariff.
            bill of health spc. a written declaration sign-
            ed by a consul or port official and given to
            the master of a ship before leaving a port,
            recording the health conditions there at the
            time, as well as the health of persons on the
            ship. Abbr. B/H.
            clean bill of health one which records that the
            port and the persons on the ship were free of
            infection.
            foul bill of health one which records the exist-
            i of infectious disease in the port or on the
            ship.
            suspected or touched bill of health one which
            records an uncertain situation, e.g. when there
            is common talk of an infectious disease being
            present.
            bill of lading sHipG. & BKG. a shipping docu-
            ment given by a shipowner or his agent or the
            master of a ship to the shipper acknowledging


                evince -p 71 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &



            "7 bgt os

            oods, recording their condition,

            eosin ere to deliver them in the same
            ST ediuen to the person named as consignee or
            * ecording to his order. The b/I also states the
            “ ditions under which the goods are carried,
            ii amount of the freight and other details.
            The consignee uses the b/l to prove his title,
            i.e. his right to take possession of the goods.
            The shipper or consignor may use the b/I as
            security when discounting a bill of exchange.
            The b/l thus serves three important purposes,
            being a receipt for goods carried, a contract to
            carry, and a documentary proof of title. Abbr.
            b.1.; b/l.; B/L.; B.L.; (p/.) Bs.L.; Bs/L.

            berth b/l one issued by a liner (a ship owned
            by a commercial shipping line and running a
            regular service) as distinguished from a ship
            working under a charter-party. Syn. liner b/I.
            blank b/l one which makes no mention of the
            name of the consignee; in such a case the goods
            are delivered to ‘bearer’, i.e. to any party in
            possession of the document.

            claused b/I see dirty b/1 below.

            clean b/l one which acknowledges that the
            goods were received by the shipowners in
            apparent good order and condition. Cf. dirty
            b/I.

            combined transport b/! see container b/1 below.
            container b/l a special kind of through b/1
            for use in shipping goods in containers (large
            sealed boxes transported by road, rail and ship
            without being opened). See through b/1 below.
            Syn. combined transport b/I.

            custody b/l a special kind of b/l used in the
            cotton trade and issued by shipowners or their
            agents to shippers while the goods are held in
            safe keeping at the port before the arrival of
            the ship.

            dirty b/l one into which the shipowners have
            put a clause stating that the condition of the
            goods or packing when received was unsatis-
            factory. Syn. claused b/1; foul b/l; unclean b/1.
            foul b/l see dirty b/1 above.

            groupage b/I one which groups together a num-
            ber of small shipments consigned to a number
            of separate consignees at the port to which
            the ship is going; a document used esp. by a
            forwarding agent and addressed to his corre-
            spondent in the country to which the goods are
            being shipped.
            inland waterways b/I one used for transport by
            boat on canals, rivers or lakes. Cf. ocean b/I.
            Syn. river bill.
            inward b/l one relating to goods arriving in the
            country. Cf. outward b/I. |

            liner b/l see berth b/1 above.

            ocean b/l the most usual kind of b/l used for
            consignments of goods carried by ocean-going
            ships, as distinguished from ships making voy-
            ages only on rivers, canals and lakes. Cf. inland
            Waterways b/l. Abbr. Oc. B/L.

            if oo —S —— 2° be YS) ———

            bill of sale - 61

            on-board b/] see shipped b/1 below.
            order b/l one which is made out ‘to the order’
            of the shipper, or of the consignee, or of a
            bank, and can therefore be endorsed by any of
            these in favour of another party. Cf. straight
            b/I.
            outward b/l one relating to goods leaving the
            country. Cf. inward b/lI. ,
            port b/l one signed by a responsible person
            acknowledging that he has received the goods
            at the port.
            railroad b/l (U.S.A.) one used for transport by
            railway.
            received b/l one which acknowledges goods
            which have been received for shipment but
            have not yet been loaded into a ship.
            river b/l see inland waterways b/I above.
            shipped b/l one which relates to goods already
            loaded into a ship. Syn. on-board b/I.
            straight b/l one which is not an order b/I but
            is issued to the consignee only, thus preventing
            it from being endorsed in favour of another
            party. Cf. order b/l. |
            through b/l one relating to a shipment which
            has to be handed over from one carrier to
            another during the journey.
            unclean b/I see dirty b/l above.

            bill-of-lading freight sHIPG. the freight paid
            by the shipper to the carrier for carrying goods
            for which a bill of lading exists (as dis-
            tinguished from chartered freight). A bill of
            lading will state that freight is payable either
            in advance or at destination, i.e. at the end of
            the voyage. If payable in advance, the bill of
            lading will not be given by the carrier until the
            freight has been paid; if payable at destination,
            the goods will not be handed over to the con-
            signee until the freight has been settled. Cf.
            chartered freight.

            bill of materials IND. a document stating in
            detail all the materials, parts, etc. including the
            number or quantity of each, and its price,
            which are necessary to manufacture a particu-
            lar product. Abbr. b.o.m. Cf. bill of quantities.

            bill of quantities inp. a document stating in
            detail all the materials, parts, etc. including the
            number or quantity of each and its price, and
            the labour costs, which are necessary for the
            building of a structure, e.g. a house, factory,
            bridge, etc., or the making of any engineering
            works. It is drawn up by a quantity surveyor
            and is used to obtain prices from contractors.
            Cf.- bill of materials.

            bill of sale (1) a document by which the owner
            of personal property (the grantor) transfers it
            to another party. Abbr. b.s.; B.S.; B/S.
            absolute b.s. one where the grantor hands the
            Property over without any right ever to repos-
            Sess it.
            conditional b.s. one where the grantor has a
            right to reclaim possession of the property



                evince -p 72 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &


            62 - bill of sight

            .e he has met certain stated conditions,
            ‘een of money advanced to him by
            Ae & MAR. INSCE. a legal document on
            records the change of ownership when a s Ip
            is sold; it is a document which Is accepted
            internationally as proof of ownership. It is the
            nautical equivalent of a conveyance. Syn. ship
            bill of sale. .

            bill of sight com. a document given to the
            Customs by an importer who cannot complete
            the customs entry papers because he lacks a
            proper description of goods sent to him from
            abroad. When the goods have been landed,
            the importer is allowed to examine them and,
            having now had a sight of them, 1s able to
            complete the entry papers by making a full
            description. This is known as perfecting the
            sight. Syn. bill of view; sight entry. Cf. sight
            bill. Abbr. B/St.
            bill of store Com. in Britain, a document giving
            permission of Customs to re-import, free of
            duty, goods that have been exported from Bri-
            tain less than five years before the date of re-
            importation. Cf. bill of stores, p/. (U.S.A.).
            Abbr. B/S.
            bill of stores sHIPG. in U.S.A., a document
            given by the Customs allowing a merchant ship
            to carry stores of food, etc. for the voyage free
            of duty. Cf. bill of store, sing. (Britain).
            bill of sufferance SHIPG. & COM. a document
            giving the permission of the Customs to land
            goods, esp. baggage, or to hold articles on
            board, esp. ship’s stores of dutiable goods,
            without producing detailed entry papers, but
            open to customs examination at any time. Syn.
            a sufferance; baggage sufferance. Cf. bill of
            sight.
            bill of victualling see victualling bill.
            bill of view see bill of sight.
            billposter a person employed in sticking bills
            or posters on hoardings, etc. Syn. billsticker.
            bill rate BKG. the rate of discount paid by banks,
            discount houses, etc. on bills of exchange. The
            rate varies partly according to the degree of
            risk of the bill not being met (Treasury bills
            having the lowest rate of discount, followed
            by bank bills and fine trade bills) and partly
            according to the current market rate of interest.
            bills for collection BKG. bills of exchange
            which are left by a customer with his bank to
            be collected when they mature (become due
            for payment). The bank keeps a record of such
            bills and credits the customer’s current account
            only when the amount of the bill has been
            collected. Syn. short bills. Abbr. B.C.
            bills payable (1) BKG. & Com. bills of exchange
            which, to the debtor, are those which he will
            have to pay when they mature (become due
            for payment). Cf. bills receivable (1). (2) ACCTs.
            the heading of an account in which a record is

            esp.
            the


            made of all bills of exchange which will have
            to be paid when each matures. Cf. bills receiy-
            able (2). Abbr. B.P.; b.p.; b/p.

            bills receivable (1) BKG. & Com. bills of ex-
            change which to the creditor (the person who
            is to receive money for the bills) are those
            which he is holding while they mature (become
            due for payment). Cf. bills payable (1). (2)
            acctTs. the heading of an account in which
            record is made of all bills of exchange which
            are being held until they mature or have been
            discounted (bought by a bank or discount
            house). Cf. bills payable (2). Abbr. B.R.; b.r.-
            b/r.; b. rec.

            billsticker see billposter.

            B.1.M. British Institute of Management.
            bimetallism ECON. & FIN. a monetary system
            having both gold and silver as standard metals
            for the coinage, with a fixed rate of exchange
            between the two metals, both being legal tender
            for an unlimited amount. The system was
            adopted in U.S.A. and on the continent of
            Europe during the nineteenth century but
            became difficult to manage when the world
            prices of the two metals changed greatly. The
            use of paper money in the present century
            made unnecessary the use of metals as a stan-
            dard basis for the coinage. Cf. monometallism.
            bin (1) in a shop, a container for storing things,
            esp. loose foodstuffs, e.g. corn, flour, tea, etc.
            (2) in an industrial concern, an enclosed space,
            large box or shelf for storing parts of products
            or the products themselves. (3) a container
            for rubbish: A dustbin; refuse bin (Britain);
            trashcan (U.S.A.).

            bin card a record card kept in or near a bin
            containing stock of an article, and on which
            receipts and issues of the article are recorded,
            together with the running balance and notes
            on when to re-order.

            bin number in a warehouse containing many
            bins, each bin being given a serial number,
            and the bins are arranged in bays which are
            lettered or numbered. Thus the bin number
            gives the position of any article stored in the
            warehouse so that it can be found quickly.
            binary system Comp. a numbering system, ideal
            for computers, which uses only two digits, 0
            and 1, in groups of eight for each letter or
            Character, and deals with powers of 2 (rather
            than powers of 10 in the decimal system).
            Thus:

            decimal 32 16 8 4 2 1

            binary” 25.24 4.23.22 i9h.ee90

            See also bit; byte. Refer to table on page 63.
            bind v. LAW to put under a legal duty: A
            contract binds the parties making it. An agree-
            a is not always binding in law. See bound,
            adj.

            binder Law & INSCE. a temporary form of con-
            tract intended to be a record of agreement
            while the formal contract document is being


                evince -p 73 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &


            a

            werk

            ee eel a



            binary figure decimal figure
            0


            recimal figure

            pinary system
            prepared. It binds ¢.g. an insurance company
            ‘o cover the risk, and is later replaced by the
            policy.

            binding in honour only see contract ‘binding
            in honour only’.

            birth certificate an official copy of the entry in
            the register of births, e.g. in Britain, recording
            the date and place of birth and the parentage
            of a particular person. This document is usually
            accepted, e.g. by insurance companies, as proof
            of the person's age.

            birth control see family planning.

            birth rate the number of births per thousand of
            the population, in a particular place or region,
            in a Stated year.

            B.1.S. Bank for International Settlements.

            bit (1) a piece, esp. a piece of money, a coin:
            A fivepenny/tenpenny bit. (2) in U.S.A., a coin
            of value 124 cents or one eighth of a dollar.
            A two-bit newspaper, one of no importance.
            (3) COMP. the smallest unit of computer
            information, an abbr. for binary digit, either
            0 or 1 (see binary system). To state the size
            of the memory-storage unit of a computer,
            multiples of bits are used, thus: kilobit
            103=1000 bits; megabit 10°= 1,000,000 bits;
            gigabit 109=1,000,000,000 bits;  terabit
            1012 = 1,000,000,000,000 bits. See also byte.

            bite n. (1) COM. (collog.) the showing of interest
            in an offer; acceptance of an offer: His house
            is for sale but he has not had a single bite, no
            one has shown any interest in buying it (a
            comparison to a fish taking the bait — a tempt-
            ing piece of food — on the hook of a fishing-
            line). (2) see byte.
            v. to deceive: to cheat: Once bitten, twice shy,
            a person who has been deceived will be cau-
            tious in future.

            biz (collog.) business, esp. show biz, the entertain-
            ment industry.

            bk. backwardation; bank; book.

            bkg. banking.

            bkge. breakage.

            bkrpt. bankrupt.

            bks. books.

            bl. bale: barrel.

            B.L. bill lodged; bill of lading.

            B/L bill of lading.

            b.I., b/I bill of lading.

            black adj. IND. REL. (of goods) forbidden by a
            trade union to be handled by its members

            blacklist - 63




            binary figure
            11 22 4 21 4 30
            0 23

            J1 23 + 20

            decimal figure binary figure
            64 1000000 26
            128 10000000 27

            in any way: Company X’s products have been
            declared black by the unions.

            n. ACCTS. (colloqg.) in Britain in the black means
            having a credit balance; making a profit; the
            opp. of in the red. But in other countries in the
            black can mean making losses.

            v. IND. REL. to order all members of a trade
            union to stop handling goods and performing
            services for an employer whose workers are on
            strike: The union has decided to black the prod-
            ucts of the company.

            black-coated workers IND. REL. workers in
            shops, offices, etc. who do not work with their
            hands, e.g. Civil Servants and local govern-
            ment employees, shop assistants, teachers,
            as distinguished from manual, industrial or
            factory workers. Syn. blackcoat; white-collar
            worker.

            Black Country IND. a crowded industrial area
            in the West Midlands of England, in the past
            made black by smoke from factory chimneys.

            black diamonds coal.

            black economy ECON. (collog.) work or services
            supplied by persons who pay no income tax on
            their earnings. Such income may be: earned
            legally but not declared to the tax authorities,
            who have no way of knowing that it has been
            earned (see moonlighting and ghosts); earned
            illegally, e.g. by smuggling or dealing in drugs;
            obtained by dishonesty, such as stealing money
            or goods from employers or the public; or
            received as reward wholly or partly in kind,
            such as free food and lodging, transport, cloth-
            ing, holidays abroad.

            blackleg (1) IND. REL. an impolite name given
            by trade unionists to: an employee who refuses
            to stop working during a strike; or to a person
            who does the work of a striker; or to a worker
            who refuses to be a member of a trade union;
            or, being a member, acts against the union’s
            interests. Syn. strike-breaker; scab; fink. (2) a
            person of very bad character; a swindler esp.
            on a race-course.

            blacklist or black list (1) Com. a secret list of
            persons or organizations reported to be dis-
            honest or not otherwise trustworthy with whom
            traders are advised to deal cautiously or not at
            all. (2) IND. REL. a secret list of persons who
            are known to be active trade unionists. The
            list is usu. made and kept by an employers’
            association as a way of making sure that per-


                evince -p 74 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &


            a See = - ie
            ee i ee

            — i ¢ 7 ae a ue -
            . t ah ke ‘ rs
            +e “ae f p= ah : we 4 5 a = Leip
            \ : i a Aca = | lk , i a
            ee ; r yt er " Ue t iar 3 :  e de <
            . k : my ‘7 Kk ’ r on ii a oma — 2
            —_ _ r ae J ly F bs i ey pa I een 5 a. =
            I. hb eee | oe bee. gee SEP esis igi Me Pe. Ege
            og ae .





            64 - blackmail

            acklist are not given employment.
            business and industrial organi-
            nions consider to be

            sons on the bl
            (3) a list of
            zations whom the trade u

            bad employers. See boycott. |
            oiabkcvat awe the crime of demanding money

            by threats of injury ‘ anni Cf. extortion.
            rket see unaer mi i
            ce Sa tee a person who trades in a black
            arket.

            neck money (1) FIN. money that has been made
            unlawfully and has been stored away, usu. 1n
            currency notes. (2) TAXN. money that has been
            received as income but has not been declared
            to the income-tax authorities.

            black payment MAN. a secret payment made
            illegally by an employer to an employee who
            thus evades (escapes) paying income tax on It.

            Black Sea berth terms SHIPG. a contract under
            which a ship chartered to carry a cargo of grain
            or seeds may, if the charterers so wish, carry
            general cargo.

            blank plain; wholly or partly bearing no writing;
            an empty space for words or figures to be
            written in: A blank sheet of paper. A form with
            spaces left blank. A blank space. Abbr. blk.
            in blank (of a form or document) left with
            spaces to be written in.
            blank acceptance see blank bill of exchange
            under bill of exchange.
            blank bill of exchange see under bill of exchange.
            blank bill of lading see under bill of lading.
            blank cheque (U.S.A. check) BKG. one which
            the drawer signs but in which he leaves the
            amount blank, trusting the payee or some other
            authorized person to write in the proper figure
            when it has been decided.
            blank credit BKG. a letter of credit which does
            not mention any fixed amount of money. See
            letter of credit.
            blank endorsement or indorsement see under
            endorsement.

            blanket bond see under bond, n.

            blanket insurance see under insurance, classes
            and kinds of.

            blanket mortgage see mortgage.

            blank transfer sTK. EXCH. & LAW a share trans-
            fer form which the registered owner of shares
            has signed but in which he has left the spaces
            for the name of the transferee and the date
            of transfer blank. Blank transfers are often
            deposited with a bank when shares are used as
            security for a loan. They are also given to the
            real owners by a person who holds shares as a
            nominee. The holder of a blank transfer can
            simply complete the blank spaces in the form
            tae
            transfer in blank. ae ED

            bidg. building.

            weet inp to get money from

            gtul means, e.g. threats: To

            someone by
            bleed a person


            white, to ruin him by wrongfully getting all his
            money.

            blend com. a mixture of two or more substances
            or commodities so that it becomes impossible
            to separate them, ©¢.g. of tea, of coffee, of
            tobacco, of wine, of spirits.

            B.L.E.U. Belgium-Luxemburg Economic Union.

            ‘B’ licence see ‘A’ licence. — ;

            blind carbon copy see blind copy.

            blind copy a carbon or other copy of a letter sent
            to someone for his information and without the
            knowledge of the addressee. Syn. blind carbon
            copy. Abbr. b.c. |

            blind test ADVTG. in marketing research, a prod-
            uct test where a consumer tests one or more
            products without knowing the name of the
            product. This ensures that only the qualities of
            the product influence the tester’s judgments,
            and not external influences such as advertising,
            brand image, etc. The method is often used to
            test new products against established brands.

            blister pack ADVTG. a promotional form of
            packaging where the product Is moulded onto
            a board backing by tightly fitting transparent
            plastic, thus allowing the consumer to see the
            product without having to open a packet or
            remove the product from the shelf.

            bik. black; blank; bulk.

            bloc ECON. & FIN. (1) a group of countries which
            are united in having the same economic in-
            terests or in using the same or similar methods,
            esp. of managing their currencies. See dollar
            bloc, sterling bloc. (2) any group of persons
            banded together for a common purpose, e.g.
            the farm bloc in the U.S. Congress.

            block n. (1) STK. EXCH. a large number of shares
            in the same company, usu. sold as a single unit.
            Syn. lot; parcel (of shares). (2) a large building.
            (3) (U.S.A.) part of a town, esp. a group of
            buildings, enclosed on all sides by streets. (4)
            a metal printing plate for letterpress printing.
            (5) a group of things forming a unit, e.g. a
            block of seats in a theatre, etc.
            v. FIN. & BKG. (esp. of a government) to act to
            limit the freedom of people to spend or move
            money abroad. See blocked account; blocked
            currency.

            blockade sHIPG. & com. the situation when the
            government of a country which is at war for-
            bids all trade by. land, sea or air with the
            enemy. International law allows this right to
            any country at war, and ships of neutral coun-
            tries have to obey or suffer capture. Blockade-
            miner a person or ship attempting to pass
            through a blockade.

            blocked account BKG. a bank account in a

            country which has a blocked currency. Money

            in a blocked account can be spent only in the

            country in which the bank keeping the account
            is situated.

            blocked currency BKG. & FIN. one which, by


                evince -p 75 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            ll

            ; government order (usu. In wartime), may be
            spent only within the home country and cannot
            be exported or changed into any other cur-
            rency. Opp. free currency. Syn. blocked ex-
            change.

            blocked exchange see blocked currency.

            block grant see under grant.

            block graphics see under graphics.

            block insurance see under insurance, classes
            and kinds of.

            block offer STK. EXCH. a special offer by man-
            agers of a unit trust to sell units to the public
            at a price which remains fixed for a limited
            period.

            ' block vote IND. REL. in Britain, the system

            , of voting at Trades Union Congress where

            delegates do not vote as single individuals but
            as representatives of the number of members
            of their branch.

            blood money (1) money paid to a person for

            killing someone. (2) money paid for giving
            information leading to the arrest of a criminal.
            (3) a payment which a murderer was at one
            time forced to make to the family of the person
            killed.

            bloodsucker (1) an evil person who lives by

            another person’s earnings. (2) a person who

            : unjustly obtains money from another. Syn.

            sponger.

            blower (colloqg.) a telephone.

            blow-up ADVTG. a much-enlarged photograph,

            esp. one used when arranging a show of goods,
            e.g. at an exhibition.


            ' bls. bales; barrels.
            blue v. (collog.) to waste money by unwise spend-
            t ing: He blued a fortune on idle living.

            blue book see Central Statistical Office.
            blue chip sTK. EXCH. a commercial or industrial
            share of the highest class among investments.
            J A blue-chip company must be well known,
            ‘ have a large paid-up capital, a good record in
            | paying a high rate of dividend in good times
            4 and bad, a highly-skilled and progressive man-
            : agement, and must provide a safe investment.
            z Cf. gilt-edged securities. Syn. alpha stocks.
            blue-chip rate see prime rate.
            _ blue-collar workers IND. factory workers (in
            reference to their blue working clothes). Cf.
            white-collar workers.
            blueprint (1) a photographic print of a drawing
            or diagram, which appears as white lines on a
            blue background, used esp. by builders and
            engineers for their plans. (2) (collog.) any detail-
            ed plan of future action: An economic blueprint,
            a plan for managing the economy.
            blue-sky laws LAW in U.S.A., certain state
            laws which are intended to protect investors
            <— buying valueless securities (‘pieces of blue
            Sky’).
            bluff v. to mislead by purposely deceiving a
            Person: He was bluffed into thinking that the


            board of directors - 65

            business was worth buying. You can’t bluff me!
            To behave in an insincere or deceitful manner.
            n, the act of bluffing: J called his bluff, called
            upon him to carry out his threat.

            blurb (1) ADVTG. a publisher’s short notice or
            advertisement printed on the cover or jacket
            of a book. (2) any piece of writing which
            praises someone or something unjustly,

            Bivd., blvd. Boulevard.

            B.M. British Monomark; bench mark.

            b.m. board measure.

            B.M.T. basic motion timestudy.

            bn billion.

            B.N. bank-note.

            bnkg. banking.

            B.N.S. buyer no seller.

            b.o. branch office; broker’s order; buyer's
            option; broker’s option.

            b/o. brought over.

            board v. & n. (1) to go on board: To board a
            ship/train/bus/coach/aircraft.
            by the board over the ship’s side, esp. of cargo
            or parts of the ship thrown or lost overboard.
            To go by the board, to be thrown away as
            useless.
            on board on or in a ship, plane, train or bus:
            To go on board, to go into or on toa ship. Syn.
            on shipboard.

            (2) to provide meals for someone: She boards
            students. She runs a boarding house. People board
            with her. (3) to take one’s meals (with): He
            boards with his aunt. He boards out, takes his
            meals in a place away from where he lives.
            board and lodging an arrangement for accom-
            modation for living and sleeping, with meals
            provided.

            full board all meals provided, usu. three a day.
            half board breakfast and one main meal, usu.
            dinner, provided.

            boarding card SHIPG. & TRANSPT. a card given
            to passengers who have satisfied Customs and
            other formalities and therefore have per-
            mission to board a ship or plane. Cf. landing
            card. Syn. boarding pass.

            boarding house a house where lodging and
            meals are supplied. Cf. guest-house.

            board measure (U.S.A.) SHIPG. a unit of space
            taken by a cargo of timber; 1 board foot = 1
            in. X 12in. x 121n. = 144 cu. in.; 12 board
            feet = 1 cu. ft.; 100 board feet = 1 mille or
            834 cu. ft. Abbr. b.m.

            Board of Customs and Excise (B.C.E,
            B.O.C.E.) TAXN. in Britain, the government
            department that runs the customs and excise
            service and collects customs and excise duties
            and the value added tax. Its offices are in
            London. Cf. Board of Inland Revenue.

            board of directors MAN. the group of persons
            elected by the members (shareholders) of a
            company to carry on the management of the
            company; often called simply the board.


                evince -p 76 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            66 - Board of Inland Revenue

            board meeting MAN. a meeting of the board «
            directors of a company. Syn. directors’ mee
            ing. |

            board minutes a record of discussions an
            decisions at meetings of the board of director:
            boardroom a special room in which a board ¢
            directors holds its meetings.

            local board a board of directors appointed wit
            limited powers to manage a part of a company
            business in a particular area away from th
            company’s head office.

            Board of Inland Revenue TAXN. in Britair
            the government department that collects direc
            taxes on income and capital and the stam
            duties. Cf. Board of Customs and Excise.

            Board of Trade (B.0.T., B.o.T., BoT) for
            merly the government department in Britai
            dealing with trade, now become the Depart
            ment of Trade and Industry.

            board representation MAN. the inclusion o!
            the board of directors of the head of a particula
            department or group in the organization, e.g
            the head of the personnel department.

            boatage SHIPG. a charge made to the owners o
            a ship by a port for the services of a boat, e.g
            for taking ropes ashore when the ship is bein;
            tied up. Syn. boat hire; boatman charge.

            boat-deck sHIPG. the second highest deck in ;
            ship, where the lifeboats are kept and usu
            where the most expensive cabins in a passenge
            ship are situated. See deck.

            boatel Tour. a hotel beside a marina. Cf. aqua
            tel.

            boat-harbour a harbour for small boats. Syn
            boat haven; marina.

            boat-load sHiPG. (1) the amount of cargo tha
            a ship can carry when fully loaded: A thousanc
            tons of coal will just make a boat-load. (2) the
            kind of goods making up a ship’s cargo: We
            are expecting a boat-load of skins. Syn. ship-
            load.

            boat-train TOUR. & SHIPG. a special train to and
            from a port for the convenience of passengers
            travelling by ship.

            bob (colloq.) in Britain, a shilling, a former name
            of a coin, now the equivalent of five pence o1
            one-twentieth of a pound.

            B.O.C.E. Board of Customs and Excise.

            body copy ADVTG. the main text of an advertise-
            ment, as opposed to the headline or picture.

            body corporate a group of persons who have
            formed themselves by law into a corporation.
            See corporation.

            bogus appearing to be good but in fact totally

            bad. Syn. sham; fraudulent.

            bogus company one that is said by dishonest

            persons to exist but which is in fact only an

            excuse to persuade people to part with their
            money by buying bogus shares in it.

            bogus shares shares which appear real but are

            worthless because e.g. they relate toa company


            ate,
            —

            "Ur
            = ik
            7


            that does not exist or is concerned in a
            trick to take money from people.
            bogus transaction a deal in which one Part
            uses deceit to get money from the Other. ;

            B. of E. Bank of England.

            Béhm-Bawerk Eugene von (1851-1914)
            statesman and leader of the Austrian School of
            economists, noted esp. for his theory of Capital
            of marginal utility in relation to interest, and
            of ‘time preference’. His main works were
            Capital and Interest (1884) and Positive Theory
            of Capital (1889). Several times Finance Minie-
            ter of Austria, he became Professor of Feo.
            nomics in Vienna in 1904. See Austrian Schoo}.

            boiler-room (U.S.A.) an illegal organization
            using the telephone and other direct methods
            of persuasion to sell risky or valueless securities
            to the public. Syn. boiler shop.

            bolshevism the teachings and beliefs of the
            Russian Communists. The system of govern-
            ment which resulted from the Revolution of
            1917, the State having central control of eco-
            nomic production and distribution, the whole
            being based on the soviets, social organizations
            run by the workers. Adj. bolshevik. N. personal
            Bolshevist. Cf. communism.

            bolt in the textile industry, a roll containing
            many metres of cloth. Cf. piece-goods.

            b.o.m. bill of materials.

            bomb (collog.) much money. Her dress cost a
            bomb. They have spent a bomb on their house.

            bona fide adv. (Latin, in good faith) honestly,
            truthfully, with good intentions: He acted bona

            fide.
            adj. (with hyphen) A bona-fide offer. Opp. mala
            fide.

            deceitfy|

            bona fides n. honesty; sincerity; truthfulness: /
            do not accept his bona fides, 1 believe he is not
            acting in good faith.

            bonanza good fortune, great success in business:
            The new product proved to be a bonanza. (U.S.A.)
            a mine rich in ore, hence wealth.

            bon a vue (French) a sight draft. See sight bill
            under bill of exchange. Abbr. b.a.v.

            bond n. (1) COM., FIN. etc. a formal document
            promising to pay a sum of money (called a
            common money bond) or acknowledging the
            existence of a debt. The person bound by the
            bond is the obligor, the person receiving it is
            the obligee. If the bond makes no conditions
            about payment, it is called a single bond: but
            if it carries one or more conditions, e.g. the
            performance (or non-performance) of certain
            acts which will cause the document to be no
            longer binding, it is called a double or con-
            ditional bond. (2) STK. EXCH. (a) a general term
            for any fixed-interest security, esp. one issued
            by a government. (5) a document issued by a
            government or a company borrowing money
            from the public, stating the existence of a debt
            and the amount owing as principal and interest


                evince -p 77 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            ‘9 the holder of the document, called a bond-
            holder, who must use the document to obtain
            repayment of the loan. See bonds, n. pi. (3)
            com. the holding and storing under guard by
            the Customs and Excise of goods on which
            duty will have to be paid before they can be
            removed from the warehouse for use or sale.
            Goods so held are said to be in bond or under
            hond or bonded goods. See customs bond below;
            bonded warehouse. Abbr. bd.

            active bond a bond which bears a fixed rate of
            interest which is paid from the date when the
            bond is first put on the market. Most negotiable
            bonds are active. Cf. passive bond: deferred
            bond.

            adjustment bond in U.S.A., a bond resulting
            from the reorganization of a concern; called in
            Britain a reorganization bond.

            administration bond a bond which must be
            entered into by a person applying to the court
            for letters of administration to administer the
            estate of someone who has died without mak-
            ing a will. The bond promises that the adminis-
            trator will carry out his duties according to the
            law, under the punishment of losing double the
            value of the estate if he fails. :
            annuity bond a bond which has no stated
            maturity date and on which, therefore, interest
            is payable for ever, e.g. Consols. Syn. irredeem-
            able bond or stock; perpetual bond.

            appeal bond a bond which has to be entered
            into by an appellant to make sure that all costs
            and damages will be paid if he loses his appeal.
            Syn. judgment bond.

            assented bond a bond in the conditions of which
            the holder has agreed to accept a change. Syn.
            enfaced bond.

            assumed bond a bond issued by one borrower
            but later becoming the responsibility of another
            who has assumed, i.e. taken over, the liability
            to pay it. Syn. endorsed bond, indorsed bond.
            average bond a formal document prepared by
            the master of a ship and signed by the con-
            signee(s) before taking delivery of a shipment
            of goods, agreeing to bear a fair share of a
            general average suffered by the ship, as soon
            as the amount is known. See average (4).

            back bond a bond given to a surety, 1.e. a
            person who makes himself responsible for the
            performance of a duty by another person,
            promising to make good any loss he may suffer
            as a result of the other person failing to perform
            his duty. See indemnity bond; surety bond
            below,

            bail bond a bond which must be entered into
            by a prisoner awaiting trial if he is to be set
            free until his trial. The bond promises payment
            by himself and perh. others if the prisoner fails
            to appear in court at the proper time. See bail.
            bearer bond a bond which states that it is
            payable to the bearer, i.e. a bond which is not

            bond - 67

            registered (formally recorded) in the name of
            the holder. A bearer bond is a negotiable instru-
            ment. Cf. registered bond. Abbr. b.b.

            blanket bond an insurance contract protecting
            an employer in the event of loss caused by any
            act of dishonesty or failure to perform duties
            by any of his employees. Cf. fidelity bond;
            fiduciary bond; indemnity bond; surety bond.
            bottomry bond the formal document recording
            the conditions of a bottomry agreement on the
            mortgage of a ship.

            bulldog bond a fixed-interest bond issued on the
            British market by a foreign borrower; so called
            because this kind of dog is used to represent
            Britain.

            callable bond a bond which may be repaid
            whenever the borrower wishes, on his giving
            notice. Syn. redeemable bond. Cf. called bond.
            called bond one which has been called in on
            the proper date for repayment, no interest
            being payable after that date. Cf. callable
            bond.

            chattel mortgage bond (U.S.A.) a bond in which
            the borrower gives his chattels, i.e. movable
            property, as security for a loan of money.
            clean bond a government bond of which the
            price needs no adjustment to allow for accumu-
            lated interest, the interest having just been
            paid and no more having yet accumulated. Cf.
            dirty bond.

            collateral trust bond (U.S.A.) secured bond of
            which the collateral security is held by a trustee.
            common money bond one containing a promise
            to pay a sum of money.

            conditional bond one which makes one or more
            conditions. Syn. double bond. Cf. single bond.
            consolidated bond one issued for the purpose
            of consolidating, 1.e. combining, several other
            issues of bonds. Syn. unified bond; unified
            stock.

            continued bond a bond the holder may present
            for payment either on its maturity date or at a
            later date.

            contract bond see performance bond.
            convertible bond a bond, or debenture, which
            may be exchanged, if the holder so wishes, for
            another kind of loan stock or for shares at the
            date of maturity instead of being repaid. Cf.
            convertible loan stock.

            corporate bond one issued by a corporation or
            company. Cf. government bond; municipal
            bond below.

            coupon bond a bond, usu. a bearer bond, joined
            to a set of coupons, one of which the bond-
            holder gives up in exchange for the interest
            payment due on the date stated on the coupon.
            See also registered coupon bond; zero coupon
            bond below. Cf. registered bond.

            currency bond (a) in Britain, a bond which will
            be repaid in the currency of the country in
            which the bond was issued. (6) in U.S.A., a

            a

            a


            a
            =
            =
            ~
            4

                evince -p 78 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            0o - DONG

            bond which can be repaid in the currency of
            any country.

            customs bond a formal document given to the
            Customs and Excise by an importer when
            goods are placed on arrival in a bonded ware-
            house, promising to pay the import duty at the
            proper time. See bonded warehouse.

            debenture bond the formal document issued to
            the holder of debentures in a company or other
            organization. See debenture.

            deep-discount bond (U.S.A.) a bond, issued by
            a municipality or a firm, that pays only a low
            rate of interest but 1s sold at a big discount,
            i.e. at a price far below the face value of the
            bond. The investor thus receives a capital gain
            when the bond is repaid at face value on
            maturity.

            deferred bond one that pays a rate of interest
            which is low at the start, but gradually increases
            until after a stated time it reaches its full rate,
            when the bond becomes an active bond paying
            a fixed interest.

            definitive bond a permanent document given
            in exchange for a bearer scrip when all the
            instalments have been paid. See bearer scrip.
            deposit bond a British government National
            Savings bond that pays a premium (especially
            high) rate of interest, aimed at attracting from
            the public deposits of money not needed for a
            year or more. Interest is paid once a year at a
            variable but always competitive rate.

            dirty bond a government bond, the price of
            which needs to be adjusted to allow for accumu-
            lated interest. Cf. clean bond.

            discount bond a bond sold at a discount, i.e. at
            a price less than its face value or its value at
            maturity. Interest is payable, not annually, but
            in one sum at maturity. Cf. deep-discount
            bond.

            dollar bond in U.S.A., a bond which is payable
            only in U.S. dollars in U.S.A. even though it
            may have been issued in another country.
            double bond see conditional bond above.
            drawn bond a bond which 1s chosen for repay-
            ment by drawing lots.

            endorsed bond see assumed bond above.
            enfaced bond see assented bond above.

            equity bond a kind of share in a company,
            usu. a state-owned enterprise, which gives the
            holder the right to a share in the profits (the
            equity) but without the right to vote at com-
            pany meetings.

            escalator bond a dated loan stock of which the
            rate of interest varies according to market
            conditions.

            extended bond one of an issue of bonds, the
            holders of which, as a group, have agreed
            that the original maturity (repayment) date be
            changed to a later date.

            fidelity bond an insurance contract protecting
            an employer against loss caused by any act of

            dishonesty or failure to perform duties by an
            employee, e.g. a cashier. Cf. blanket bond:
            fiduciary bond; indemnity bond: surety bond.
            fiduciary bond a surety bond which a trustee
            (or other person in a position of trust or confi-
            dence) bringing a lawsuit has to enter into with
            an insurance company which promises to pay
            any damages or losses caused by a failure of
            the trustee, etc. to perform his duties. Cf,
            fidelity bond.

            first-mortgage bond (U.S.A.) a kind of debep-
            ture, being a loan at a fixed rate of interest for
            a fixed length of time on the security of the
            borrower’s assets. First-mortgage bondholders
            have first claim to be repaid out of those assets
            if the borrower cannot pay his debts.
            general mortgage bond (U.S.A.) a mortgage
            bond for which the whole of the property of

            the company is given as security.

            gold bond a bond, usu. issued by a government,

            of which the interest and repayment are pay-
            able in gold.

            government bond one issued by a department

            of the central government of a country and
            therefore bearing little or no risk of non-pay-

            ment. Cf. municipal bond below. In U.S.A.
            government retirement bonds are issued by the
            U.S. Treasury and Federal Reserve Banks for
            investment on maturity in Individual Retire-
            ment Accounts (I.R.As.).

            guaranteed bond one that is backed (guaran-
            teed) by a person or company other than the
            borrower.

            guaranty bond a special form of surety bond
            giving protection against loss arising from the
            failure of a named person to perform a stated
            duty.

            heritable bond in Scotland, a bond given by a
            debtor for a loan for which the security is a
            conveyance of land.

            income bond (1) a British government National
            Savings bond sold to the public in multiples of
            £1000, the interest being paid monthly at a
            varying rate but always competitive with mar-

            ket rates for similar investments. Income bonds

            are repayable at par after ten years, or earlier

            on three months’ notice. (2) See income deben-
            ture under debenture.

            indemnity bond the description given to all
            those kinds of bonds which provide for pay-
            ment of money in the event of loss caused by
            dishonesty or by the failure of another party

            to perform certain duties. See blanket bond,
            fidelity bond above: surety bond below.

            indexed bond a bond of which the rate of
            interest and the repayment sum are based on
            changes in the cost-of-living index, so that the
            bond maintains its value in actual buying-
            pawel. Syn. stabilized bond; purchasing-power
            ond.

            indorsed bond see assumed bond above.


                evince -p 79 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            instalment bond (U.S.A., installment bond) a
            bond of which the repayment 1s by a number
            of instalments over a stated number of years.
            instalment.
            | S easiele bond one that carries the right
            . of being exchanged for another bond if the
            holder so wishes. |
            ‘nterest bond a bond that is offered in payment
            of interest when the borrower cannot pay the
            interest in cash.
            ‘nterim bond a certificate given to a bondholder
            to prove his ownership while the bond docu-
            ment is being prepared.
            irredeemable bond see annuity bond above.
            joint and several bond a bond which is supported
            by two or more guarantors, i.e. persons who
            accept, both together and separately, full
            responsibility for paying the debt if the debtor
            fails to pay. See joint and several.
            judgment bond see appeal bond above.
            junk bond (1) a bond of little value. (2) one that
            gives a high yield but is issued by a company
            that has a low value put on it by the credit-
            rating agencies such as Moody’s and Standard
            & Poor’s. Often a bond issued at a high rate
            of interest by the new owners of a company
            which they have just bought by means of a
            leveraged buyout; the issue is made in order to
            obtain money to pay off part of the loans raised
            to buy the company. Such bonds are often
            : risky, not being backed by valuable assets and
            are therefore of low value in spite of the high
            rate of interest.
            life bond a document showing proof of the
            existence of an annuity contract.
            mortgage bond a formal document acknowledg-
            : ing a debt and making land and property the
            , security for its payment. See mortgage.
            municipal bond one issued, mainly in U.S.A.,
            by a state or local government authority. Also
            muni, p/. munis.
            option(al) bond a bond which can be repaid by
            the borrower at his option, 1.e. when he so
            wishes.
            option tender bond see put bond below.
            participating bond see profit-sharing bond
            below.
            passive bond one on which no interest is pay-
            ‘ able. Cf. active bond.
            4 penalty bond one which provides that a stated

            . sum of money (the penalty or punishment) is

            ; to be paid if a certain named party fails to

            x perform a promised duty, e.g. to complete a

            , building by the promised date. Syn. (U.S.A.)
            penal bond.

            ‘ performance bond an insurance protecting the
            ; Insured against the risk of a contractor failing
            to perform his contract. Syn. contract bond.
            perpetual bond see annuity bond above.
            post obit bond a bond promising to repay a
            loan, with interest, on the death of a certain

            bond - 69

            named person who is expected to leave the
            borrower money in his will.

            premium bond see premium savings bond.
            profit-sharing bond a bond which not only bears
            interest at a fixed rate but also earns a share
            in the profits of the borrowing concern, usu. if
            the ordinary shareholders’ dividend is greater
            than a certain fixed amount. Syn. participating
            bond. |
            property bond a bond issued by a life assurance
            company, the premiums being invested in a
            property fund.

            purchasing-power bond see indexed bond above.
            put bond in U.S.A. a bond issued by a mutual
            fund giving the holder the right to claim repay-
            ment at par (face value) at certain stated dates
            before normal maturity. Syn. option tender
            bond.

            redeemable bond see callable bond above.
            refunding bond a new issue of bonds to raise
            money to repay an earlier issue.

            registered bond a bond of which the holder’s
            name is registered, i.e. recorded, by the issuing
            concern. Such bonds do not usu. have coupons,
            but see registered coupon bond below.
            registered coupon bond a bond of which the
            name of the owner is registered (officially re-
            corded) by the issuing concern but which has
            coupons payable to bearer. See coupon bond
            above.

            removal bond one promising to pay any duty
            that may be chargeable on imported goods
            removed from a customs warehouse for manu-
            facturing or processing before being re-export-
            ed.

            reorganization bond see adjustment bond above.
            replevin bond see under replevin.

            savings bond see separate entry.

            secured bond one that is backed (guaranteed)
            by a collateral security or a mortgage. Cf.
            unsecured bond below.

            serial bond a fixed-interest security that matures
            at one of several stated future dates, the actual
            date to be chosen by the bondholder to suit his
            future needs, e.g. to provide for his retirement
            or the expense of a child’s education or mar-
            riage.

            single bond one which makes no conditions
            about payment. Cf. conditional bond; double
            bond.

            stabilized bond see indexed bond above.
            sterling bond a bond issued by a foreign country
            but payable in sterling currency.

            straw bond (U.S.A.) one that is supposed to be
            a secured bond but is in fact a fraud because
            the security backing it is worthless or does not
            exist.

            surety bond a formal agreement by a person
            (called a guarantor) to pay a stated sum of
            money if a certain party fails to perform a duty

            he owes to another party, e.g. to pay a debt by
            4 ee



                evince -p 80 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &



            70 - bond certificate

            a stated date. Such bonds often take the form of
            ce contract, the insurance company

            an insuran
            being the guarantor.

            transferable bond usu. a
            ship of which can be
            passed from one person
            the change of owner being recor

            nization that issued the bond. |

            rivekes bond (a) (U.S.A.) a bond issued by
            the U.S. Treasury. (6) any bond held by the
            organization that issued it and kept in its
            treasury, either because it has not yet been sold
            or because it has been bought back by the
            organization. Cf. Treasury bill. Abbr. T-bond.
            unified bond see consolidated bond above.
            unsecured bond one that is not backed (guaran-
            teed) by any security. Cf. secured bond.
            yearling bond see local (authority) loans.
            zero coupon bond one on which there is no
            coupon, i.e. no interest is paid but which 1s
            issued, usu. by a company, at a very large
            discount off its nominal or face value. A com-
            pany issuing such bonds has the advantage of
            not paying any interest during the life of the
            bonds, but when they mature, the cost of pay-
            ing the holders the full nominal value is heavy.
            The U.S. Treasury issues such bonds, some-
            times called zeros.
            v. to put (goods) into bond. See bond, n. (3).

            bond certificate STK. EXCH. in Britain a tem-
            porary document of acknowledgment given to
            a person who has bought bearer bonds. It will
            be exchanged later for the bond itself when the
            bond is ready. In U.S.A., the bond itself, see
            bond (2).

            bond creditor CoM. & FIN. a creditor (a person
            to whom money is owed) who has been given
            a bond signed by the debtor promising to pay
            the debt. The holder of such a bond is said
            to have his debt ‘secured’ by the bond. Syn.
            bondholder.

            bonded carman TRANSPT. a carrier specially
            licensed by the Customs and Excise to carry
            goods which are in bond. See bond, n. (3).

            bonded factory IND. & TAXN. a factory which
            has been licensed by the government to stock
            and handle dutiable goods used in processes of
            manufacture, the duty being paid only when
            the goods leave the factory. Such factories are
            kept under close control by customs and excise
            officers. In U.S.A., called bonded manufacturing
            warehouses. Cf. bonded warehouse.

            bonded goods com. goods held in a bonded
            warehouse. See bond, n. (3). Abbr. B/G; b/g.

            bonded manufacturing warehouse sce
            bonded factory.

            bonded stores supa. ship’s stores needed for
            = On a voyage and placed in bond with the
            eee 4 port. By special arrangement

            | can be moved from the bonded

            bearer bond the owner-
            freely transferred, 1.€.
            to another without
            ded by the

            warehouse to the ship without payment of duty.
            Cf. bonded goods.
            bonded vaults COM. & TAXN. a special bonded
            warehouse, usu. underground, for storing wines
            and spirits on which import or excise duty has
            not been paid, i.e. which are in bond.
            bonded warehouse COM. & TAXN. a building
            in which dutiable goods may be stored under
            the control of customs and excise officers unti|
            the duty has been paid. Many importers and
            producers use such warehouses in order not to
            have to pay the duty until the goods are
            required for production or are about to be
            sold. Bonded warehouses may be privately-run
            concerns the owners of which have given a
            bond to the government promising to carry out
            their obligations correctly; or they may be
            publicly owned, in which case they are called
            government-bonded or customs warehouses. See
            bond, n. (3). Syn. bonded store. Cf. bonded
            factory; bonded vaults. Abbr. B.W.
            bonder com. a person who gives the Customs
            a bond when putting goods into a bonded
            warehouse, promising to pay any duty and
            charges which may become due.
            bond fund see under mutual fund.
            bondholder (1) CoM. & FIN. a person who holds
            a bond given by a debtor as security for the
            debt. See bond creditor. (2) STK. EXCH. the
            holder of bonds issued by a government or
            commercial organization as fixed-interest loan
            stock.
            bonding 7. com. the putting of goods into bond.
            See bond, n. (3).
            bond market STK. EXCH. the market for govern-
            ment securities.
            bond note a note signed by a customs and excise
            officer allowing goods to be removed from a
            bonded warehouse or factory. See bond, n. (3).
            Syn. Customs warrant; trans-shipment note.
            bond of credit see cash credit.
            bonds 7. p!. STK. EXCH. in the plural, an accepted
            word for bearer bonds, esp. those issued by
            governments. Any securities payable to bearer.
            bondsman LAw & CoM. a person who is bound
            by a bond, esp. one who has become surety for
            another person.
            bond warrant com. a formal acknowledgment
            that certain goods are being held in a bonded
            warehouse. Such a document is negotiable, i.e.
            it can be passed from one owner to another by
            endorsement. Cf. warehouse-keeper’s receipt.
            Syn. warehouse warrant; (in U.S.A.) nego-
            tiable warehouse receipt.
            bondwashing STK. EXCH. (1) dividend-strip-
            ping. (2) in Britain, the act of selling a govern-
            ment bond soon before interest is due to be
            paid, thus turning income into a capital gain
            which used to be taxed at a lower rate than
            income; but in 1986 income tax became pay-
            able on interest earned up to the date of sale.



                evince -p 81 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            bons STK. EXCH. any document, esp. bonds issued
            by the French Government, on which appear
            the words ‘bon pour’ followed by a stated sum
            in francs, thus ‘bon pour 1000 francs’, meaning
            the bond is ‘good for 1000 francs’,
            bonus (1) COM. an extra allowance, over and
            above the usual discount, offered by producers
            to dealers for placing large orders esp. for a
            new product. A bonus is usu. expressed as a
            percentage of the value of goods bought, and
            the amount per cent may vary according to the
            size of the order. Cf. quantity discount. (2)
            IND. REL. & MAN. something extra; a special
            payment to employees over and above what is
            regularly due, usu. to encourage better work.
            or as reward for dangerous or unpleasant work.
            or to share out an excess of money. A/so (collog.)
            a bribe.
            cost-of-living bonus see separate entry.
            efficiency bonus a special reward for performing
            duties well.
            incentive bonus any kind of bonus which makes
            employees want to work harder; any extra pay
            for working well.
            merit bonus a special reward for doing very
            good work, beyond the call of duty. See also
            merit.
            performance bonus a payment of money by a
            company to a manager, usu. measured by the
            financial results of his division or department,
            such as a saving on budget, an increase in
            profit over the year before, or higher earnings
            per share of the company as a whole.
            premium bonus a bonus based on the time that
            the employee saves over the standard time
            allowed for doing the work. Syn. time-saving
            bonus.
            production bonus the payment of piecework
            rates for production above a fixed level, in
            addition to a daily wage.
            productivity bonus extra money given to a work-
            er to encourage increased production.
            task bonus a bonus paid if a task (piece of
            work) is completed in a fixed time.
            time-saving bonus see premium bonus above.
            bonus dividend see under dividend.
            bonus, insurance INSCE. an extra payment of
            a share of the profits of a life insurance com-
            pany or society to holders of ‘with-profits’ life
            assurance policies. A bonus may be paid either
            with the sum insured when it becomes due, or
            periodically. Syn. dividend.
            cash bonus see separate entry.
            compound bonus one that is calculated on the
            sum insured added to any bonuses already
            declared at valuations made at regular inter-
            vals, e.g. every three years.
            interim bonus one that will apply only until the
            next valuation,
            no-claim bonus a bonus given by an insurer if
            the insured has made no claim during the past

            booking fee - 71

            several years; it is particularly important in
            motor-vehicle insurance. Abbr. N.C.B. See no-
            claim discount under discount.

            reversionary bonus the usual kind of bonus, i.e.
            one which is not paid every year but is added

            to the sum insured and paid when it becomes
            due

            simple bonus one which is expressed as a simple
            percentage of the sum insured.
            special or capital bonus one which is paid out
            of an expected gain and is not likely to be
            repeated.
            terminal bonus one that is given only in the last
            year of the life of the policy
            bonus issue see bonus shares; scrip issue under
            issue of securities; capitalization of reserves.
            bonus shares sTK. EXCH. new shares issued by
            a company to its existing members (share-
            holders) free of payment by the members as a
            means of capitalizing (turning into capital)
            some of the accumulated profits and reserves
            of the company. Bonus shares are usu. issued
            in the proportion of one bonus share for every
            two, three or four, etc. shares held by a share-
            holder. See capitalization issue under capitali-
            zation of reserves. Syn. bonus issue; scrip issue.
            Cf. (U.S.A.) stock dividend.
            bonus stock (U.S.A.) STK. EXCH. stock in a
            corporation issued free to attract sales of other
            stock.
            book v. (1) to enter or record (esp. in a book):
            To book an order, to accept it and note it in an
            order-book. (2) to reserve or order for future
            use: To book tickets for a journey/seats at a
            theatre or in a train, coach, plane, etc./a passage
            on a ship or plane/a room at a hotel/freight or
            cargo space for goods/a hall for a meeting/
            advertising space in a paper. See double booking.
            Syn. reserve. (3) to make a firm and binding
            arrangement in advance: To book the services
            of a speaker. To book an appointment with a
            lawyer/doctor. I am fully booked this week, | am
            not free to make any new appointments.
            book debt Accts. an amount owing to a business
            for goods sold, as shown in the account books.
            book debts p/. the total amount owing to the
            business for goods sold. Book debts are some-
            times used as a means of obtaining a loan, by
            being assigned to the lender as security. Syn.
            accounts receivable.
            book entry accts. an entry made only for the
            purpose of adjusting the account books, e.g. to
            correct a mistake.
            bookie (collog.) a bookmaker.
            booking clerk in Britain, a person who sells
            tickets in a booking office, esp. an employee
            doing this on a railway. |
            booking fee (1) Com. a small charge made
            by some travel agents and most theatre-ticket
            agencies for arranging the booking of tickets
            and the reservation of seats. (2) a charge made


            fe 2
            Se
            i :
            J . 5
            2
            iv i
            ie i i


                evince -p 82 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            72 - booking hall
            | | of making a

            hy a finance company at the time o!

            at F ilway or motor-coach
            | ing h art of a railway :

            ooking hall pa Se
            : tation or airline office where there are a -
            ope ers at which tickets

            ate a
            of windows or coun
            es journeys can be bought and seats OF places

            can be reserved.

            booking office in Britain, a place where the

            he
            ic can buy tickets for travel or for t
            oo etc. Syn. (U.S.A.) ticket office. ,
            book-keeper or bookkeeper ACCTS. 4 Perso”
            employed to keep, 1.¢€. to make, records ©
            business dealings in the account books of an
            organization. Cf. accountant. Syn. accounts
            clerk.
            book-keeping or bookkeeping acctTs. the
            keeping of business accounts. That part of
            accounting by which an orderly record is made
            in books of account of the money value of all
            the day-to-day business dealings of a particular
            organization. These records provide the basic
            information from which a profit and loss
            account and balance sheet are prepared at the
            end of the accounting period, usu. once each
            year. The main records are the journal (a book
            of first or original or prime entry in which the
            dealings are recorded in the order in which
            they take place) and the ledger (a book of
            final entry in which all individual accounts are
            kept). See also double entry; single entry.
            booklet see brochure.
            bookmaker a person whose profession it 1s to
            receive money from persons making bets on a
            horse or dog in a race, and who promises to
            pay according to the chances of their chosen
            animal winning. He keeps a record in a book
            of all the bets he receives. Syn. turf accountant:
            commission agent; (collog.) bookie.
            book profit accts. a profit which exists only on
            paper, i.e. as shown in the account books
            but not realized in money, e.g. the supposed
            increase in value of an asset over its original
            cost or over its book value.
            bookseller the owner or manager of a bookshop.
            books of account accts. the set of books in
            which the accounts of a business are kept. In
            a double-entry system they consist of books of
            first or prime entry and of final entry, as well
            as certain memorandum books. Syn. financial
            books; account books.
            books of final entry Accts. in a set of account
            books, the ledgers, in which are finally entered
            the debits and credits first recorded in the
            books of first or prime entry. See book-keeping.
            Cf. books of first entry.
            books of first entry accts. a set of account
            books, often called journals (or day books), in
            _ all business dealings of the concern are
            ee in the order in which they take
            See a these journals, entries are posted,
            - n into, the proper ledger accounts. A


            concern will have several journals, the Most

            frequently used being a cash book, a bill book,

            qa sales day book, a purchases book and b

            general journal. See book-keeping. Cf. books t

            of final entry. Syn. books of original or Prime

            entry; subsidiary books of account.
            books of original entry see books of fiz,

            * ;
            tier of prime entry see books of first entry
            book token see under token. |
            book trade COM. & IND. all those businesse,

            which together are concerned with the many.
            facture, distribution and sale of books inclyg.
            ing booksellers, publishers and those Printers
            and binders specializing in the production of
            books. See also Net Book Agreement; pub-
            lisher.
            book value accts. (1) the value of an asset or
            group of assets of a business as shown in its
            account books. This value is not necessarily
            the same as the actual market value, it being
            the usual custom to value stock at cost or
            market value whichever is the lower, and other
            assets at cost less amounts written off for
            depreciation. See hidden asset under assets,
            pl. Abbr. b.v. (2) (U.S.A.) of a company or
            corporation, the net worth, being the difference
            between total assets and total liabilities. This
            figure is used as a measure of the capital owned
            and is usu. expressed as the book value per
            common share, i.e. the net assets divided by
            the number of issued common shares. Abbr.
            B.V.
            boom (1) ECON. a period of increasing business
            activity when a rising demand for all commodi-
            ties causes industrial production to expand,
            prices and wages to rise, and unemployment
            to fall. See trade cycle under cycle. Syn. pros-
            perity. Opp. depression; recession; slump. (2)
            STK. EXCH. a period when the demand for most
            securities reaches the highest level, with much
            buying and selling and high market prices. A
            boom may also exist in the market for a single
            security or group of securities.
            boomlet ECON. & STK. EXCH. a small boom which
            does not continue for long.
            boost v. (1) to increase forcefully: To. boost
            production/sales/ prices. (2) ADVT. to make popu-
            lar by giving much praise. Syn. (U.S.A.) (col-
            log.) shove, hoist.
            boot (collog.) dismissal: To get the boot, to be
            dismissed from employment. To give someone
            the boot, to dismiss him. Syn. kick: push; sack.
            booth com. a small shop, usu. of a temporary
            nature, €.g. in a market or fair. Syn. stall.
            bootlegger (collog.) a person trading illegally,
            esp. in forbidden products (e.g. wines and
            spirits in a country in which there is prohi-
            bition).

            bordereau INscE. a list, schedule, memorandum



                evince -p 83 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            or account, esp. one joined to a policy or |
            contract document. P/. bordereaux.
            borrow-all policy see under insurance policy.
            borrowing powers FIN. & LAW. powers given
            to the directors of a company, as one of the
            objects set out in the Memorandum of Associ-
            ation, to borrow money, usu. up to certain
            limits stated in the company’s Articles. If no |
            limits are stated, the directors’ powers are con-
            trolled by the Companies Acts.
            boss n. (collog.) a person in charge; one who
            controls the work in an organization; a master,
            head or chief.
            ». (collog.) to be the master or person in charge: |
            To boss people about, to give orders to people
            in a commanding manner. Jo boss the show, to
            put oneself improperly in control over others.
            Boston grid see growth/share matrix.
            bot. bought; bottle. |
            B.O.T., B.o.T., BoT Board of Trade.
            bottleneck (1) IND. any difficulty which slows
            down production by preventing easy and reg-
            ular working in a factory, mine or other pro- :
            ductive unit. (2) ECON. anything which hinders
            the production of a particular commodity or
            service to the point where the demand cannot
            be satisfied and a shortage arises.
            bottleneck inflation see under inflation.
            bottom SHIPG. (1) a ship, esp. one for carrying
            cargo. Goods carried in British| American/foreign
            bottoms. (2) the underside of a ship, the part

            below the water-line: A dirty bottom, one which
            needs to be cleaned of weeds, etc. and painted.
            (3) STK. EXCH. (of prices of securities) the lowest '

            level: Prices have touched bottom. The market
            is bumping on the bottom, prices have reached
            their lowest point. The shares are at rock bottom,
            they have reached a level below which the
            price may fall no further. The bottom has
            dropped/fallen out of the market, prices have
            fallen to unexpectedly low levels because no
            one is willing to buy however low the price.
            bottom line (1) FIN. & ACCTS. in a set of
            accounts, the last line, 1.e. the line that shows
            the net profit (or loss) of an organization. (2)
            in a general sense, the end result, esp. of a 5
            business deal; what is left after all factors have
            been taken into account.
            bottomry SHIPG. & FIN. the mortgage of a ship;
            the borrowing of money by the master of a
            ship to pay for repairs and other necessary
            expenses to get the ship back to its home port.
            The ship itself is given as security for the loan,
            but if the ship is lost before the loan is repaid,
            the lender loses the money advanced.
            bottomry bond see under bond. Cf. respon-
            dentia.
            bought and sold note see contract note. I
            bought book see purchases day book under
            purchases book.

            bourgeois - 73
            20ught day book see
            purchases book.

            ih deal aoe EXCH. (U.S.A.)a deal in which

            mpany issues the whole of a large lot of

            new shares, usu. at a discount, to merchant

            banks and brokers who then sell the shares in

            smaller lots to their clients. |
            20ught journal see purchases book.

            2Ought ledger see ledger.

            20ught note STK. EXCH. a Stockbroker’s note to
            a client who has given him an order to buy a
            security, recording full details of the particular
            deal. See contract note. Opp. sold note.

            Bought of or Bot. of com. the formal heading
            of an invoice sometimes used in place of Dr
            (to), meaning that the sum of the invoice is
            owing for goods or services bought from the
            supplier.

            Boul., boul. Boulevard.

            ,oulevard a broad main street or avenue usu.
            planted with trees, esp. in a city. Abbr. bd.;
            Boul.; boul.; Blvd.; blvd.

            youNnce (1) BKG. (collog.) (of a cheque) to be
            dishonoured ; to fail to be paid by the bank on
            which it is drawn: His cheque has bounced, it
            has been returned unpaid by the bank because
            there is no money in his account, 1.e. the cheque
            has been dishonoured. (2) STK. EXCH. (of a
            share) to make a sudden jump in price: Stan-
            dard Oil bounced higher after news of increased
            earnings.

            ,ouNCer BKG. (collog.) a cheque which has
            bounced, 1.e. has been dishonoured. Syn. dud;
            (U.S.A.) rubber check.

            ound (1) SHIPG. (with for) ready to go to; on
            the way to: The ship is bound for Alexandria.
            Outward bound or outbound, on a voyage start-
            ing at the home port. Homeward bound, or
            inward bound or inbound, on a voyage ending
            at the home port. Fog-bound, storm-bound, tem-
            porarily unable to continue the voyage because
            of fog, storm. London-bound, going to London.
            Abbr. bd. (2) LAW tied by a promise or a legal
            duty: An apprentice is bound to serve his master.
            I am bound by my word/the contract/terms of
            service/the rules of the society. See bind.

            younty (1) a reward offered to encourage the
            performance of some stated act.
            export bounty money paid by the government
            to producers of certain goods to encourage
            exports.

            forces and services bounty money paid to mem-
            bers of the forces for serving for a certain
            number of years.

            prize bounty money paid to the crew of a
            warship for seizing an enemy ship, also called
            prize money.

            (2) money given to the poor.

            yourgeois adj. (1) a French word which means

            belonging to the middle class, as distinguished

            from the proletariat or wage-earning or work-

            purchases day book under





                evince -p 84 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            74 - bourse

            ing c e one hand, and the capitalist or
            —— on the other hand. (2) 1n the
            view of Marxists, any person who makes unter
            gains from the work of the wage-earning class.
            bourse STK. EXCH. the French word, in general
            use on the continent of Europe, for a stock or
            commodity exchange or money market. rhe
            Bourse usu. means the Paris Bourse, the main
            stock exchange of France, members of which
            are called ‘Agents de Change’.
            boutique CoM. a small shop, or a department of
            a large store, that sells clothing, handbags, etc.
            in the latest fashions. See fashion goods. A
            person who owns or runs a boutique is called
            a boutiquier.
            boxcar (U.S.A.) TRANSPT. a closed-in railway
            goods wagon. Syn. (Britain) box wagon.
            box file see under file.
            box number ADVTG. a number forming part of
            the address to which replies to a newspaper
            advertisement should be sent. Cf. P.O. Box.
            box-office (1) a place in a theatre where seats
            can be reserved and tickets bought by the
            public.(2) the amount of money received from
            the sale of tickets at a box-office.
            box ship SHIPG. & TRANSPT. a container ship.
            box wagon TRANSPT. a railway goods wagon
            which is completely closed in. Syn. (U.S.A.)
            boxcar. Opp. open wagon.
            boycott organized refusal by a group of persons,
            e.g. a trade union, to have dealings of any
            kind with a person, firm er country who is
            considered to have offended against the rules
            of behaviour supported by the group, as a
            means of forcing the offender to change his
            ways: To boycott a person/an organization/a
            product/the goods of another country.
            B.P., b.p., b/p. bills payable.
            b.p.d. barrels per day.
            Br. British.
            br. branch.
            B.R. British Rail.
            b.r. bank rate.
            B.R., b.r., b/r. bills receivable.
            bracket creep TAXN. in times of inflation, the
            tendency for some income-tax payers to move
            always into a higher and higher tax bracket (a
            group taxed at the same rate). This often results
            in the taxpayer having less and less money to
            spend.
            brain drain see drain.
            branch n. (1) a local office or shop of a business,
            e.g. a bank or a chain-store, or of some other
            organization, e.g. a public library service,
            under the control of a central or head office
            which is usu. situated in some other place. Syn.
            a branch office; branch house. Cf. head office;
            central office. (2) IND. REL. a small local division
            ite at ihe meetings of
            Re dbbr.-br.: brch, € right to be present.

            EEE

            ». COM. (with out) to extend one’s business by
            making or selling new products; to widen one’s
            activities: A bookshop branching out as a
            agent,
            branch manager see under manager,
            brand COM. & IND. originally an owner’s
            made by burning, on cattle, etc. but now .
            maker’s name, trade-mark or sign, ys, :
            officially registered and protected, put on good: |
            i

            news.

            Mark.


            to make it easy for buyers to recognize the
            make or quality. Local brand, a brand of prod-
            uct sold locally, usu. in the area in which it jg |
            manufactured. National brand, one sold allover |
            the country. Own-brand, see separate entry: als,
            house brand.
            brand acceptance ADVTG. the willingness of
            consumers to buy one brand as compared with
            other brands of what are essentially the same
            product. Syn. consumer acceptance.
            branded goods com. goods marked with the
            name of the producer or some other brand
            name chosen by him, and usu. put in special
            packaging before leaving the factory. The
            object is to make the particular brand of goods
            easily recognizable and distinguishable from
            other brands in the shops. See also own-brand.
            Opp. unbranded goods.
            brand image ADVTG. the image (mental picture)
            of a particular branded product which a con-
            sumer carries in his mind. By advertising, a |
            producer tries to improve the brand image of _
            his product so that more and more consumers |
            prefer his brand to the other brands. |
            brand loyalty IND. a situation in which acus- |
            tomer repeatedly shows a preference for a par-
            ticular brand of a product. Creating brand
            loyalty is the main aim of branding a product
            and is obtained by giving it character and
            attractiveness in addition to the physical qual-
            ities of the product. )
            brand management IND. a system established
            by Proctor & Gamble in the U.S.A. in the
            1930s whereby each brand was managed as a
            separate business unit with its own manager,
            budgets, advertising campaigns, etc. Brand
            management is now normal in fast-moving
            consumer goods companies.
            brass (collog.) money: He has plenty of brass.
            brassage FIN. (1) the charge made by a govern-
            ment for manufacturing coins out of metal. (2)
            the actual cost of the coin. See seigniorage.
            Syn. mintage.
            brch. branch.
            breach of confidence failure to keep secret
            some information that one has been given as
            a secret. Syn. breach of security.
            breach of contract Law failure to perform a
            duty accepted by a person under a contract,
            thus giving the other contracting party a right
            to claim damages in a court of law. |
            partial breach one where only some of the duties


                evince -p 85 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            under the contract have not been performed.
            If the failure is so serious that an essential part
            of the contract has been broken, the party
            harmed may treat the contract as no longer
            being in force.
            total breach a situation where one party to a
            contract shows intention not to perform any
            part of it, or makes it impossible, or entirely
            fails to perform it. See a/so anticipatory breach:
            breach of warranty; essence of a contract.
            breach of security see breach of confidence.
            breach of trust (1) LAw failure by a trustee to
            perform his duty to a trust, e.g. by acting
            wrongly or by neglecting to do something he
            ought to do, with the result that loss is caused
            to the trust. (2) (collog.) failure by any person
            to perform a duty which he was trusted to do.
            Syn. defalcation; embezzlement: fraudulent
            conversion.
            breach of warranty Law failure to perform a
            duty which forms part of a contract but not an
            essential part. If there is a failure by one party
            to perform a warranty, the other party cannot
            treat the contract as no longer having any
            force, but can claim damages in a court of law.
            See breach of contract.
            bread (collog.) money.
            bread and butter (collog.) (1) the way in which
            a person earns his living: Selling houses is his
            bread and butter. (2) the most important of two
            or more ways by which a person earns his
            living: He is a fine artist but he makes his bread
            and butter by teaching languages.
            breadline a line of very poor people waiting to
            be given free food: To be on the breadline, to
            be so poor as to have only enough income to
            pay for the bare necessities of life.
            breadwinner a person who earns a living for
            himself and his dependants.
            break n. (1) STK. EXCH. a sudden and severe fall
            in market prices. (2) ADVTG. a short pause in
            a television programme to show advertising
            films. (3) IND. a short interval for refreshment:
            We stop work for 15 minutes for a coffee-break
            in the morning and for a tea-break in the after-
            noon. (4) (collog.) a change from bad to good
            fortune: A lucky break, a chance to do better
            than in the past.
            v. (1) FIN. to ruin (someone) financially: The
            bad harvest broke him. To break the bank, at a
            gaming table, to win so much money that the
            person running the game has to stop payment.
            (2) (fig.) to make very large gains at other
            people’s expense.
            to break bulk SHIPG. & TRANSPT. (a) to open
            large packages or containers in order to sell or
            to carry in smaller quantities, e.g. action taken
            by a wholesaler. (b) to begin unloading a ship.
            to break one’s journey to stop on the way; to
            interrupt one’s journey.
            breakages com. & ACCTS. charges made for

            breakwater - 75

            things broken while on hire Or on loan; the
            cost of broken china, glass, etc. used in a
            business, e.g. a hotel or restaurant.

            break down v. (1) to set out as separate parts
            esp. figures, so that they may be studied: Please
            break this sum down to show how it was arrived
            at. (2) to stop working or running; to fail to
            work properly: The car/machine broke down.
            Mis health will break down unless he takes a
            holiday.

            breakdown n. (1) ACCTS. a statement of various
            small sums which together make up a bigger
            sum, for the purpose of study: Give me a break-
            down of expenses. (2) a failure in a machine or
            a system to work properly: Trains are late
            because of a breakdown on the line.
            adj. We are sending our breakdown van to repair
            your car.
            breakdown clause SHIPG. a condition in a
            chartering contract that the hirers of the ship
            will not be charged for time during which the
            ship was broken down, i.e. could not continue
            working properly. Syn. off-hire clause.
            break even v. (1) in Britain, to be in a situation
            where income from sales equals the expenses
            of production, so that neither profit nor loss is
            made. (2) in U.S.A., to earn from sales not
            only just enough to pay all expenses but also
            enough for a moderate dividend.
            break-even analysis ACCTS. a method of study-
            ing the profitability of a business or of a single
            product by showing at what level of production
            costs are just covered by income, neither profit
            nor loss being made; and thus to calculate the
            effect on profit of changes in the amount of
            goods produced, the costs of production, and
            the selling price.
            break-even chart a graph which shows the man-
            agement the results of a break-even analysis.
            Syn. profitgraph.
            break-even point AcctTs. the level of sales at
            which the income from goods sold is just
            enough to cover production, neither profit nor
            loss being made.
            break up (1) SHIPG. of a wrecked ship, to fall to
            pieces; to be destroyed: The vessel on the rocks
            has broken up. (2) to take or cut to pieces (a
            now useless thing) in order to sell or re-use the
            material: The old ship is to be broken up. Syn.
            to scrap; to demolish.
            break-up value AccrTs. (1) the value of an asset
            when it is no longer of any practical use but
            will bring in some money if it is broken up and
            the material sold or re-used. (2) the total value
            of the assets of a business if each asset is sold
            separately, as distinguished from the value of
            the business as a whole if sold as a going
            concern.
            breakwater SHIPG. a strong wall built across
            part of a harbour to provide shelter for ships.



                evince -p 86 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &


            76 - b. rec.

            See artificial harbour under harbour. Cf. mole;

            jetty; quay. ble
            ceiva .
            Sortie wocde Agreement ECON. the a
            of a conference of 44 nations held in >. :
            at Bretton Woods, U.S.A., to plan Detar a
            operation in world trade and currency matters.
            The International Monetary Fund and the
            International Bank for Reconstruction and
            Development (the World Bank) were started
            under the control of the United Nations, with
            the aim of raising world incomes, encouraging
            international trade and investment, and mak-
            ing steadier the exchange rates between cur-
            rencies.
            breveté sans garantie du gouvernement
            (French) patented without government guaran-
            tee. Abbr. b.s.g.d.g.
            bribe a reward of money or goods given secretly
            to influence a person to do something. In most
            countries it is a criminal offence to offer or give
            a bribe to a public servant or to an agent; and
            for a public servant or an agent to accept or
            receive a bribe. Syn. secret commission.
            bribery the act or practice of giving and receiv-
            ing bribes. Syn. corruption; illegal gratifi-
            cation.
            bricks and mortar (collog.) property in the
            form of buildings, i.e. houses, offices, factories.
            He invested his money in bricks and mortar.
            bridge SHIPG. the upper part of a ship used
            by the captain and officers, from which they
            control the ship.
            air bridge see under airline. |
            bridge deck the highest deck of a ship. Also
            navigating bridge deck.
            toll bridge a bridge, usu. across a river, where
            a toll (charge) is made for permission to cross.
            bridging loan BKG. a loan made by a bank for
            a short period to help the borrower to bridge
            the gap in time between buying, e.g. a new
            house, and selling, e.g. the old house. Syn.
            bridging advance; bridging finance.
            brief n. (1) LAW a document prepared by a
            solicitor for the use of a barrister who is pre-
            senting their client’s case in court. The brief
            states all the known facts and the law relating
            to the case, and usu. has other documents
            fastened to it such as copies of letters and
            formal statements of witnesses. (2) a short
            statement giving information needed by a per-
            son having to perform a certain piece of work
            or to gain a certain object: The sales manager
            gave each salesman a brief about the new product.
            v. (1) LAW to give directions to a barrister by
            means of a brief: The solicitor has briefed coun-
            sel. (2) generally, to give someone advance
            information on a particular subject or for a
            particular purpose, e.g. to the captain of an
            Pee the weather. The sales manager
            presentatives on the new product.


            briefcase a flat case, usu. of leather, with 4
            handle, for carrying papers, books, etc. Syn.
            dispatch case.

            bright sTK. EXCH. (of securities) in good demand:
            Mogul Oil shares were bright at 196 pence. The
            market showed a brighter turn, there was a better
            demand for securities. |

            Bright John (1811-89), British Liberal states.
            man and economist who, with Richard Cobden
            in Manchester in 1838, started the Anti-Corp
            Law League. Entering Parliament in 1843, he
            succeeded in obtaining the repeal (ending) of
            the Corn Laws in 1846, an event which began
            a long period of free trade by Britain.

            bring-and-buy sale com. a means of collecting
            money for those in need. Each person brings
            something to sell, and each person buys some-
            thing to take away. Cf. sale of work.

            brisk sTK. EXCH. active: Business is brisk. There
            was a brisk demand for engineering shares.

            Brit. Britain; British.

            British Commercial Monomark see Mono-
            mark. Abbr. B.C.M.

            British Commonwealth see Commonwealth
            of Nations.

            British Funds FIN. & STK. EXCH. a short name
            for fixed-interest government stocks which are
            strictly part of the funded debt of the British

            Government, with no fixed date for repayment,
            e.g. Consols; but the words are often used in
            a more general way to include all fixed-interest
            stocks issued by the British Government and
            the nationalized industries guaranteed by the
            government, whether dated or undated. See
            funded debt, unfunded debt under national
            debt. Syn. gilt-edged securities; the Funds.

            British savings bonds see savings bond.

            British South Africa Company formed in
            1889 by royal charter for trade and commerce
            in south-central Africa. In large areas it was
            made responsible for the administration as
            agent for the British Government, esp. in
            Northern and Southern Rhodesia (now,
            respectively, Zambia and Zimbabwe) from
            1900 to 1924, when these countries became
            self-governing under the British Colonial
            Office. The Company’s commercial activities
            continued until 1965.

            British Standards Institution (B.S.1.) an
            independent body in Britain, supported by the

            government, which lays down standards of

            quality in engineering, building, chemical and
            household products, etc. Manufacturers are not
            forced to use these standards, but many do.

            See kite-mark.

            British Telecom in Britain, the company which
            runs the public telecommunications services.

            Abbr. B.T,

            British Telecommunications Systems a

            State-owned corporation responsible for mar-


                evince -p 87 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            keting advanced electronic equipment over-
            seas. Abbr. B.T.S.

            British thermal unit the quantity of heat
            needed to raise one pound of water by one
            degree Fahrenheit. Addr. B.T.U.

            British ton see long ton under ton.

            bri. barrel.
            Bro., Bros. Brother, Brothers.

            broad gauge see under gauge.

            broad money see M, under money supply.

            brochure a small book consisting of a few pages
            in a paper cover, esp. advertising material in
            this form. Syn. booklet; pamphlet.

            brokage see brokerage (1).

            broke adj. (collog.) having no money; To go for
            broke, to risk everything when the chances of
            winning are slight; bankrupt: He is broke,
            he is penniless. J am stony-broke/flat broke.
            completely without money.
            v. (collog.) to run a business as a broker: He
            brokes in insurance, he is an insurance broker.

            broken amount STK. EXCH. an_ irregular
            amount, e.g. 67 shares, as distinguished from
            a regular marketable amount, which might be
            a lot or parcel of 50 or 100 shares. Broken
            amounts are not so easy to sell or to buy, and
            therefore call for a special price. Syn. job lot;
            broken lot; odd lot.

            broker generally, a particular class of agent who
            is employed by his principal to buy or sell the
            principal’s goods or services, usu. in return for
            a commission or brokerage calculated as a
            percentage of the value of business done. At
            no time does the true broker become the owner
            of the goods, and he cannot act in his own
            name but only in the name of his principal.
            However, there are exceptions: bill-brokers
            and some commodity brokers do buy and sell
            for themselves. Most brokers specialize, 1.e.
            keep to a special kind of business such as
            foreign-exchange, stocks and shares, insur-
            ance, or shipping. Cf. jobber; factor. The main
            classes of broker are:
            air broker TRANSPT. in Britain, a member of
            the Baltic Exchange who arranges the charter-
            ing of planes.
            associated broker see insurance broker below.
            aviation broker see separate entry.
            bill-broker BKG. & FIN. a dealer in bills of
            exchange, so not strictly a broker, who buys
            bills from traders and either sells them to bank-
            ers and discount houses or holds them until
            they mature (become due for payment). In
            these deals his profit is the difference between
            the discount he gives and receives. He may act
            as a running broker, i.e. as an agent for sellers
            and buyers of bills of exchange, arranging for
            bills to be negotiated and receiving a com-
            mission for his services. In recent years bill-
            brokers have become main dealers in Treasury
            bills and short-dated government bonds. See

            broker - 77

            acceptance market under acceptance (4). Syn.
            discount broker.

            broker’s broker Com. a dealer.

            commission broker stk. EXCH. in U.S.A., a
            stockbroker.

            commodity broker COMMOD. EXCH. a broker who
            acts as agent for buyers and sellers in one of the
            commodity markets, receiving a commission
            called brokerage for his services. But in certain
            trades brokers may buy and sell for themselves,
            thus really being dealers. In commodity mar-
            kets other than metals, brokers are sometimes
            called produce brokers and are usu. named after
            the commodity in which they specialize, e.g.
            wheat/grain/tea/coffee/fruit/wool/cotton brok-
            ers. See also import broker below.
            contract broker see floor broker below.
            curbstone broker see outside broker below.
            discount broker see bill-broker above.
            employment broker see employment agency.
            exchange broker see foreign-exchange broker
            below.
            floor broker STK. EXCH. in U.S.A., a member
            of a stock exchange who acts for other brokers
            in buying and selling securities only on busy
            days. Also called a contract broker or two-dollar
            broker from the fee of $2 per 100 shares that
            used to be paid for his services.
            foreign-exchange broker BKG. & FIN. a pro-
            fessional agent for the buying and selling of
            foreign exchange. He may represent the
            government or any of the foreign-exchange
            dealers (mostly commercial banks) but not the
            general public. For his services in bringing
            buyers and sellers together, he is paid by a
            commission on each deal, called exchange
            brokerage. Syn. exchange broker. Cf. foreign-
            exchange dealer.
            Government Broker STK. EXCH. in Britain, a
            member of the Stock Exchange formerly
            appointed to sell gilt-edged securities on behalf
            of the government. Now replaced by a group
            of primary gilt dealers called official dealers.
            import broker COM. usu. a commodity broker
            who acts as agent for other brokers or exporters
            in foreign countries in finding a buyer for
            cargoes, either as a whole or in smaller lots.
            He charges a commission called brokerage for
            his services.
            incorporated broker see insurance broker below.
            insurance broker INSCE. a middleman or broker
            with special knowledge of the insurance mar-
            ket who, not being a direct employee of any
            insurance company, is free to offer advice to
            his clients and, as their agent, to negotiate the
            most favourable insurance contracts for them
            with the insurers. He is usu. paid by com-
            mission or fee from the insurers. In Britain,
            associated brokers are those who are members
            of the Association of Insurance Brokers; incor-
            porated brokers are those who are members of



                evince -p 88 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &


            78 - broker

            the Corporation of Insurance Brokers ; aaa .
            Lloyd’s broker 1s a member of Lloy s (see
            below). See also marine insurance broker. .
            inter-dealer broker on the London Stock a
            change, a new kind of specialist broker w 0
            acts as an intermediary, 1.e. one who trades
            between dealers by matching their bids and
            offers.

            issue broker see separate entry.

            Lloyd’s broker INSCE. a member of the Corpo-

            ration of Lloyd's who acts as an agent of the
            insured in placing insurance contracts with
            an underwriting member, agreeing the rate,
            sending his client a cover-note, preparing a
            Lloyd’s policy and getting it signed by Lloyd's
            Policy Signing Office. The broker receives a
            commission which he takes from the premiums
            paid to him by the insured and passed on to
            the underwriter.
            marine insurance broker see separate entry.
            merchandise broker COM.: a broker who acts as
            a middleman or agent for a manufacturer or
            importer, esp. in finding buyers interested in
            large quantities of the product. The goods are
            not at any time the property of the broker.
            money-broker BKG. & FIN. (1) in Britain, a
            broker in the money market who arranges
            short-term loans by banks to discount houses
            and to dealers in government securities. (2) in
            U.S.A., a dealer in foreign exchange. (3) STK.
            EXCH. in Britain’s International (formerly Lon-
            don) Stock Exchange, certain members who
            lend equities (company shares) and gilts
            (government bonds) to dealers to help them
            deliver them on time, and also to finance their
            businesses.
            odd-lot broker STK. EXCH. not strictly a broker
            but a dealer who buys and sells odd lots of
            securities on his own account. See odd lot.
            outside broker STK. EXCH. a stockbroker who is
            not a member of any exchange. He is allowed
            to invite the public to buy securities from him,
            and he acts as a middleman between the public
            and members of the stock exchanges. Cf. out-
            side dealer. Syn. curb broker; street broker.
            pawnbroker COM. & LAW one who lends money
            on the security of personal property such as
            jewellery, clothes, etc. The way he runs his
            business and the rate of interest he may charge
            are strictly controlled by law in Britain. His
            occupation is pawnbroking; his place of busi-
            ness is a pawnshop; he is the pawnee; he gives
            a pawn ticket to the pawnor (or pawner) for each
            pawn (article pledged). Syn. (collog.) uncle.
            produce broker see commodity broker above.
            real-estate broker see estate agent.
            running broker see bill-broker above.
            nes see stockbroker below.
            : Ecce SHIPG. one who is a member of
            shipowners and an oon acts as agent for
            ™ sipping Companies, arranging


            bill-of-lading contracts, charter-parties and
            insurance, finding cargoes and, in some cases
            passengers. He receives for his services a per.
            centage of the business he gets for his pring.
            pals. In Britain he is usu. 4 member of the
            Baltic Exchange. Cf. ship agent. Syn. ship-
            broker.
            stockbroker STK. EXCH. a broker who jg
            employed by his clients to buy and sell stock,
            and shares in return for a Commission called
            brokerage.
            street broker see outside broker above.
            two-dollar broker see floor broker above.
            vy. to act as a broker for: XYZ is brokering g
            million-dollar transaction in Japan. |
            brokerage com. (1) the payment received by a
            broker for his services. It is usu. a Commission
            calculated as a percentage of the value of busj-
            ness done by him but may also take the form
            of a fixed fee. Syn. brokage; courtage. (2) the
            business carried on by a broker.
            broker’s broker see under broker.
            broker’s lien INSCE. & LAW. the right given by
            law to a broker to hold an insurance policy and
            not to deliver it to the insured party until that
            party has paid the premium. This right protects
            the broker from loss from his client’s failure to
            pay, for once the broker has placed (arranged)
            an insurance he is responsible for paying the
            premium, whether his client pays him or not.
            broker’s return SHIPG. a list, sent usu. daily to
            the ship-brokers by the persons loading a ship,
            noting all the goods that have been put on
            board.
            broking CoM. the profession of a broker.
            broking house a firm (partnership) or company
            that carries on the business of brokers.
            bronze FIN. the metal of which in many countries
            coins of lower values are made, an alloy (mix-
            ture of metals) consisting of 95%, copper, 4%
            tin and 1% zinc. In Britain, two bronze coins
            are issued: the twopence or twopenny piece
            (2p); the penny (1p) (p/. pennies or pence). The
            weight of each coin is proportional to its face
            value. Bronze coins are legal tender to the
            value of 20p.
            Brookings Institution an organization for

            advanced study in economics and government.
            Set up in Washington in 1927.

            broom (1) a large brush with a long handle,
            used for sweeping. (2) sHIPG. a broom at the

            masthead of a ship is a sign that she is for sale.
            Bros. Brothers.

            rot. brought.

            rot. fwd. brought forward.

            2rought down accts. words written usu. in
            shortened form, e.g. B/d., b.d., at the beginning
            of an account to show a total that has had to
            be brought down from an earlier account which
            ended higher up on the same page of the


                evince -p 89 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            account book. Cf. carried down, brought for-

            ae forward ACCTS. words written, usu. in
            shortened form, e.g. B/f., bt. fwd., at the top
            of an account to show a total which has had
            to be carried forward from the last account or
            from an earlier page in the account book. Cf.
            carried forward; brought down.

            B.R.S. British Road Services,

            Brussels (Tariff) Nomenclature Com. & FIN.
            an international system of naming and classify-
            ing all goods in international trade for the
            purpose of standardizing customs tariffs, sign-
            ed at a convention held in Brussels in 1950.
            See also Standard International Trade Classi-
            fication. Abbr. B.T.N.

            bs. bags; bales.

            B.S. balance sheet; bill of sale; British Standard:
            building society.

            B/S. bill of store; bill of sale.

            b.s. balance sheet; bill of sale.

            B.S.C. British Steel Corporation.

            b.s.g.d.g. breveté sans garantie du gouverne-
            ment.

            bsh. bushel.

            ‘B’ share see multiple voting share under share.

            B.S.1. British Standards Institution.

            Bs.L., Bs/L. bills of lading.

            B.S.S. British Standard Specification.

            B/St. bill of sight.

            B.S.T. British Summer Time.

            b.t. berth terms.

            bt. bought; brought.

            B.T. British Telecom.

            bt.fd., bt.fwd. brought forward.

            bth. bath(room).

            B.1T.N. Brussels Tariff Nomenclature.

            B.T.S. British Telecommunications Systems.

            B.T.U. Board of Trade unit; British thermal
            unit. )

            bu. bushel(s).

            bubble com. unreasonable and excited buying
            of shares in a company that is financially weak,
            with the effect of raising the market price of
            the shares far higher than their true value. See
            South Sea Bubble.

            buck v. CoM. (collog.) to resist; to fight against:
            To buck the trend, to succeed in resisting the
            unfavourable effects of a slump in business; to
            do well when other businesses are doing badly.
            n. (U.S.A. collog.) a dollar: The book cost ten
            bucks, ten dollars.

            bucket shop (collog.) (1) STK. & COMMOD. EXCH.
            a share- or commodity-broking concern run by
            dishonest persons who are not members of any
            stock or commodity exchange. They arrange
            deals in worthless or non-existent shares and
            eaten and by these and other tricks

            co the public of their money. See share-

            _ pushing; share-hawking. (2) tour. a broker

            | who sells cheap airline tickets.


            budgeted - 79

            Bucks. Buckinghamshire, England.

            buckshee adj. (collog.) free of cost; got for
            nothing. Syn. gratis.

            budget (1) FIN. & ACCTS. an account of probable

            future income (money coming in) and expendi-
            ture (money going out) during a stated period,
            usu. a year, used as a guide in making financial
            arrangements. See cash budget; financial
            budget; variable budget.
            balanced budget one in which income roughly
            equals expenditure.
            capital budget see separate entry.
            deficit budget one in which income falls short
            of expenditure. |
            surplus budget one in which income 1s greater
            than expenditure.
            unbalanced budget one that is in deficit.
            (2) puB. FIN. The Budget, the British Govern-
            ment’s formal plan for future national revenue
            and expenditure which is put before Parlia-
            ment by the Chancellor of the Exchequer usu.
            once each year, making proposals for changes
            in taxation which later become law in the
            yearly Finance Act. Syn. national budget,
            (U.S.A.) national accounts budget. See capital
            budget. (3) MAN. an account of the probable
            cost of carrying out a plan or programme for
            a special purpose: An advertising budget; a
            capital budget; a research budget. The amount
            of money set aside for a special purpose. See
            allocation. We have used up/spent our pro-
            motional budget. See budgeting.

            budget account (1) BKG. an arrangement with
            a bank by which the bank pays a customer’s
            main household bills when they become due,
            but debits the customer’s current account with
            a fixed monthly sum calculated by dividing
            the total yearly value of the bills by 12. The
            customer is thus able to budget for (plan) his
            expenses. Syn. personal loan. (2) COM. an
            arrangement with a shop, esp. a department
            store, by which the customer pays the store a
            fixed sum every month and is able to buy goods
            at any time up to a value of (say) 12 times the
            monthly sum being paid. Syn. budget-plan.

            budgetary control MAN. a system of manage-
            ment control by making detailed comparisons
            of actual income and expenditure with bud-
            geted income and expenditure in order to make
            sure that plans are being kept to, and to learn
            where those plans may need changing in order
            that a profit will be made.

            budgetary policy see fiscal policy.

            Budget Day FIN. the day, usu. in late March
            or early April, on which the British national
            budget is presented to the House of Commons
            by the Chancellor of the Exchequer.

            budget-day value TAXN. the value of an asset
            on 6 April 1965, used in calculating capital
            gains tax in Britain.

            budgeted MAN. & ACCTs. included in, allowed


                evince -p 90 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &


            80 - budgeting

            for, provided for in a budget: The actual costs
            exceed the budgeted figure by £100.
            budgeting MAN. & ACCTS. the process of prepar-
            ing budgets as an aid to planning and control-
            ling the financial management and direction
            esp. of a business or other organization.
            zero-based budgeting a very detailed form of
            budgeting the costs of running an organization,
            aimed at keeping them at a minimum.
            budget-plan see budget account (2).
            buffer stock ECON. & IND. a stock of raw
            material, food, parts of finished products or
            other goods, which has been bought when
            supplies are plentiful and cheap and then
            stored for use when supplies are short and
            would therefore be dear to buy. Buffer stocks
            are one way of reducing wide variations in
            market prices and are sometimes employed by
            governments to make the supply of certain
            goods roughly equal to the current demand for
            them. Syn. safety stock.
            buffer store see under store COMP.
            bug 7. (collog.) a small fault in a machine: This
            computer has a bug in it.
            v. (collog) to set up a hidden machine to record
            secretly words spoken in a room or on the
            telephone: His room/phone had been bugged.
            builder’s certificate sHIPG. an official docu-
            ment given by the Customs to the builders of
            a newly-built ship allowing the vessel to leave
            the shipyard for trials at sea without the usual
            customs formalities.
            builders’ policy see shipbuilders’ policy under
            insurance policy.
            building and loan associations see savings
            and loan associations.
            building basin see basin (1).
            building lease see under lease.
            building port SHIPG. the port where a particular
            ship was built.
            building society FIN. a _ non-profitmaking
            financial organization formed for the purpose
            of helping people to build or buy houses. By
            issuing shares and accepting deposits from
            small investors, it collects money which it lends
            to borrowers on mortgage, 1.e. against the
            security of the borrowers’ property. These loans
            are usu. repayable over many years by the
            annuity system, i.e. equal periodical payments
            consisting partly of capital and partly of
            interest on the amount outstanding. Syn.
            (U.S.A.) savings and loan association. Abbr.
            B.S.
            building-society interest FIN. (1) the interest
            received from a building society by an investor
            who has taken shares in the society or who has
            placed money on deposit with it. (2) the interest
            payable by a mortgagor, i.e. a person who has
            borrowed money on mortgage from a building
            society.
            built-in stabilizers see stabilizers.

            ee Sah Oe SE ne

            bulk a large mass, volume or quantity. Abbr. blk
            break bulk see under break, v. .

            in bulk (a) in large amounts: By producing in |
            bulk we can sell at low prices. See laden in bulk. |
            (b) loose, not packed in containers: Cargoes of
            grain are loaded/carried in bulk.
            bulk buying buying in large quantities in orde; |
            to obtain a low price, thus gaining an advan.
            tage over those persons who buy only in sma)
            quantities.
            bulk cargo cargo consisting entirely of one king |
            of loose substance that does not need any
            packing, such as coal or wheat. Cf. genera] |
            cargo. |
            bulk carrier SHIPG. a ship intended for carrying
            cargoes of loose materials such as coal, ore,
            grain, which are not packed in containers.
            bulkhead sHIPG. one of the strong steel walls
            across the inside of a ship dividing it into
            several watertight compartments. |
            bull sTK. EXCH. strictly, a dealer in the stock |
            market who, believing that prices will rise,
            contracts to buy many shares in the hope of
            selling them at a profit before he has to pay
            for them on Settling Day. The word is also
            used more generally to mean any person who
            buys shares which he intends not to keep, but
            to hold only long enough to make some profit
            by selling them at a higher price. Cf. bear, n.
            bull account see bull position.
            bull campaign STK. EXCH. action by dealers
            aimed to push prices up by buying securities,
            influencing others to buy too. When demand
            exceeds supply the bulls sell at a profit. Cf.
            bear campaign.
            bulldog bond see under bond.
            bullet loan see under loan.
            bullet train TRANSPT. in Japan, a very fast
            passenger train that runs between Tokyo and
            Osaka at a speed of over 200 km/h. See also
            advanced passenger train.
            bullion FIN. gold and silver of official quality in
            the form of bars, not coins, and valued by its
            weight as merchandise, not by its value as coin.
            See assay master. Cf. specie.
            bullion broker COMMOD. EXCH. one of a small
            number of firms of brokers in the London
            bullion market who act both as agents for
            buyers and sellers of gold and silver bullion,
            and as dealers buying and selling in their own
            name. Syn. bullion dealer.
            bullish sTK. EXCH. (1) tending towards a rise in
            prices: There was a bullish trend in the market.
            (2) hopeful; cheerful; expecting good business:
            The business outlook is bullish. Opp. bearish.
            bull market see under market.

            bull position sTK. EXCH. the trading situation
            of a bull in the stock market who finds that he
            has contracted to buy more shares than he can
            pay for on Settling Day. He therefore arranges
            to have his account carried over to the next


                evince -p 91 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            —————————————————— EEE

            Settling Day, paying contango as the price.
            Syn. bull account; long position.

            bull run STK. EXCH. a period during which buyers
            have been active and prices have been rising.
            Syn. bull market. Opp. bear run/market.

            bull transaction see under transaction.

            bunce (col/og.) an extra payment, in the form
            either of an unexpected profit or of commission.

            Bundesbank see Deutsche Bundesbank.

            bundle see bale.

            bunk see berth (2).

            bunker SHIPG. (1) a place, esp. in a ship, for
            storing fuel for the engines. (2) the fuel itself.
            (3) the supply of fuel in bulk.
            bunkering arrangements at a port for ships to
            load fuel into their bunkers.
            bunker port a port that has bunkering arrange-
            ments.

            buoy SHIPG. a firmly-anchored floating mark for
            ships to tie up to (a moving buoy), or for use
            by seamen as a guide marking a channel or
            dangerous places such as rocks, sandbanks,
            wrecks, etc. (a navigational buoy).
            buoy dues see buoyage (2).

            buoyage SHIPG. (1) the provision of a system of
            buoys in a port or waterway. (2) the charges
            which a ship’s owners have to pay to the port
            for keeping the system of buoys in good order.
            Syn. buoy dues.

            buoyant adj. STK. EXCH. of prices, tending to
            keep high: Oils were buoyant, prices of oil-
            company shares were high. There was a buoyant
            market in chemicals. Opp. depressed.

            buoy dues see buoyage (2).

            burden (1) CoM. & LAW a duty that one is bound
            by a promise to perform: The burden of a
            contract. (2) ACCTS. general or indirect expenses
            of production (rent, rates, etc.) as distinguished
            from direct costs (material, labour, etc,). Syn.
            overheads; overhead cost; oncost; fixed cost.
            (3) SHIPG. the weight in tons of the load that a
            ship can carry: A ship of 1000 tons burden; but
            the ton is taken to be 40 cu. ft. instead of the
            normal tonnage measure of 100 cu. ft. per ton.
            Syn. burthen. Cf. registered tonnage.

            burden of proof LAw the duty to prove the
            truth of formal statements made in court about
            facts or events. When one party in a court case
            states formally that a certain fact is true, the
            court will accept it as true unless the other
            party can prove that it is untrue. This is called
            shifting the burden of proof. Syn. onus of proof.

            bureau (1) an office, esp. one doing business
            direct with the public: An information/enquiry/
            employment/tourist bureau. Citizens’ Advice
            Bureau. (2) a government department (or part
            of one) esp. in U.S.A.: The Federal Bureau of
            Investigation (F.B.1.), the Bureau of the Mint,
            the Bureau of Standards, the American Weather
            Bureau, (3) INSCE. see Lloyd’s Policy Signing
            Bureau under Lloyd’s policy.

            a Peel ie vee? 8

            bursar - 81

            bur Gaucracy rule by a class of people in offices,
            esp. by paid officials appointed by the govern-
            ment, who do not understand the wish of the
            Ordinary man to be free to earn his living in
            the way he chooses and to take risks if he
            chooses, and who think that they know best
            how the economy should be managed. The
            word 1s also used of those very large companies
            and industrial concerns which show the same
            trend towards impersonal administration.

            bureau de change com. «& TOUR. (French, ex-
            change office) an office or shop run by a dealer
            in foreign exchange, where the public may
            change foreign currencies into the local money
            and local money into foreign currencies. Syn.
            foreign-exchange office.

            Bureau of Customs (U.S.A.) the division of
            the U.S. Department of the Treasury which is
            responsible for collecting customs duties; the
            equivalent of the British Board of Customs and
            Excise.

            Bureau Veritas sHIPG. & MAR. INSCE. the French
            Register of Shipping and the organization
            responsible in France for checking the safety
            and fitness of ships and for classifying them.
            The French equivalent of Lloyd’s Register of
            Shipping in Britain, and the American Bureau
            of Shipping in the U.S.A. See classification
            societies. Abbr. B.V.

            burglar-alarm warranty INSCE. an express
            warranty (see under warranty) that states that
            the insured premises must have a burglar alarm
            and that if the alarm is not switched on when
            a burglary takes place, the insurers are not
            liable.

            burglary Law breaking a way by force into, and
            actually entering, a house for the purpose of
            serious crime. Cf. housebreaking.
            burglary insurance see theft insurance under
            insurance, classes and kinds of.

            Burke Edmund (1729-97), British statesman and
            economist. He taught the theory of society
            known as individualism, which believes that
            the best economic order is that in which there is
            no central direction, each individual producer
            being left free to compete with others to serve
            the public good. He entered Parliament in
            1766, supported the fight of the American col-
            onies for independence (1775-83), led the
            impeachment (accusing and trial) of Warren
            Hastings, Governor-General of India, and
            opposed the slave trade and the French Revo-
            lution.

            burn (1) to destroy by fire. (2) com. (fig.) To burn
            a hole in one’s pocket, to make one want to
            spend (money) carelessly, foolishly, wastefully.
            He has money to burn, far more than he needs.
            To burn one’s fingers, to suffer some financial
            loss through careless or ill-judged action.

            bursar FIN. (1) a treasurer or trusted financial

            r i 2


                evince -p 92 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &


            82 - bursary

            official esp. of a college. (2) in Scotland, a
            college student who receives a bursary.

            llowance of money paid to a

            FIN. an a | to
            ae period of his

            student to help him see the

            ies. Syn. scholarship. gf

            sce edvartstne ADVTG. an advertising cam-

            paign in which the advertisements are shown

            very often over a short period of time. Syn.
            burst campaign. Cf. drip advertising.
            burst campaign see burst advertising.

            burthen see burden (3). | |
            bus COMP. a computer network system in which

            each user’s terminal is connected by a branch
            line to a single main cable. Cf. ring (2); star
            (2); tree.
            bus. business; bushel.
            bush. bushel.
            bush in Australia, New Zealand, etc., wild coun-
            try, esp. areas of natural forest or rough grass-
            land that are still uncleared. Cf. outback.
            bushel a unit of measuring dry goods esp. grain
            and fruit by volume: 8 gals. or 4 pk. or one-
            eighth of a qr., 2219.36 cu. in. (36.37 litres) in
            Britain, the imperial bushel; (2150.42 cu. in.,
            the Winchester bushel, in U.S.A.). A bushel of
            barley weighs 48 lb; of maize 56 lb; of oats 34
            lb; of wheat 60 Ib; of flour 56 Ib. Also used as
            a measure of fish: 1 bushel = 56 lb. See corn
            and dry measure table on page 544. Abbr. bsh.;
            bu.; bush.; bus.
            business (1) a person, firm, company or other
            organization which makes or produces a prod-
            uct, buys and sells goods or provides some kind
            of service, usu. for the purpose of making a
            profit: Ours is a profitable business; it is a
            butcher's business. He owns a share in the family
            business. She intends to buy a business. They
            have started up a business. See one-man business
            under proprietor (under sole proprietor). (2)
            trading generally; the practice of commerce:
            We are in business together, we are partners. /
            shall be happy to do business with you. Business
            is good. Business as usual, we are carrying on
            in spite of difficulties. Several companies have
            gone out of business, have stopped trading. Gen-
            erally, the work of selling financial instruments
            including stocks and shares, trust units,
            options, contracts for futures, and life assur-
            ance policies. (3) matters for discussion or
            decision, esp. at a meeting: Business to be
            transacted. Any other business, words appearing
            on the agenda for a meeting, to allow those
            persons attending to raise matters not already
            listed in the agenda. See order of business:
            order of the day. (4) generally, something that
            has to be done; something with which one is
            closely concerned: Let us get down to business,
            let us start work on the matters needing atten-
            tion. Mind your own business, don’t interfere in
            matters that do not concern you. Business is
            business, in business life one must not allow


            ersonal feelings to influence one’s ;
            au bus. * Judgment,
            big business (co/loq.) (1) the world of lar
            powerful business organizations : Ths pew ie
            will not please big business. (2) a Partioni.:
            business organization that has large Capital al
            turnover and employs many people.
            business agent (1) in Britain, a Person wh,
            represents another and has powers to ac for
            him in business matters. (2) in US.A., an
            employee who represents a labour y
            business matters.
            business barometer STK. EXCH. (1) anythin
            which acts as a pointer for businessmen, eg,
            investors, to changes in market Conditions
            See barometer stock. Syn. economic indicator:
            leading indicator. (2) an average of varioy;
            index numbers each dealing with a particuyla,
            field of economic activity, the aim being to
            give investors a general idea of changes in the
            economic climate. Among the main indicators
            are: consumer price indexes, interest rates,
            inflation rates, trade levels, foreign exchange
            rates, the unemployment rate, bank debits,
            new orders and capital expenditure.
            business card COM. a small piece of card
            printed with one’s name and the name and
            address of one’s business, used when making
            business visits.

            business cycle see trade cycle under cycle.

            business day see non-business days.

            business economics com. the study of the
            production, supply and distribution of goods
            and services, now usu. called commerce.

            business economist see economist.

            business entity concept AcctTs. a basic rule
            in accountancy that a business firm, being a
            corporation, has an existence of its own, sepa-
            rate from the persons who own or run it, and
            that therefore the only dealings entered in the
            firm’s account books are those that relate to
            the business itself and must not include the
            personal affairs of its owners.

            Business Expansion Scheme FIN. in Britain,
            a government plan set up in 1983 to persuade
            investors to take shares in certain unlisted,
            usu. smaller, companies which would otherwise
            have difficulty in getting finance at reasonable
            rates. B.E.S. investors receive a large amount
            of tax relief. To get this, they must take at least
            £500 worth but not more than £40,000 worth
            of shares, must not control more than 30% of
            the capital, must hold the shares for at least 5
            years, and must not be a director or employee
            of the company. Abbr. B.E.S.

            business game MAN. a decision-centred train-
            ing method in which teams of managers play
            the roles of companies competing against each
            other. See also simulation.

            business interruption policy see consequen-
            tial loss policy under insurance policy.


                evince -p 93 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            5 ae ees

            aw see commercial law.
            ai nee practical ; methodical; using care,
            d common sense; clever at business,
            being a good manager. The office manager is
            very business-like. This is a business-like system.
            You must be more business-like in your work, use
            more care and skill.
            businessman COM. & IND. a man who works,
            or is employed, in business, esp. a man who
            owns, or holds a high post in, a large or im-
            portant business. P/. -men. Female business-
            woman; pi. -women.
            business manager COM. (1) a person employed
            to manage the business affairs of a professional
            person, €.g. a musician, in order to leave that
            person free to carry on his profession. (2) an
            employee in a commercial or industrial concern
            who is responsible for administrative and
            financial matters.
            business premises policy see under insurance
            policy.
            business reply service CoM. an arrangement
            with the Post Office by which an advertiser who
            has been duly licensed can send out publicity
            material in a special form and invite members
            of the public to send him replies at no cost
            to themselves, the postage being paid by the
            licensee when he receives the reply.
            business strategy see under strategy.
            bust (collog.) (1) to go bankrupt; to become
            ruined, a failure: His firm has gone bust. (2) to
            break; to bankrupt; to ruin: A bad harvest can
            bust many farmers. Cf. broke. (3) (U.S.A.) a
            sudden reduction in business activity.
            bust-up (a) a violent disagreement; a quarrel:
            A bust-up in the boardroom, a quarrel among
            the directors. (6) a bankruptcy; a business
            failure.
            busy (U.S.A.) (of a telephone line) in use;
            engaged: The number is busy, so please try again
            in a few minutes.
            butt (1) a very large barrel containing beer or
            sherry (usu. 108 gals.) or wine (usu. 126 gals.).
            (2) a unit of volume for liquids (varying from
            103 to 108 gals.); two hogsheads. See cask. Syn.
            pipe.
            butty (collog.) a small contractor, esp. in coal-
            mining, who is paid by the mine-owners to get
            certain work done by a group of men, known
            i as a butty-gang, whom he employs and with
            whom he shares the profit. The arrangement
            is called the butty system.
            buy 7. CoM. (collog.) a bargain: A good buy. The
            best buy, the article or product which gives the
            / best value for money when compared with its
            : competitors,
            : “ (1) to obtain, to get possession (of something)
            Y paying a price, either in money or in goods

            bu

            bu
            skill an

            or services: To buy a house for £60,000. I bought
            7 car at an auction sale. Syn. to acquire; to
            purchase; to procure. Opp. to sell. (2) (some-


            buyer concentration - 83

            times with over) to bribe: We suspect that he
            has been bought (over), that he has been bribed.
            I will not be bought, \ will not take bribes.
            buy a bull stk. EXCH. to buy shares in the hope
            or expectation of a rise in price. Cf. sell a bear.
            buy-and-sell agreement FIN. & LAW an
            arrangement among owners of non-public com-
            panies to protect their interests, an agreement
            signed by all the owners that if at any time any
            of them decides to, or has to, give up his
            interest, the remaining owners must be given
            the right of first refusal to buy his interest ata
            fair price. Thus a sure market is provided for
            the interest of the owner who is leaving, the
            control of the business will continue without
            interference from newcomers, and disagree-
            ments and lawsuits between the owners are
            avoided.
            buy a pig in a poke com. to buy something
            without first examining it to see that it 1s good
            value: The machine which I bought in a hurry
            has proved to be a pig in a poke, it does not
            work.
            buy a pup com. (1) to buy something which
            proves to be useless and without value. (2) to
            be cheated.
            buyback com. (1) the action of buying back
            something that the buyer has earlier produced
            or owned. (2) an arrangement between a com-
            pany and a government by which the company
            has to buy back from the government a prod-
            uct, e.g. oil, which the company has produced
            but which the government claims is part of the
            country’s natural wealth. (3) a barter arrange-
            ment under which a contractor supplying or
            building an industrial, e.g. a chemical, plant,
            esp. in a foreign country, accepts the product
            of the plant as payment. (4) the action by a
            company of buying back its own issued shares.
            In those countries where this practice is
            allowed by law, including Britain and U.S.A..,
            Stock Exchange rules exist which control how
            many shares per year and at what maximum
            price a company may buy back its own shares.
            Also buy-back. Syn. share repurchase.
            buy earnings sTK. EXCH. to invest money by
            buying shares in a company which at present
            give a low yield but have a good record of
            growth in earnings which is expected to con-
            tinue and to lead to an increased yield and
            therefore to a higher price, giving the investor
            a capital gain. Syn. to buy growth.
            buyer (1) a person who buys, as opposed to one
            who sells. Syn. purchaser. Cf. seller. (2) an
            agent or employee of a business, esp. a depart-
            ment store or chain-store, who is responsible
            for buying the stocks of goods sold by the
            business. See also materials buyer; special
            buyer.
            buyer concentration IND. a situation in which
            there are only a few buyers in a commercial


                evince -p 94 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &


            84 - buyer credit

            market, e.g. a company serving the nuclear
            power industry will serve relatively few cus-
            tomers. This will tend to increase the bargain-
            ing power of the buyers.
            buyer credit BKG. a loan by an exporter to
            an overseas customer, usu. carrying an export
            credit guarantee, and usu. no more than 8%
            of the order price.
            buyer power IND. a situation in which a market
            is governed by the bargaining power of the
            buyers, e.g. many large retailers now have the
            bargaining power to put pressure on the profits
            of their suppliers.
            buyer(s) no seller(s) sTK. EXCH. describes a
            situation where there are people in the market
            who want to buy but cannot because no one is
            offering to sell. Abbr. B.N.S. Cf. seller(s) no
            buyer(s).
            buyer’s interest INSCE. the interest that an
            insured person must have in the property he is
            insuring. Thus a buyer of goods obtains an
            insurable interest, called a buyer's interest, as
            soon as he becomes the legal owner of the
            goods. See buyer’s risk (2). Syn. consignee’s
            interest.
            buyers’ market see under market.
            buyer’s monopoly see commercial monopoly
            under monopoly.
            buyer’s option to double see call-of-more
            option under option.
            buyers over STK. EXCH. words used of a market
            when there is an excess of buyers over sellers,
            or when there are no sellers at all, resulting in
            some intending buyers being unable to find
            anything to buy: Yesterday there were buyers
            over, there was little offered for sale. Cf. sellers
            over.
            buyer’s risk (1) CoM. goods offered for sale
            at buyer’s risk carry no warranty (promise of
            quality or fitness for a particular purpose). The
            intending buyer must satisfy himself that the
            goods are acceptable before buying them. The
            seller has no responsibility once a sale has
            taken place. See caveat emptor. (2) INSCE.
            where ownership of goods is passed from one
            party to another under a contract of sale, the
            point at which the buyer’s risk of loss or dam-
            age in transit (during carriage) begins usu.
            depends on who pays the carriage. If the goods
            are supplied carriage paid, the buyer’s risk
            begins when the goods are delivered to the
            buyer; and if supplied ex-factory or ex-ware-
            house or ex-wharf, the buyer’s risk begins when
            the supplier hands the goods to the carrier
            appointed by the buyer.
            buyer’s surplus see consumer’s surplus.
            buy in com. (1) at an auction sale, to buy back
            for the owner if there are no buyers at the
            reserve price. (2) to buy materials, parts, etc.
            in order to accumulate a stock to use in the
            business, not for immediate resale. (3) FIN.

            action by a government to buy its own currenc
            to prevent a fall in value or to cause an INCrease
            in value when compared with other Currencies
            (4) STK. EXCH. see buying-in.
            management buy-in FIN. & STK. EXCH. a Share
            deal in which all the shares are bought by a
            management team from outside the compan
            The management eam 's aim 1s to manage the
            company alter buying it, replacing the CXisting
            management. Cf. management buyout undey
            buyout.
            buying agent one who buys goods for his pring),
            pal. Syn. purchasing agent. Cf. selling ageny
            buying centre see decision-making unit.
            buying forward see forward buying.
            buying-in STK. EXCH. action taken by an officia|
            broker of the buying-in department of the
            London Stock Exchange to help a member who
            cannot deliver stock on a promised date, The
            department buys the necessary stock in the
            market and charges the cost to the member.
            Opp. selling-out.
            buying long STK. & COMMOD. EXCH. the action
            of a dealer who buys and holds securities or
            commodities in the expectation of a rise in
            price. See bull; long.
            buying-power see purchasing power (2).
            buying round com. (1) buying direct from a
            manufacturer or exporter instead of buying
            from wholesale agents and other middlemen.
            (2) any system of obtaining goods or of getting
            them more cheaply by avoiding ordinary chan-
            nels of supply.
            buy into FIN. (1) to buy a share in the capital
            of a business. (2) to obtain an interest in any
            investment, including a government loan.
            buy off to pay somebody money to give up a
            claim or to stop being a nuisance.
            buy out FIN. & STK. EXCH. (1) to buy the entire
            interest in a business: Jo buy out the other
            shareholders. (2) to pay money to the govern-
            ment in order to cause a person to be set free
            from service in the armed forces: He bought
            his son out of the army.
            buyout n. FIN. & STK. EXCH. the act of buying
            the whole financial interest in a business. Also
            buy-out.
            leveraged buyout a share deal in which a group
            of investors buys all the shares of a company
            with money borrowed against that company’s
            assets. Abbr. L.B.O.
            management buyout a share deal in which all
            the shares in a company are bought by mem-
            bers of the top management of the company.
            It may or may not be a leveraged buyout
            depending on whether or not payment is made
            with money borrowed against the company’s
            assets. See leveraged buyout above. Addr.
            M.B.O. Cf. management buy-in under buy 10.
            buy over to bribe.
            buy turnover com. to obtain a high volume of


                evince -p 95 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            ——E_-—M — et ee

            sales, but at the expense of making little or no

            rofit.

            a y up (1) STK. EXCH. to buy as many shares in

            Foul: nv as one can get, usu. to
            ae ee acct = to force up he market
            obtain contro ; |

            rice. He bought up most of the shares in John

            Smith Ltd. and is now its chairman. (2) COMMOD.

            EXCH. to buy as much of a commodity as one

            can in order to control its supply: We intend to

            buy up every ton of coffee in the market.

            b.v. book value.

            B.V. Bureau Veritas; book value.

            B.W. bonded warehouse; British Waterways.

            bx., bxs. box; boxes.

            By AccTs. in respect of a credit entry: By cheque
            £5,a bookkeeping entry showing that a cheque
            for £5 has been received and is now credited
            to the account of the person who sent the
            cheque; the opposite of To, used to show debit
            entries.

            by-law or bye-law LAw (1) a law of less import-
            ance than a main law such as statute law or
            the rules contained in the constitution of an
            organization. (2) one of a set of detailed laws
            made by a local government authority or a
            public corporation, e.g. the railways, using
            powers given by Act of Parliament. Such by-
            laws are examples of delegated legislation. (3)
            one of a set of detailed rules made by an
            organization such as a club or society in
            addition to the main rules in its constitution.
            See standing orders. (4) in U.S.A., one of a set
            of rules made by the body of members of a
            corporation, in addition to the rules in its
            corporation charter, for the proper running of
            its affairs.

            ; by-product IND. some useful but less important

            substance or thing which happens to be pro-

            duced in the course of manufacturing a more
            important or main product. Cf. end-product;

            7 spin off.

            byte comp. a set, usu. of 8 bits (binary digits)
            and usu. making up part of a word or number;
            often used as a unit when stating the size of

            , the memory of a computer: A data bank of 60

            million bytes. Also bite. Syn. character. See also

            kilobyte; megabyte under mega-.

            | C

            P C. Cape; the Roman numeral for 100; C.19, the

            nineteenth century; Celsius; centigrade.

            3 C comp. a programming language much used by

            i expert programmers on microcomputers. It is
            a high-level language that can be used with

            : smaller and simpler machines.

            ‘ © copyright, see copyright notice.

            . C. cent(s); centime(s); case.

            “ C., Ca. circa.

            ;


            cable rate - 85

            CA, Cal., Calif. California, U.S.A.

            C.A. chartered accountant; commercial agent,
            commission agent; Consumers’ Association,
            credit account; current account.

            C/A. capital account; credit account; current
            account.

            C.A.A. Civil Aviation Authority. !

            C.A.B. in Britain, Citizens’ Advice Bureau; in
            U.S.A., Civil Aeronautics Board.

            cab TRANSPT. (1) a taxi. (2) the driver’s space in
            a truck or locomotive. |

            cabin sHIPG. & TOUR. (1) a private room in a
            ship: A two-berth cabin. The captain’s cabin. Cf
            saloon. |
            cabin baggage bags, suitcases, etc. which a
            passenger needs during the voyage and keeps
            in the cabin. Cf. hold baggage. —
            cabin class a class of passenger-ship accommo-
            dation, lower in comfort than first class but
            higher than tourist class.
            cabin passenger one travelling cabin class.
            cabin ship a ship carrying only cabin-class pas-
            sengers.

            (2) the space for passengers in an aeroplane.
            (3) a hut or small building used esp. as sleeping
            accommodation by visitors, e.g. in the grounds
            of a hotel or holiday camp: A /ake-side cabin.

            cabinet (1) the group of chief ministers who
            govern a country. (2) a piece of office furniture
            with drawers or trays for keeping papers, etc. :
            A filing/card-index cabinet; or with shelves: A
            drinks/display cabinet.

            cable n. (1) SHIPG. the rope or chain by which a
            ship is anchored. Cable’s length, a unit of length
            used by seamen, 100 fathoms or approx. 200
            yds. (Britain), 240 yds. (U.S.A.). (2) a metal
            line running over or under the ground or under
            the sea for sending messages, pictures and
            sounds by electricity. (3) a message sent by this
            means to or from a place across the sea; an
            overseas or foreign telegram sent by under-
            water cable, not by radio. Cf. radiogram.

            v. to send a message by cable: To cable the lates:
            market information. Please cable instructions. Cf.
            telegraph; radio-telegraph.

            cable address a shortened address, officially
            recorded with the authorities, to which cables
            and telegrams may be sent. Syn. telegraphic
            address.

            cable company one which provides the public
            with a service by sending cables (messages by
            submarine cable) between countries separated
            by sea. Most submarine cables are now owned
            by governments but some are still owned by
            commercial concerns. In Britain, cables go
            mainly through Cable and Wireless Ltd., a
            company formerly owned by the British
            Government, now privatized.

            cablegram a message sent by submarine cable.
            Syn. cable. Cf. telegram.

            cable rate BKG. in foreign-exchange dealings,


                evince -p 96 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            86 - cablese

            the rate of exchange for cable or telegraphic
            transfers. Cf. cheque rate; sight rate.

            cablese the special kind of language used by
            writers of cables and telegrams, using as few
            words as possible, e.g. unreceived for not
            received. Unnecessary articles (a, an, the) and
            polite expressions (please, thank you) are omit-
            ted; some words are combined or adapted,
            comma, colon and full stop are spelt out, and so
            are important numbers. Cf. journalese;
            officialese.

            cable transfer BKG. & COM. a quick way of
            sending a bank draft to a place in a foreign
            country by cable or telegraph. The service
            is performed by banks on the orders of the
            customer. Syn. telegraphic transfer (abbr.
            T.T.). Cf. mail transfer. Abbr. C.T.

            cableway see ropeway.

            cabotage sHIPG. (1) coastal shipping, usu. by
            small or medium-sized ships making short voy-
            ages between ports in the same country. (2) the
            action of some governments in forbidding ships
            of foreign countries to make such voyages
            within the coastal waters of the home country.

            ca’canny IND. REL. a Scottish expression mean-
            ing ‘act cautiously’, used of workers who inten-
            tionally work slowly in order to improve their
            bargaining-power with their employers. Syn.
            go-slow.

            C.A.C.M. Central American Common Market.

            C.A.D., c.a.d. computer-aided design.

            c.a.d. cash against documents.

            C.A.D./C.A.M. computer-aided design and
            manufacture.

            cadastre LAW & TAXN. a detailed register (official
            record) of the ownership of land, mainly for
            the purpose of collecting taxes, made with the
            help of a large-scale map called a cadastral
            survey, see under survey.

            cadge (collog.) to beg for money; to borrow
            money or small things without having any
            intention of repaying: Don’t lend to him for he
            is always cadging something. Syn. (colloq.) to
            touch.

            c.a.f. (1) cofit, assurance, fret. (2) cost and
            freight.

            Cairnes John Elliot (1823-75), Irish economist,
            Professor of Political Economy in Galway and
            London Universities. Cairnes was the last of
            the Classical School of economists, whose ideas
            and teachings he restated in his book Some
            Leading Principles of Political Economy Newly
            Expounded (1874). His work on monetary the-
            ory, imperfect competition and monopolies
            was important. His examination of the eco-
            nomics of slave labour greatly influenced
            opinion in Britain to favour the North in the
            American Civil War of 1861-5.

            Cal., CA, Calif. California, U.S.A.

            cal. calendar.

            calculating machine see calculator.

            calculator any instrument or machine which
            determines the answers to questions by math-
            ematics quickly and accurately. Syn. calculat-
            ing machine. Cf. computer.

            calendar a table arranged to show the days of
            the week for each of 12 months in a particula;
            year. Abbr. cal.
            calendar day a day of 24 hours from midnight
            to midnight.
            calendar month a month of 28, 29, 30 or 31 days
            as it is given in the calendar. Cf. lunar month
            calendar year a year of 365 or 366 days from |
            January to 31 December as given in the calep-
            dar for the year. Cf. financial year; fiscal year.

            calendar-line see date-line.

            Calif., CA, Cal. California, U.S.A.

            call n. (1) BKG. a demand by a lender for payment
            of money that has been advanced on condition
            that the lender can claim its immediate repay-
            ment at call, or on call, i.e. without notice and
            at any time he wishes. (In practice 24 hours or
            more may be allowed to the borrower.) (2)
            SHIPG. a short visit to a port: The ship is making
            a call at Alexandria. Port of call, a port where
            ships regularly stop to get fuel, stores and
            repairs. (3) STK. EXCH. a demand by a company
            for payment of money due by a shareholder
            who has been allotted shares in a new issue in
            which the shares are not fully paid. The total
            price of the shares may be divided into several
            payments or instalments: the first on appli-
            cation; the next on allotment; a further pay-
            ment on first call and the remainder by one or
            more calls which are the second or third (or
            more) calls, the last being the final call. The
            calls are usu. made several months apart by
            call letter. The shares are said to be paid up
            when the final call has been paid. Failure to
            pay a call may mean that the shareholder will
            lose his right to the share and to any money
            he has already paid. Call letter, a letter to a
            shareholder from a company calling for pay-
            ment of the balance, or part of the balance of
            money due for shares. See called-up capital. (4)
            a telephone conversation or connection. (5)
            STK. & COMMOD. EXCH. a right to buy (a stated
            number of securities or quantity of a com-
            modity) at a stated price and date. See call
            option under option. Opp. put. (6) COM. a short
            visit made by a businessman, esp. a travelling
            representative or commercial traveller, to a
            customer such as a shopkeeper with a view to
            selling him goods or services.
            cold call see separate entry.

            (7) FIN. the date on which a bond may be
            repaid. See callable bond under bond.

            v. (1) to invite notice or help: To call attention
            to a mistake. To call the police/the fire brigade/an
            ambulance. (2) to telephone somebody: He call-
            ed me from Beirut. (3) to cause to come or to
            happen: He called a meeting. Call the next case,


                evince -p 97 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &


            w. (4) to regard as; to consider:
            deal, consider the bargain as
            completely agreed. / call that cheating, | con-
            sider that dishonest. (5) to demand, e.g. pay-
            ment: Zo call loans, to demand that debtors
            pay what they owe. / called his bluff, demanded
            roof that he was not deceiving me.
            call in (a) to demand payment of debts; to
            collect money due: The bank called in his
            overdraft/advance. (5) to take back from circu-
            tation: The publishers have called in all copies of
            the book for correction. All £50 notes have been
            called in by the Bank of England.
            call off to cause something to stop or not to
            take place: The union has called off the strike,
            has ordered its members to return to work. The
            meeting has been called off, will not now take
            place. Call it off, go no further with the matter.
            call on or upon (a) to demand that money owing
            be paid or that some promised action be taken:
            We call (up) on you to pay your debt. They called
            (up)on him to increase their wages. (b) to make
            a short visit to: Our sales representative will call
            on you.
            call out to order or to direct workers to strike:
            The union leaders called out the dockers.
            callable bond see under bond, n.
            callable preferred stock (U.S.A.) a fixed-
            interest stock, e.g. debentures, which may be
            repaid at a stated price or replaced by another
            stock at any time that the borrowing organiza-
            tion may decide. Syn. redeemable stock.
            call birds com. (collog.) goods sold by a shop-
            keeper at a very low price in order to tempt
            buyers into his shop where they may be charged
            high prices on other goods. Cf. loss leader.
            call-box a small box-like building, or enclosure
            in a building, containing a coin-operated tele-
            phone for use by the public. Syn. coin-box;
            phone-box (collog.); telephone kiosk.
            call deposit BKG. money left with a bank by
            its customers which is repayable at call, 1.e.
            without notice. See call rate.
            called bond see under bond, n.
            called-up capital sTK. EXCH. & FIN. that part
            of the issued share-capital of a company which
            has been called up, i.e. partly paid by instal-
            ments on application, on allotment or by one
            or more calls, but not the final call, there being
            still a balance to be called. After the final call
            has been paid, the shares are no longer called-
            up capital, but fully-paid capital. See call (3).
            caller com. (1) a visitor; a person who makes a
            short visit. Callers welcome, (in advertisements)
            you are welcome to visit our shop/office/
            factory. (2) the person who originates a tele-
            phone call (causes it to happen). Syn. calling
            subscriber.
            call forward MAN. in telecommunications, an
            arrangement whereby an incoming telephone

            in a court of la
            Let us call it a

            Cambridge School - 87

            call can be automatically diverted to another
            extension.

            calling a profession, business or employment,
            the kind of work one does for a living: What
            is your calling? Let him follow his calling.
            calling card a small printed card with one’s
            name (and perh. address) on it, used when
            calling on (visiting) people. Syn. visiting card. |
            Cf. business card.
            call loan FIN. & BKG. a loan that is repayable at
            call. See call (1).
            call money (1) BKG. the total of all advances
            made by a bank at call at any one time. 5ee
            money at call and short notice. (2) STK. EXCH.
            see option.
            call of more see option.
            call on shares see call (3).
            call option see under option.
            call, port of see port of call. )
            call rate (1) BKG. the rate of interest paid by a
            bank on customers’ call deposits. This rate is
            lower than that paid on ©.g. seven-day and
            thirty-day deposits. (2) Com. the number of
            visits to customers or potential customers made
            by a sales representative in a given period of
            time.
            calls in arrears (1) FIN. money owing to a
            company by shareholders who have failed to
            answer one or more calls for payment on shares
            issued to them. See call, n. (3). (2) ACCTS.
            the heading of an account recording the sums
            owing by shareholders who are in arrears in
            paying calls. The total is the difference between
            called-up capital and paid-up capital. See for-
            feited shares under share.
            C.A.M., c.a.m. computer-aided manufacture.
            camber SHIPG. (1) a small dock (enclosed water)
            where ships can be tied up to load, etc. (2) a
            sloping surface, esp. on a road or rail track; a
            track or road sloping down into the water for
            pulling boats on land. Syn. slip; slipway.
            cambist com. (1) a dealer in bills of exchange
            and foreign currencies. A professional person
            with special knowledge of foreign exchanges.
            (2) a book or list giving information about
            foreign currencies, weights and measures.
            Cambridge School ECON. THEORY a school of
            economic thought set up mainly by Alfred
            Marshall (1842-1924), Professor of Political
            Economy at Cambridge from 1885 to 1908,
            and built up by a group of followers during the
            last years of the nineteenth century. Sometimes
            called the Neo-Classical School, its members
            aimed at restating the ideas and teachings of
            the classical economists but brought scientific
            methods into economic analysis in order to
            measure the results of human behaviour in a
            price-system. Alfred Marshall and his fol-
            lowers, esp. A.C. Pigou, also a professor at
            Cambridge, introduced the theory of equilib-
            rium in an economic society, and developed
            the Quantity Theory of Money. They advanced



                evince -p 98 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            88 - Cambs.

            the ideas of quasi-rent, consumer surplus and
            elasticity; and they produced a detailed analy-
            sis of monopoly conditions. They greatly influ-
            enced the study of economics. Syn. Marshallian
            School; Neo-Classical School.

            Cambs. Cambridgeshire, England.

            cameralism ECON. HIST. the system of manage-
            ment of state finances in central Europe, esp.
            Germany and Austria, during the seventeenth
            and eighteenth centuries. It was a form of
            mercantilism but in addition to encouraging
            active foreign trade, it aimed ai building a
            strong economic and monetary system on
            which to base the rule of the State. A/so kamer-
            alism.

            Campaign CoM. any planned operation or group
            of activities which aims to obtain a particular
            result, e.g. An economy campaign, to reduce
            expenses; A sales campaign, to sell more goods.
            See advertising campaign.

            camper TOUR. (1) a person who lives in a camp.
            (2) a motor vehicle fitted with beds, tables,
            cooking and washing arrangements, used as a
            temporary home by travellers or holidaymak-
            ers. Also camper-van. Cf. caravan.

            Ccamp(ing) site TouR. an area of enclosed land
            where people on holiday may camp, usu. for a
            week or two, in return for payment which
            includes the cost of services such as a supply of
            water, electricity and perh. also baths, kitchens
            and arrangements for playing games.

            Can. Canada.

            can n. IND. & COM. a metal airtight container
            for preserving small quantities of goods, esp.
            foods, which need to be kept away from the
            atmosphere.

            v. to preserve by packing in cans: the canning
            industry. Canned foods.

            canal a man-made watercourse for the passage
            of boats or ships or as a channel for a supply
            of water. Canal boat, a narrow barge or boat
            specially intended for use on canals, sometimes
            called a narrow boat on certain canals in Bri-
            tain. Canal tolls, charges which owners of canal

            boats or ships have to pay for using canals.
            ship-canal a large canal able to allow passage
            to ocean-going ships. The most important are:
            Gota (Sweden) approx. length 115 m.; Kiel
            (West Germany) 61 m.; Panama (Central
            America) 50 m.; St Lawrence Seaway (N.
            America) 140 m.; Suez (Egypt) 100 m.; Wel-
            land (Canada) 27 m.

            cancel (1) LAW to draw lines across words in a
            document, e.g. a lease, in order to stop it from
            having legal effect. A document, e.g. a contract,
            may also be cancelled if the word cancelled is
            written across it and the signatures of the
            parties are added. A postage stamp is cancelled
            by stamping a mark on it to prevent it from
            being used again. See cancelled cheque under

            __ cheque. (2) co. to destroy the force of; make

            ee.

            no longer effective: Please cancel my order, q :

            not act upon it. / wish to cancel my booking of

            a room in your hotel/a passage on your ship/a

            seat in an airliner or theatre. The meeting js

            cancelled, it will not now take place. Syn. annul:
            countermand.
            c. and d., c. & d. collection and delivery.
            candela the basic S.1. unit of luminous intensity
            (strength of light), Abbr. cd.
            c. and f., c. & f. cost and freight.

            c. andi., c. & i. cost and insurance.

            candidate (1) a person who offers himself for.
            and tries to get, a job, an elected post o,
            membership of an organization, ¢€.g. a Society
            or club. He is a candidate for the post of sales
            director. She is a candidate for the Writers’
            Society. (2) a person taking an examination.

            C. & M. care and maintenance basis.

            Candlemas see quarter-day.

            candle-power a unit of measurement of the
            strength of light, esp. of the light given by a
            lamp. Abbr. c.p.

            _ Cannan Sir Edwin (1861-1935), British econo-
            mist, Professor at the London School of
            Economics, London University. He was parti-
            cularly interested in the growth of economic
            ideas. His book Wealth (1914) showed that he
            was less critical of classical economists than he
            had earlier been. He regarded economics as
            the study of material welfare.

            cannibalization IND. a situation in which one
            of a company’s products gains sales at the
            expense of another of the same company’s
            products. This happens when the products are
            too similar.

            Cantab. Cambridge (Latin: Cantabrigiensis)
            esp. relating to Cambridge University, e.g.
            M.A. (Cantab.).

            canteen a restaurant for the workers in a factory
            or office. Syn. staff restaurant.

            Cantillon Richard (d. 1734), British economist,
            born in Ireland, ran a banking business in
            Paris but later moved to London. His Essai sur
            la Nature du Commerce en Général, published
            in 1755 but written about 30 years earlier, was
            one of the first to analyse the nature of wealth,
            the uses of currency, and the basis of agricul-
            tural economics. It greatly influenced the writ-
            ings of the physiocrats.

            Canton system ECON. HIsT. the organization
            and controlling of foreign trade in a place or
            region by bodies of merchants. The system
            takes its name from Canton, China, where
            from about 1760 to 1842 the Chinese Imperial
            Government appointed a cohong or body of
            13 Chinese merchants or hongs to control all
            foreign ships coming to Canton. The cohong
            made the British East India Company respon-
            sible for the behaviour of all British ships
            and men. The two governments did not deal
            directly with each other.


                evince -p 99 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            ——~__———“‘<;7TCRS”

            canvasser a person who canvasses, 1.€. goes
            from house to house asking people to buy his
            things, or asking their opinion of a product,
            idea, political party, etc.

            cap. capital; capital letter; foolscap.

            c.A.P. Common Agricultural Policy.

            capacity (1) IND. the amount that a factory or
            process can produce in a certain time: The
            capacity of this plant is 100 tons a day. Installed
            capacity, the highest amount that can be
            expected if the plant is fully used. Utilized
            capacity, the amount actually produced when
            the plant is not being fully used; the part not
            being used is excess capacity or over-capacity or
            surplus capacity. Capacity factor, the percentage
            of utilized capacity to installed capacity. Syn.
            plant factor; load factor. (2) the amount that
            anything can hold: Cubic capacity. The dead-
            weight capacity of a ship, the weight of cargo,
            fuel, stores, etc. that a ship can carry when
            fully loaded, (See deadweight tonnage.) The
            capacity of the dock is 17 ships, it does not have
            room for more. The hall was filled to capacity,
            it was full of people.

            capacity fill rnb. the extra production or busi-
            ness which 1s not part of a company’s normal
            business, but which is taken on to fill unused
            capacity and thus make the assets more pro-
            ductive and cost-efficient.

            Capacity to contract LAW the power of a
            person to be a party to a contract, 1.e. his
            legal capacity, meaning that he 1s not legally
            prevented by, e.g. bankruptcy or insanity
            (madness).

            capital (1) ECON. THEORY in economics, accumu-
            lated wealth or property used in the production
            of further wealth; one of the factors of pro-
            duction (the others being land and labour).
            Human capital, \abour as a factor of production.
            (2) in business, capital is the value, measured
            in units of money, of real assets, 1.e. assets in
            the form of property other than money, e.g.
            machinery, buildings and stocks of materials.
            The capital of a company is the money which
            its shareholders have put into the concern to
            buy the real assets it needs to start up and carry
            on the business; it is usu. calculated to be its
            net worth (the value of its assets /ess the amount
            it owes to its creditors). Syn. share-capital. (3)
            the capital of a private person is the total
            value of the property he owns, including land,
            buildings, machines, tools, investments, goods
            such as jewels, pictures, furniture, cash, money
            in the bank and money owing to him less
            money owed by him. (4) the capital of govern-
            ments and public authorities is the land,
            machinery, buildings, etc. they own /ess their
            share of the national debt.
            active capital assets held in the form of money
            or in any other form that can quickly be turned
            into money.

            capital - 89

            authorized capital see separate entry.

            called-up capital see separate entry.

            circulating capital see working capital below.
            contributed capital see paid-up capital below.
            current capital see working capital below.

            dead capital capital which is held in some
            unproductive investment or lying uninvested.
            Syn. dead money.

            debenture capital see loan capital below.

            equity capital that part of the capital of a
            company that consists of ordinary, deferred,
            deferred ordinary or founders’ shares, all of
            which together, in effect, carry the right of
            ownership (the equity) in the business. Syn.
            junior capital,

            fixed capital that part of the capital of a busi-
            ness which is represented by the value of pro-
            ducer goods, i.e. goods held and used to
            produce the products which the business sells.
            Syn. fixed assets. See capital expenditure.

            flight capital money which rich people have
            sent away to another country because they fear
            future political trouble in their own country.
            floating capital see working capital below.

            free capital capital held in the form of money.
            impaired capital of the subscribed capital of a
            company, that part which is not represented
            by assets and which therefore has no backing
            if the company goes into liquidation.

            invested capital see capital structure.

            issued capital the total amount of capital actu-
            ally issued in shares to the members (share-
            holders) of a company. Cf. paid-up capital;
            subscribed capital.

            junior capital see equity capital above.

            liquid capital see working capital below.

            loan capital a debt owed by a company to one
            or more creditors who have lent money to it.
            Such capital is not part of the owners’ share-
            capital and is usually called debenture capital.
            See debenture; debenture stock.

            money capital capital held in the form of
            money, with which a business intends to buy
            real assets. Cf. real capital.

            national capital the total value of all capital
            owned in a particular country. Syn. national
            wealth.

            ordinary capital that part of a company’s capital
            issued in the form of ordinary shares. These
            have a right to receive a dividend out of net
            profits remaining after the company has paid
            the fixed dividends on preference shares. Cf.
            preference capital.

            paid-in capital see paid-up capital below.
            paid-up capital of a company, the total amount
            actually paid up on the issued capital. This
            amount is equal to the amount of the issued
            capital /ess the value of calls in arrears. Syn.
            (U.S.A.) paid-in capital; contributed capital.
            preference capital that part of a company’s
            capital issued in the form of preference shares.



                evince -p 100 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &


            90 - capital account

            These have a right to receive a fixed rate of
            dividend out of net profits before the ordinary
            shares receive any dividend, i.e. they have a
            claim to preference over the ordinary shares.

            Cf. ordinary capital. ;
            primary capital (of a bank) reserves either held

            in cash or deposited with another bank. |
            real capital the actual property of all kinds
            (except money) belonging to a business. Cf.
            money capital.
            refugee capital see hot money under money.
            reserve capital see uncalled capital below.
            risk capital capital open to rather large risk of
            loss. Cf. security capital. Syn. venture capital.
            security capital capital that is safely invested,
            with little risk of loss. Cf. risk capital.
            share-capital see capital (2).
            social capital see infrastructure.
            specific capital a special kind of fixed capital,
            consisting of a capital asset which can be used
            only for one particular purpose, e.g.a machine |
            for making only one kind of paper. (
            split capital see separate entry.
            subscribed capital of a company, that part of |
            the issued capital that is issued for cash and
            not for consideration other than cash, such as
            for property or for shares in another company.
            Syn. subscriber capital. See also authorized
            capital.
            trading capital the combined value of the fixed
            and current assets of a business.
            uncalled capital of a company, that part of the
            issued capital which has not yet been called
            up. Cf. called-up capital; unissued capital. It
            is called reserve capital if it is intended to be
            called up only in the event of the company
            being wound up (brought to an end).
            unissued capital of a company, that part of
            the authorized capital which has not yet been
            issued. Cf. uncalled capital.
            venture capital see risk capital above.
            working capital the stock of money needed by
            a business in order to keep trading or to carry
            on production. It consists of stocks and liquid
            resources (cash and things that can quickly be
            turned into cash); and it is equal to the diffe-
            rence between the current assets and the cur-
            rent liabilities. Syn. circulating capital; floating
            capital; liquid capital; liquid assets; net cur-
            rent assets; circulating assets; (U.S.A.) current
            capital.

            capital account ACcCTs. a ledger account in
            which all dealings between the owners and the
            business are recorded; it is so called because it
            records the amounts of capital which the
            owners invest in or pay to the business, and
            any amounts they take out of it. Abbr C/A.

            capital accumulation ECON. THEORY the prac-
            tice by consumers of increasing their stock of
            abmetbdulguaaaiieen

            | aside to be used in the

            _ - -

            future) to increase the supply of capital goods
            (goods such as machinery and buildings needed
            to produce further goods). To increase output
            a country must accumulate new capital at a
            faster rate than it uses up its existing stock of
            capital goods. Syn. capital formation.
            sapital allowances TAXN. a certain amount of :
            profit allowed free of tax to a business to cover :
            the cost of replacing the wear and tear of
            its fixed assets, esp. machinery and industrial
            buildings. Capital allowances may be more
            favourable than the depreciation allowance :
            used by the business in its accounts. For exam-
            ple, to stimulate investment, a government may
            allow a business to write off the whole cost of an |
            asset against tax in one year. Syn. investment
            allowances.
            capital appreciation COM., FIN. & STK. EXCH.
            an increase in the market value of an invest-
            ment esp. in shares or in property.
            capital assets see fixed assets under assets, pl.
            capital bonus see special bonus under bonus,
            insurance. |
            capital budget (1) FIN. that part of the national
            budget of a country that relates to receipts and
            payments mainly of a capital nature met by
            borrowing by the State rather than from tax-
            ation. See above the line; budget (2). (2) MAN.
            & ACCTS. a budget showing probable future
            receipts and payments of a capital nature, such
            as in buying and selling fixed assets, during a
            stated period, e.g. a year; perh. also showing
            how these receipts may be employed and how
            these payments may be met. See budget (3).
            capital charges FIN. & ACCTS. the cost to a
            business of paying interest on loan capital
            (money it has borrowed) and of providing (set-
            ting profits aside) for depreciation of fixed
            assets and repayment of capital when due.
            capital consumption see under consumption.
            capital deepening ECON. the investment of
            capital in such a way as to replace present
            machinery with new but more labour-saving
            machines, without increasing capacity (the
            amount that the machines can produce). Cf.
            capital widening.
            capital duty TAXN. the stamp duty that has to
            be paid by a limited company on any shares
            that it issues.

            capital employed FIN. & ACctTs. the amount
            of money that is being effectively used in a
            business, that is, the difference between the
            total value of all the assets and the total value
            of all the liabilities. It is equal to the balance
            of the capital account, and is called the net
            assets. Cf. capital invested. Syn. capital owned.

            capital equipment ACCTs. & COM. machinery,
            instruments, vehicles, tools, etc. owned and
            used by a business to produce its finished prod-
            uct or to supply the services it provides. Syn.
            fixed assets. See accelerated depreciation.

            el
            ——- is

            me


                evince -p 101 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            capital expenditure ACCTS. & MAN. money
            spent by a business on buying a fixed asset,
            e.g. machinery or a building, and on stocks of
            materials to be used for producing the finished
            products of the business Syn. capital outlay.

            capital, flight of see flight of capital.

            capital formation see capital accumulation.

            capital gain FIN. & TAXN. an increase in the
            money value of a capital asset such as build-
            ings, land, or shares in a company. The gain
            may be realized, 1.e. turned into money, when
            the asset is sold, but until then it remains an
            unrealized gain. Cf. capital loss.
            capital gains tax see under tax. Abbr. C.G.T.

            capital gearing see gearing.

            capital goods see under goods (7).

            capital grant see under grant.

            capital-intensive IND. of an industry, needing
            a large amount of capital per employee to
            produce its products, e.g. the petroleum indus-
            try, the electricity industry. Cf. labour-inten-
            sive.

            capital invested FIN. & ACCTS. the total amount

            of actual money and the money value of any
            property other than money, brought into a
            business by its owner(s). This amount is not
            affected by any profits made or losses suffered
            by the business, nor by the amount of any
            liabilities. Cf. capital employed.

            capital investment see under investment.

            capitalism ECON. pure capitalism is, in theory,
            an economic system in which capital, rep-
            resenting the means of production, is owned
            by private persons, who are free to carry on
            business, to make profits, and to work, as they
            wish, without any interference from the State.
            In practice in advanced economies, the State
            has to interfere in order to put right the weak-
            nesses of the system, e.g. by controlling the
            supply of money, by financing and managing
            public utilities and nationalized industries, by
            limiting monopolies, and by helping private
            industry where needed. This form of capitalism
            is known as a mixed capital(ist) economy. Syn.
            capitalist economy; free enterprise; private
            enterprise. See also state capitalism.

            Capital issue STK. EXCH. the issue of shares in a
            company. The action of a company in allotting
            shares to those persons or organizations who
            have applied for them.

            capitalist ECON. (1) a person who provides capi-
            tal of his own or organizes the collection of
            capital belonging to others, in order to set
            up and operate a business. (2) a person who
            possesses great wealth, esp. wealth which is
            invested, and is thus powerful in the economic
            life of the country. (3) a person who believes a
            capitalist system is the best form of economic
            organization. Cf. Communist, Socialist, etc.
            capitalist economy see capitalism.

            Capitalization sTK. EXCH. (1) see capital struc-

            capital market - 91

            ture.
            thin capitalization a scheme to avoid tax by
            which a company starts with a small share-
            capital, borrows big sums in the form of in-
            house loans from its own associate companies
            and sets off the interest against profits for tax
            purposes, thus making itself liable for little or
            no tax.
            (2) (a) the total market value of a company’s
            capital, called the market capitalization. This is
            measured by multiplying the number of shares
            issued by the market price of a share. (b)
            market capitalization may also mean the total]
            market value of the shares of all the companies
            listed on a particular stock exchange at a given
            time. |
            capitalization of reserves STK. EXCH. an issue
            of bonus shares, free of cost and only to existing
            shareholders, using part of the company’s
            reserves. The purpose is either to increase the
            amount of the capital to be more in accord
            with the company’s assets or to take the place
            of a dividend when the company is short of
            cash. See bonus shares. Syn. bonus issue; free
            issue; capitalization issue; scrip issue.
            capitalize (1) STK. EXCH. to take money out of
            the reserves of a company and turn it into
            capital by giving it to the shareholders in the
            form of extra shares, usu. called bonus shares.
            See bonus issue under bonus shares; scrip issue
            under issue of securities. (2) FIN. to sell an asset
            and thus obtain its capital value. (3) FIN. to
            calculate the present value of an asset, esp. one
            which brings an income. See capital value. (4)
            FIN. to provide money to be used as capital in
            a business concern.
            capitalized value FIN. & STK. EXCH. a way of
            calculating the value of a business by dividing
            the annual profit by a figure equal to the present
            market rate of earnings of businesses with the
            same kind of risks. Syn. capital value.
            capital levy TAXN. a special tax on the capital,
            i.e. the total value of the property and pos-
            sessions, of private persons. Such a tax usu.
            has to be paid out of capital. It is only applied
            once and then usu. in a sudden and serious
            situation such as a war or an event of great
            natural misfortune; but in some countries a
            capital levy has been used as a means of re-
            distributing wealth. See capital taxation.
            capital loss AccTs. & FIN. a loss arising from
            the sale of a fixed asset. Cf. capital profit.
            capital market FIN. a place, e.g. a large city,
            which is a centre for raising the long-term
            capital needed by commercial and industrial
            concerns, the central and local governments
            and other organizations. The money is supplied
            by investors, who may range from private
            savers to large insurance companies, pension
            funds, etc: The raising of new capital is usu.
            arranged by issuing-houses, who are in touch



                evince -p 102 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &


            92 - capital movements

            with large investors, and the stock exchanges
            provide a market once the shares and loans
            have been issued. Cf. money market.

            capital movements FIN. the flow of capital
            between one country and another. A capital
            inflow consists of money coming into the coun-
            try from loans, repayments of loans and sales
            of investments made abroad. An outflow takes
            place in the opposite direction, when money
            leaves the country. Syn. capital transfers.

            capital outlay see capital expenditure

            capital-outlay ratio ECON. a means of measur-
            ing how well capital is being used; it is obtained
            by calculating the value of capital used to
            produce a given amount of output. The
            increase in this ratio during a stated period
            is called the incremental capital output ratio
            (I.C.O.R.).

            capital owned see capital employed.

            capital profit see under profit.

            Capital ratio BGK. the ratio of a bank’s capital
            to its assets. The assets are not allowed by the
            central bank to exceed a certain ratio of the
            capital and reserves, to avoid the bank being
            unable to meet bad debts.

            Capital rationing FIN. a situation in which
            there is insufficient capital available to fund
            all proposed investment projects. This makes
            some form of investment judgement necessary
            so that it can be decided which of the proposals
            should be accepted.

            capital redemption policy see under
            insurance policy.

            capital redemption reserve fund ACCTS. &
            FIN. a reserve fund (stock of money set aside
            from profits) which must by law be set up by
            a company that has issued redeemable prefe-
            rence shares. The fund is used to repay the
            holders of these particular shares. Money that
            has been set aside for this purpose cannot be
            used for paying dividends. See capital reserve.

            capital, reduction of see under reduction of
            capital.

            capital reserve see under reserves.

            capital stock (1) (U.S.A.) STK. EXCH. the entire
            shares of a joint-stock corporation (company),
            the holders of which together form the owner-
            ship of the concern. (2) ECON. the total of all
            fixed capital invested in a country.

            capital structure FIN. & STK. EXCH. the different
            kinds of shares, stock, etc. which together
            compose a company’s capital. Syn. capitaliza-
            tion; invested capital.

            capital sum INCE. the amount of money payable
            by an insurance company to the insured person
            on the happening of a stated event, e.g. his
            reaching a certain age.

            capital surplus see capital profit under profit.

            capital taxation TAXN. a system of taxing a
            private person on the total value of his property
            and possessions as opposed to his income.



            There are several forms: an annual Capital
            tax; a capital levy; death or estate duty; an
            inheritance tax; a capital transfer or gift tax:
            a capital gains tax. See capital tax under tax

            capital transfers see capital movements.

            capital transfer tax TAXN. a tax introduced bh
            the British Government in 1975 to replace
            estate duty. It was replaced in 1986 by an
            inheritance tax. See under tax. Abbr. C.T.T.

            capital turnover FIN. & STK. EXCH. the pro-
            portion which the total figure of annual sales
            of a business bears to its issued share-capita] -
            this proportion shows how many times the
            capital has been turned over (used again) dur-
            ing the year. Thus, if sales in the year totalled
            £25 million and the share-capital was £10 mil-
            lion, the capital turnover was 25:10 or 2.5:1,
            meaning that the share-capital was turned over
            24 times during the year. Syn. investment turn-
            over.

            capital value FIN. the sum one would have to
            pay to buy an investment, e.g. a property or
            security, which will bring in a given annual
            income. The sum will depend mainly on the
            current market rate of interest; if this is 5%
            per annum, the capital value will be “2 = 20
            times the annual income, e.g. if a property
            gives an annual income (rent) of £200, its
            capital value is £200 x 20 = £4000. Other
            considerations also affect the value, such as the
            certainty of the income continuing into the
            future, or changes in the nature and usefulness
            of the thing invested in. Syn. capitalized value.

            capital widening ECON. the investment of capi-
            tal in new machines in such a way as to increase
            capacity, i.e. the total amount produced. Cf.
            capital deepening.

            Capitation fee FIN. a charge based on an equal
            amount being payable by each person in a
            group, e.g. the annual charge for membership
            of a society.

            Capitation grant see under grant.

            Capitation tax see under tax.

            Capping BKG. the fixing of an interest rate ceil-
            ing on a floating rate loan, i.e. where the
            interest rate moves up and down with the
            market during the repayment period. The bor-
            rower repays at the cap rate all the time, and
            the bank gains or loses money on the loan
            account depending on how much time the
            interest rate stays above or below the cap rate.

            capt. captain.

            captain SHIPG. the officer in command of a
            merchant ship. Syn. master. Abbr. capt.


            captain’s copy (of a bill of lading) SHIPG. an
            extra copy of a bill of lading which is given to
            the captain with the ship’s papers.

            captain’s entry SHIPG. as no cargo can be landed
            from a ship without the Customs being given
            a bill of entry for each consignment, it may


            i eee A
            ee ae =

            —E_ a

                evince -p 103 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            happen that the captain will make a temporary
            customs entry if the importer has failed to
            make one, OF when the captain decides that all
            the cargo must be unloaded at that port. C
            captain’s protest MAR. INSCE. & SHIPG. a formal
            declaration signed by the captain of a ship
            which has suffered an accident resulting in ¢
            damage to her cargo. The document gives
            details of the accident and damage, and Is
            made when the ship reaches port. Syn. ship’s
            protest.
            captive audience ADVTG. any group of people
            who, whether they like it or not, find them-
            selves unable to escape from seeing or hearing ¢
            advertisement material, e.g. when watching
            some television programmes.

            captive market ADVTG. a group of customers
            who for some reason cannot avoid marketing
            or sales activity, e.g. in a monopoly situation,
            or in physically restricted circumstances, such
            as on an aircraft flight where passengers may ¢
            be regarded as a captive market for the in-
            flight magazine. i

            captive outlet see under outlet.

            c.a.r. compounded annual rate (of interest).

            car. carat.

            car TRANSPT. a vehicle on wheels, esp. one for
            carrying people.
            motor car a road vehicle driven by an engine
            using petrol or fuel-oil and intended to carry
            only a few people. Cf. coach; bus. Syn. (U.S.A.)
            automobile.

            Pullman car a railway carriage providing the
            highest level of comfort.

            railcar in Britain, a railway carriage that can
            move by its own power. In U.S.A., any railroad
            car.
            railroad car (U.S.A.) (a) a railway carriage or
            wagon. (5) a boxcar.

            tramcar (a) an electrically-driven passenger
            vehicle that runs on rails in the streets. Syn.
            (U.S.A.) streetcar. (b) a wagon running on rails
            for carrying ore in a mine.

            carat (1) FIN. the measure of the amount of pure.
            gold in a gold alloy (a mixture of gold and
            other metals). Pure or fine gold is 24 carat;
            gold eleven-twelfths fine is 22 carat, and so on.

            (2) a measure of the weight of precious stones
            (diamonds and other gems). | carat is 3.17 troy
            grains or 200 mg. Syn. karat.

            Caravan TRANSPT. a covered vehicle fitted with
            beds, tables, etc. usu. drawn by a car, and used
            as a temporary home, esp. by holidaymakers.
            Syn. (U.S.A.) trailer. Cf. camper(van).

            Caravan site TOUR. an area of enclosed land
            where people on holiday may put their cara-
            vans, usu. for a week or two, in return for
            payment which includes the cost of services
            ‘oa as a supply of water. Syn. caravan park;

            oa -A.) trailer park. Cf. camp(ing) site.

            ON Copy a copy of a typewritten or hand-

            career - 93

            written document made by using carbon paper.
            Sometimes shortened to carbon. Abbr. c.c.
            blind carbon copy see blind copy. Abbr. b.c.c.

            arbon paper sheets of very thin paper coated
            with a wax-like substance, used for making
            copies of typed or handwritten documents.

            sarbon ribbon a special ribbon, used esp. on
            electric typewriters, which gives an excellent
            finish to typewritten work but which can be
            used only once. Syn. acetate ribbon.

            sarboy IND. a large bottle protected by a cage
            of metal or basketwork and used for carrying
            liquid chemicals, e.g. acids.

            -ard-carrying IND. REL. (of an employee) carry-
            ing a membership card, esp. of a trade union
            or political party, usu. suggesting that the per-
            son is an eager and active supporter of his
            union or party, not just a sympathizer: John
            Smith is a card-carrying member of our party|
            union.

            sardholder CoM. & BKG. a person who holds
            (because be has been issued with) a credit card.

            sard index system a method of storing infor-
            mation on cards of equal size and shape,
            arranged usu. alphabetically in drawers or on
            trays. Syn. index cards.

            sards (collog.) in Britain until fairly recently an
            employee’s official national insurance record
            cards were kept by his employer who had
            to put stamps on them regularly. When the
            employee left the service of that employer, his
            cards had to go with him. The system has been
            changed and the stamping of cards discon-
            tinued but these expressions are still in use: Jo
            ask for one’s cards, to leave one’s employer. To
            be given one’s cards, to be dismissed.

            care and maintenance basis IND. an official
            expression for keeping in good repair a ship,
            a building, machinery, etc. which is no longer
            in active use but may have to be brought back
            into use quickly in the future: The airfield has
            been put on a care and maintenance basis. Abbr.
            c. & m.

            care, duty of LAW every member of the public
            has a duty of care to other persons, to make
            sure that they are not harmed and that they do
            not suffer loss. For example, an employer must
            provide his employees with a safe system of
            work, i.e. the work must be so organized and
            arranged that it is safe; a householder has a
            duty of care towards anyone lawfully visiting
            his house. A failure to perform this duty gives
            the harmed person good reason to claim dam-
            ages in a court of law.

            career (1) the profession or employment at
            which a person works to earn a living: He
            chose accounting as his career. He has made a
            career in banking. (2) one’s progress through
            life: He has had a successful career as a director.
            career woman one who is more interested in
            making a career in a profession or business





                evince -p 104 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            94 - career counselling

            than in staying at home as a housewife or
            mother. Syn. career girl.

            career counselling MAN. advising and guiding
            an employee on prospects for promotion within
            the organization.

            career patterns IND. the general term for work-
            ing patterns within an industry or a nation.
            Career patterns have changed from lifetime
            employment to frequent job changing.

            career planning MAN. the strategic consider-
            ation by an organization of the type of people
            it wants to employ and the adaptation of the
            organization structure and reward systems to
            attract them, e.g. attracting more graduates or
            scientists, or ensuring that the chief executive
            has a financial background.

            care of words meaning at the address of (a named
            person or organization) to which a letter may
            be sent for someone not usu. living there. Syn.
            (U.S.A.) in care of. Abbr. c/o.

            Caretaker a person employed to take care of a
            building by keeping it clean, by seeing that its
            services are working properly, e.g. electricity,
            water, telephones and heating, and by protect-
            ing it from destructive persons. Syn. (U.S.A.)
            janitor.

            Carew’s Axe see under Organization, Laws of.

            Carey Street a street in central London, near
            the law courts, where the Bankruptcy Court is
            situated. To be in Carey Street (collog.), to be
            bankrupt.

            car ferry see auto ferry.

            Cargo TRANSPT. & SHIPG. the goods carried in a
            ship or aircraft in return for payment of freight.
            pl. cargoes. Abbr. cgo.
            air cargo goods carried by air. See under air
            freight.
            barrel cargo see under barrel.
            berth cargo see separate entry.
            bulk cargo see under bulk.
            deadweight cargo see separate entry.
            deck cargo see separate entry.
            dry cargo cargo consisting of dry goods such
            as coal, iron and other ores, foodgrains, seeds,
            etc.
            general cargo cargo consisting of various kinds
            of goods, not of any particular kind, nor full
            cargoes of a single commodity.

            cargo boat sHIPG. a ship built and arranged for
            the carriage of goods, as opposed to a passenger
            ship. Syn. cargo vessel; cargo steamer. —

            cargo book sHIPG. (1) a book kept by shipbro-
            kers in which details of all shipments of cargo
            are recorded. (2) a book kept by the master of
            a coasting ship, i.e. one not visiting foreign
            ports, recording details of the ship’s move-
            ments and of the cargoes carried. The book
            must be shown to the Customs at any time if
            demanded. Cf. transire.
            cargo, discharge of see discharge of cargo.

            “He — a —————— ee a

            cargo insurance policy see car
            insurance policy.

            cargo liner a cargo ship which m
            voyages between certain known
            cargo which is ready and waiti
            at each port. Cf. tramp (ship),

            Cargo Passage SHIP. a voyage carr
            and therefore earning freight
            passage.

            cargo syndicate MAR. INSCE. 4 group of Lloyd's
            underwriters formed for the special Purpose of
            underwriting cargoes.

            cargo ton see freight ton under ton.

            cargo tonnage see under tonnage.

            cargo underwriter MAR. INSCE. see cargo syndj.
            cate.

            cargo-worthy clause MAR. INSCE. 4 clause

            in a cargo insurance which states that the
            insurance will apply only if the vessel is suitable
            for the safe carriage of the cargo.

            Caribbean Community and Common Mar-
            ket (CARICOM) a regional organization set
            up in 1973 by the former British states in
            the Caribbean to co-operate in political and
            economic matters such as foreign policy, devel-
            opment of trade, communications, health, edu-
            cation and industrial relations. Its 13 members
            are: Antigua and Barbuda, the Bahamas, Bar-
            bados, Belize, Dominica, Grenada, Guyana,
            Jamaica, Montserrat, St Kitts-Nevis, St Lucia,
            St Vincent and the Grenadines, and Trinidad
            and Tobago. Its main offices are in Guyana.
            Also called the Caribbean Economic Com-
            munity.

            CARICOM Caribbean Community and Com-
            mon Market.

            Carman TRANSPT. the driver or the man in charge
            of a car, truck, lorry, etc. carrying goods by
            road: Please pay the carman.
            licensed carman a carrier who has signed a
            bond promising the government that goods
            released from customs bond for re-export will
            be duly exported and not dealt with otherwise.

            carnet TOUR. & COM. (French, booklet) a tempo-
            rary customs document supplied by certain
            Chambers of Commerce of a country under
            arrangements made by the Internationa!
            Bureau of Chambers of Commerce in Paris. A
            carnet is useful to persons or organizations who
            import goods for only a short period, such as
            commercial samples, goods for exhibitions and
            the equipment of professional persons visiting
            the country, such as artists, musicians, scien-
            tists, doctors and photographers. The holder
            of a carnet does not have to arrange for customs
            bonds or deposit customs duty when importing
            the goods, on condition that those goods are
            exported within a stated time.

            car park TRANSPT. in Britain, a place where a
            car may be parked (left when not in use). Syn.
            (U.S.A.) parking lot.

            B9 policy under

            akes regular
            Ports Carrying
            ng for loading

            ying cargo
            Opp. ballast


                evince -p 105 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            multistorey car park one consisting of a build-
            ing with several floors.
            underground car park one below the level of
            the street. j :
            carpetbagger (U.S.A.) COM. a disrespectful
            word for a person who comes to a place with
            so few possessions that they can easily be
            contained in a carpet bag for carrying tools,
            his intention being to take unfair advantage of
            local people in order to get rich or famous
            quickly, used esp. of a political candidate.
            carr. fwd., Carr. Fwd. carriage forward.
            carriage (1) TRANSPT. the act of carrying goods,
            esp. for payment. Inland transport and freight.
            Syn. cartage. (2) COM. & ACCTS. the cost of
            having goods carried from place to place; the
            charge made by the carrier. Abbr. cge.
            carriage forward COM. means that, at the price
            quoted, the buyer has to pay the cost of car-
            riage. Abbr. carr. fwd.; Carr. Fwd.; C.F.
            carriage free COM. means that, at the price
            quoted, the seller will deliver the goods using
            his own transport system at no extra charge to
            the buyer.
            carriage inwards ACCTS. payments for carriage
            on goods bought by a business, being part of
            the cost price of the goods and shown on the
            debit side of the trading account. Syn. freight
            inwards; return freight.
            carriage outwards ACCTS. payments for carriage
            on goods sold by a business, being part of its
            expenses and shown on the debit side of the
            profit and loss account. Syn. freight outwards.
            carriage paid COM. means that, at the price
            quoted, the seller pays all carriage charges up
            to an agreed delivery point at the place of
            destination, e.g. a local railway station. From
            this point the buyer has to bear all charges for
            carriage. Syn. freight paid; (France) fret payé
            or port paye. See Incoterms.
            carriage paid home COM. means that, at the
            price quoted, the seller will bear the cost of
            carriage on the goods up to their delivery at
            the address of the buyer.
            (3) TRANSPT. any kind of cart or machine for
            carrying people and goods from one place to
            another on land: A horse and carriage. A car-
            riage and pair (of horses). A railway carriage, a
            passenger-carrying vehicle on the railway. A
            horseless carriage, one which moves by its own
            force, such as the early steam vehicles. (4) any
            part of a machine which carries or supports
            another, esp. a moving part: The carriage of a
            typewriter, the part which travels across the
            machine and which carries the platen and the
            paper-feed. The carriage lever, the handle or
            bar used to move the carriage of a typewriter.
            Carried down AacctTs. words written, usu. in
            Shortened form, e.g. c.d., at the end of an
            account to show a total which has had to be
            carried down to the beginning of the next

            cartage - 95

            account lower down the same page of the
            account book. Cf. brought down; carried for-
            ward.

            carried forward aAcctTs. words written, usu. in
            shortened form, e.g. cd. fwd., at the foot of an
            account to show a total which has had to be
            carried forward to the next account or to a
            later page in the account book. Cf. brought
            forward; carried down.

            Carried over ACCTs. words written, usu. in short-
            ened form: c/o, at the foot of an account to
            show that a total has been carried to the top
            or the next page. Syn. carried forward.

            Carrier TRANSPT. a person or organization whose
            business it is to carry goods from one place to
            another for a price called hire.
            common carrier a person or organization pro-
            viding a service to the public and bound to
            carry any goods offered by the public for collec-
            tion and delivery at any places on the carrier's
            regular routes (lines of places visited) provided
            he is paid the hire charges. He 1s responsible
            for any loss of goods entrusted to him, and in
            Britain he has to have a public carrier’s licence
            from the government. See ‘A’ licence.
            contract carrier a carrier who arranges special
            contracts with a number of producers. dealers,
            etc. for the carriage of their goods. He may, if
            he wishes, refuse to carry the goods of anyone
            else. Cf. common carrier. Syn. haulier; public
            carrier; haulage contractor; cartage contractor.
            limited carrier a carrier who carries goods only
            of certain kinds for hire, e.g. provides only
            tankers for carrying liquids; for this in Britain
            he must have a ‘B’ licence. See ‘A’ licence.
            private carrier a carrier who uses goods vehicies
            to carry only his own goods; for this in Britain
            he must have a ‘C’ licence from the govern-
            ment. See ‘A’ licence.
            public carrier see contract carrier above.

            carrier bag a bag for carrying things bought
            while shopping. Syn. shopping bag.

            carrier's lien TRANSPT. & LAW if the freight
            on the goods is payable on delivery by the
            consignee (buyer), the carrier has a lien on the
            goods, 1.e. the right to hold them as security
            for the payment of the freight and any other
            charges such as storage, that may become pay-
            able. Syn. shipowner’s lien.

            carrier's risk TRANSPT. any loss of or damage to
            goods while being carried at carrier’s risk must
            be paid for by the carrier; and for this he gets
            a higher rate of freight. Syn. company’s risk.
            Cf. owner’s risk. Abbr. C.R.

            carrying cost see under cost.

            Carry-Over STK. EXCH. the practice of delaying
            the settling of an account from one Account
            Day to the next. See Account, The; Account
            Day. Syn. continuation.

            cartage (1) TRANSPT. the act of carrying goods
            by road, formerly in a hand-cart or cart drawn

            “ - os
            7


                evince -p 106 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            96 - carte blanche

            by a horse, but now usu. in a motor vehicle.
            Carriage over short distances.
            cartage contractor see contract carrier under

            carrier.
            cartage port see barge port under port.
            cartage service see common Carrier under car-

            rier.
            (2) TRANSPT. & ACCTS. the price paid to a carter
            or carrier for his services. Syn. carriage;
            freight. Abbr. ctge.
            cartage note (a) a bill of charges payable for
            the cartage of goods. Syn. cart note. (6) a note
            giving written permission to a carter or carrier
            to remove goods which have been cleared by
            Customs.
            carte blanche (French, blank paper or card)
            full power to decide and act on one’s own
            judgment or to spend unlimited sums of money:
            The board gave him carte blanche to negotiate
            the contract, he was free to do what he thought
            was best. Originally a written order leaving out
            certain important words or names so that the
            person to whom it was written would use his
            own judgment in writing in the missing words.
            Syn. free hand.
            cartel CoM. & IND. (1) a group of manufacturers
            and dealers in the same trade who combine to
            form a joint selling organization, also called a
            syndicate, with the aim of avoiding competition
            between themselves and of increasing their
            profits. The syndicate controls prices and out-
            put and, by allotting quotas to its members, it
            shares the market demand among them. (2)
            the word cartel is also used more generally for
            any association of producers and suppliers that
            controls prices, output and selling arrange-
            ments. Cf. trust.
            international cartel (a) one consisting of mem-
            bers in different countries. (6) one formed for
            the purpose of expanding foreign trade.
            cartioad as much as a cart can carry: A cartload
            of soil; a measure of volume, in Britain, about
            half a cubic yard.
            cart note see cartage note under cartage (2).
            cartogram a simple diagram, sometimes colour-
            ed, based on a map and intended to show
            geographically certain kinds of statistical infor-
            mation (facts expressed in numbers): A carto-
            gram showing the density of population. Syn.
            diagrammatic map.
            cartography the production of maps and
            charts.
            carton IND. a light, strong container made of
            cardboard or strawboard, usu. in the form of
            a box, and closed by glued tape, metal staples
            (pieces of wire), or bands of steel or plastic.
            case (1) a strong box, usu. made of wood, enclos-
            ing something: A packing case, one used to
            protect goods while they are being carried or
            shipped. A case of wine, usu. 12 bottles. Goods
            shipped in cases, not bales. Cf. carton; bale.

            i. .

            Abbr. c., pl. c/s. (2) the stiff cover of book
            (3) a tray holding printer’s type: Upper case for
            capital letters; Jower case for small letters. See
            also briefcase; note-case ; show-case: Suitcase
            (4) LAW an action in a court of law: J shai
            bring a case against you. You should defend the
            case. I shall win and you will lose the case. (5)
            LAW a legal statement of facts on which a court
            action is based: To prepare a case for counse|
            case law Law that part of English law which
            has been built up from past decisions made }
            judges and not by laws passed by Parliament
            Decisions of the House of Lords are binding
            on all courts except itself; those of the Court
            of Appeal are binding on itself and on all courts
            except the House of Lords; and decisions of
            the High Court bind all courts below it. Syn.
            judicial precedent. Cf. statute law.
            case of need BKG. a note written by the drawer
            or an endorser on a bill of exchange giving the
            name of a person, called a referee in case of
            need, whom the holder may ask to pay the bill
            if the drawee (borrower) fails to pay it. The
            note usu. states: Jn case of need apply to (e.g.) ----
            Bank Ltd., Glasgow, or In need with ---- Bank,
            Glasgow.
            case-rate discount see under discount.
            case study MAN. a method of learning about a
            subject by studying an actual happening or
            example in real life.
            cash n. money in the form of coin and bank-
            notes, and perh. cheques and negotiable instru-
            ments that can be quickly and easily exchanged
            for coin and bank-notes.
            buy for cash see pay cash below.
            hard cash coin and bank-notes.
            pay cash to pay either in coin and notes or by
            cheque at the time of delivery, not taking the
            goods on credit. A discount may be given for
            cash payments. See also crossed cheque under
            cheque.
            ready cash coin and bank-notes held ready for
            immediate use. Syn. ready money.
            prompt cash payment in cash within a few days
            of delivery.
            spot cash in dealings on certain commodity
            exchanges, the quoting of a price spot cash
            means immediate delivery and immediate pay-
            ment, as distinguished from e.g. futures. In
            commerce generally: Our terms are spot cash,
            we do not allow any credit. Syn. cash on deliv-
            ery.
            v. to obtain or to give cash in exchange for
            something, e.g. a cheque, a postal order, a
            money order. Syn. encash.
            to cash a cheque (a) to get money in cash from
            a bank, by drawing (writing) a cheque made
            payable to cash or self and presenting it at the
            bank. (6) to obtain money in cash from 4
            person in return for a cheque made payable to
            him: Could you please cash me a cheque? (c) to


                evince -p 107 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            sive a person money 1n cash in return for a

            cheque which he has made payable to you.
            to cash in (a) to exchange for cash; to sell an
            investment for cash: / must cash in these shares
            1o pay my debts. (d) in U.S.A., to retire from a
            business deal, or risky activity, like a gambler
            who cashes in his gaming chips (tokens) at the
            end of the game.
            to cash in on (collog.) to seize an opportunity
            and turn it to one’s financial advantage: Let us
            sell now to cash in on the present high prices.
            to cash up of shopkeepers and cashiers, to count
            up the cash received during the day.

            cash account (1) ACCTS. in a set of accounts,
            that account in which are recorded all cash
            receipts and payments. The cash account is
            combined with the bank account in one book
            called the cash book. (2) COM. & ACCTS. in
            arrangements for payment by customers, a cash
            account is one which 1s settled promptly in
            notes or coin when presented, as distinguished
            from a credit account. (3) BKG. in England, a
            current account at a bank, but in Scotland, the
            account of a customer who has been allowed a
            cash credit.

            cash accounting ACCTS. that part of the work
            of accounting which deals with financial rec-
            ords, as distinguished from other branches such
            as cost acounting, management accounting.

            cash against documents BKG. a means of
            getting payment for export shipments, by
            which the exporter or his agent sends the ship-
            ping documents to a bank at the port of desti-
            nation (i.e. where the goods are to be unloaded)
            with an order to hand the documents to the
            consignee (buyer) or his agent only when the
            bill of exchange has been paid. Thus, since the
            consignee cannot get possession of the goods
            from the master of the ship without presenting
            the bill of lading (which 1s one of the shipping
            documents) he must first pay the bill of ex-
            change. Abbr. c.a.d., or c.v.d. Syn. documents
            against presentation; documents against cash;
            documents against payment.

            cash agent INSCE. an insurance agent who is
            not allowed credit by the insurance companies
            he represents, i.e. he has to pay premiums
            before the policies are issued to him. Cf.
            account agent; accredited agent; credit agent.

            cash and carry CoM. a wholesaler, esp. in the
            grocery trade, who sells goods at a discount on
            condition that buyers pay cash and themselves
            collect and carry away the goods, no credit
            being given. A cash-and-carry store.

            cash at bank BKG. & ACcTs. (1) money held by
            a bank to the credit of a current account of a
            customer. (2) a heading on the assets side of a
            balance sheet, usu. next to a heading cash in
            hand, or combined with it thus: cash in hand
            and at bank. Cf. cash in hand.

            cash balance see under balance, n. (1).

            cash credit - 97

            cash basis TAXN. in Britain, the basis on which
            some taxpayers carrying on a profession or
            vocation are taxed, i.e. the tax will be based
            on cash received. Cf. earnings basis.

            cash before delivery CoM. a condition made
            by a supplier when advertising his goods,
            meaning that he will send goods which have
            been ordered by post if the buyer pays for them
            in advance. Abbr. C.B.D.

            cash book ACCTs. a part of a set of accounts
            which is both a book of prime entry in which
            is recorded all cash received and paid (cash
            here including cheques and money in the bank)
            and at the same time a ledger account. Some-
            times it may for convenience be divided into
            two, a cash received book and a cash paid book.
            A two-column cash book has columns for cash
            and bank on both the debit side and the credit
            side. A three-column cash book has an extra
            column for discounts.

            cash bonus (1) STK. EXCH. a cash payment to a
            shareholder who has chosen to accept cash
            instead of receiving bonus shares in a company
            which is making a bonus issue to capitalize
            some of its profits. Cf. share bonus. (2) INSCE.
            a bonus on a life policy paid in cash at the
            time it is earned or declared. Cf. reversionary
            bonus.

            cash-box ACCTS. & FIN. a strong metal box with
            a good lock for storing cash.

            cash budget MAN. & ACCTS. a financial state-
            ment intended to show the management of a
            business the expected cash position at the end
            of each of a series of equal periods ahead, e.g.
            weekly, monthly, quarterly. For each period
            the statement shows the probable opening fig-
            ure of cash, the expected cash receipts and
            payments and the closing figure of cash. Cash
            here includes not only notes and coins but also
            amounts in current and deposit accounts at the
            bank. Cf. funds-flow statement. Syn. cash flow:
            cash forecast.

            cash capital sTK. EXCH. capital consisting of
            shares issued for cash, as distinguished from
            Shares issued for a consideration other than
            cash, e.g. vendor’s shares. Syn. cash shares.

            cash card see cash dispenser.

            cash column accTs. in the cash book, the
            column in which cash amounts are entered, as
            distinguished from the bank column. See cash
            book.

            cash Cow MAN. a product or business that has
            a high relative market share in a low growth
            (i.e. stable) market, and that is therefore likely
            to be highly profitable and bring in a large
            amount of cash. This cash can then be used
            to invest in and support other products or
            businesses. See also growth/share matrix.

            cash credit BKG. an arrangement made by
            banks in Scotland by which a customer may
            draw on a special credit up to an agreed sum




                evince -p 108 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &



            98 - cash crop

            against the security of & bond of oneen joe
            by the debtor customer and by one or more
            sureties called cautioners ein
            cash crop AGR. one grown mainly 1 : |
            order to obtain cash, as distinguished from a
            i.e. one grown for the farm

            subsistence crop, obi
            Spn, ready-money crop

            er’s own consumption | |
            cash department AccTs. in a business organt-
            zation, the department responsible for looking

            after money. The cashier or chief cashier, a
            highly-trusted officer. is at its head. It receives
            and pays cash and cheques, records all deals
            in the cash book and bill book, pays money
            into and draws money out of the account at
            the bank, and holds the petty cash. To prevent
            dishonesty, the cashier and his staff are nor-
            mally not allowed to make entries in any of the
            ledger accounts except the cash book and bill
            book. Cf. cash desk. Syn. counting-house.
            cash-deposit ratio see cash ratio.
            cash desk com. a desk at which a person,
            usu. called a cashier, receives money from
            customers in a shop, restaurant, etc. Please pay
            at the cash desk. Cf. cash department. Syn.
            (esp. U.S.A.) checkout.
            cash discount Com. an allowance, or reduction
            of the price, offered or given by a seller for
            prompt payment by the buyer: Our terms: 24%
            cash discount for payment within seven days.
            Syn. settlement discount; discount for cash. Cf.
            trade discount.
            cash dispenser BKG. a machine from which
            the customer of a bank can obtain cash in
            bank-notes up to a certain value at any time
            of day or night. The machines are operated by
            putting a special numbered card, called a cash
            card, into the machine and giving a personal
            number by pressing numbered keys. Syn. auto-
            bank; (U.S.A.) cashomat.
            cash down coms. paid for in cash immediately
            the goods are delivered, no credit being
            allowed. Syn. cash on delivery; collect on deliv-
            ery; spot cash.
            cash float ACCTS. see imprest system; float (1)
            and (2).
            cash flow ACCTS., FIN. & STK. EXCH. (1) the
            amount of cash made by a business during a
            specified period which it can use for invest-
            ment; it can be calculated from the accounts
            of a business and is a means of measuring
            its financial strength. To the net profit (after
            taxation) are added depreciation and any sums
            put to reserves; the resulting sum, after taking
            away the amount paid in dividends, shows the
            ability of the business to earn cash. To an
            investor, a high rate of cash flow means that the
            company can pay dividends and can finance
            expansion without having to use its working
            Capital; and also that it is less likely to have to
            Siiudiancon - increase its share capital.
            n; flow of funds; funds flow.


            Cf. discounted cash flow.
            excess cash flow extra money that a company
            earns and can spend on growth, 1.€. ON assets
            that will increase its future power to earn
            profits. See also funds flow statement
            (2) the information provided by a cash budget
            cash forecast see ¢ ash budget.
            cash fund FIN. a type of unit trust, the managers
            of which must use cash paid by new holders of
            units in the trust fund to buy new shares, Le
            the managers may not buy new securities on
            their own account and then arrange for therm
            to be appropriated to the trust fund. Thus the
            managers cannot themselves make a profit (or
            a loss) on such deals. Cf. appropriation fund
            cash generation see cash flow.
            cashier CoM. & ACCTS. (1) in the accounts depart.
            ment of a business, the employee who 1s respon-
            sible for the care of all money received and
            paid, both in cash and In cheques. issuing
            receipts; recording all cash deals in the cash
            book(s) and all bills of exchange receivable and
            payable in the bill book(s); paying money and
            cheques into the bank and, when necessary,
            drawing cash out of the bank; and taking
            charge of the petty cash. (2) any person
            employed to receive cash at the cash desk, e.g
            in a shop or restaurant or at a checkout in a
            supermarket.
            petty cashier a junior cashier who makes smal!
            payments from the petty cash and enters them
            in the petty cash book.
            (3) BKG. an employee of a bank whose work is
            to receive and pay out money. Syn. bank clerk;
            teller.
            cashier’s cheque see under cheque.
            cash in hand acctTs. money held by a business
            in the form of notes and coin as distinguished
            from money in a bank account.
            cash-in-transit policy see under insurance pol-
            icy.
            cash issue see rights issue under issue of securit-
            1es.
            cash management account BKG. a new form
            of bank account originating in the U.S.A. It is
            a brokerage account that invests savings in a
            money market fund, and gives its customers a
            cheque book, a credit card and even loans.
            cash market see under market.
            cash memo Com. a memorandum or note, usu.
            handwritten on a printed form, given by a
            shopkeeper to a customer as a record of the
            sale for cash of an article or service and as an
            acknowledgment of the receipt of the price
            paid.
            cash nexus COM. money as a connecting te
            between men everywhere. ‘Cash payment ...
            the universal nexus of man to man’ (Carlyle).
            cashomat (U.S.A.) see cash dispenser.
            cash on delivery com. a condition made by a
            supplier when advertising his goods, meaning


                evince -p 109 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            ao”

            that he will send goods which have nen
            dered by post if the buyer agrees to pay the
            of tman or carman at the time of delivery the
            nt price of the goods and any delivery annie
            Syn. (U.S.A.) collect on delivery; payment on
            eceipt of goods. Abbr. C.0.D.
            : d e under order, n. (4). Abbr. C/O.
            cash order se bes

            cash paid book see cash book. |

            cash, petty see petty cash. | |

            cash price CoM. the price at which the seller is
            willing to sell on condition that payment 1s
            made immediately. Cf. hire-purchase price.

            cash ratio BKG. the relation between a bank’s
            total cash reserves of notes, coin, etc. and its
            total deposit liabilities, i.e. the amount it owes
            to its customers, esp. on current and deposit |
            accounts. Cash reserves must be held to meet
            the demands of depositors, but since these
            reserves earn no interest and so are unproduc-
            tive, bankers try to keep them as small as
            possible, usu. at about 8% of deposit liabilities.

            See fractional banking. Cf. advances ratio;
            liquidity ratio. Syn. cash-deposit ratio; reserve _,
            ratio.

            cash received book see cash book.

            cash refund annuity see under insurance pol-
            icy.

            cash register COM. a special machine used in
            shops, etc. with a drawer for receiving money,
            which shows the value of each sale, at the same
            time recording the sale and keeping a running
            total of sales made, and sometimes calculating
            change. It may also print the details of the sale
            on a strip of paper which is given to the
            customer as a receipt.

            cash sale com. a deal in which the seller is
            willing to sell at a certain price on condition
            that the buyer pays immediately. Cf. credit
            sale; hire-purchase agreement. See also cash
            price.

            cash settlement STK. EXCH. the condition on
            which a deal in gilt-edged securities is usu.
            done; the buyer will pay on the next day and
            not on the next Stock Exchange Settlement
            Day.

            cash shares see cash capital; also under share.

            cash statement ACCTS. a statement prepared
            by a cashier each day to show that the cash he_ |
            holds (cash in hand) is right, or if it is wrong,
            to show by what sum it is short or in excess.

            cash surrender see surrender value under sur-
            render.

            Cash voucher AccTs. & COM. a written or printed
            record of money paid in cash for goods and
            services, €.g. for an article bought for cash in

            me ; on a saerit for a stated sum of money.

            oat eres ese vouchers are numbered
            eee ully kept as proof of sums spent, the
            ner number being recorded in support of

            cach entry in the account books. Syn. receipt.
            der CoM. a condition made by a

            — Cash with or


            casualty - 99

            supplier when advertising his goods, meaning
            that he will supply only if he receives payment
            in some acceptable form with the order and
            that he will not allow any credit, nor will he
            send the goods on approval (to be paid for later
            if approved). Abbr. c.w.o. Syn. payment with
            order.

            rasino a building or hall where games of chance
            are played for money (gambling). |

            cask CoM. a barrel-like container for liquids,
            used esp. in the ale and beer trades, and of
            various sizes: a butt or pipe, 108 to 126 gals. ;
            a hogshead, 514 or 54 gals.; a kilderkin, 1g
            gals.; a firkin, 9 gals.; a pin or keg, 44 gals.
            Used also in the wine trade. Abbr. ck.; csk.

            Cassel Gustav (1866-1945), Swedish economist,
            Professor of Political Economy at Stockholm
            University (1904-33), author of Theory of
            Social Economy and other works. He 1s best
            known for his studies of the trade cycle, the
            theory of interest, and for his work 1n inter-
            national monetary economics.

            cast v. (1) ACCTS. (with up) to add up (a column
            of figures). Syn. to total; to tot up (collog.). —
            cross-cast to add together figures set out hori-
            zontally. |
            casting error a mistake made in adding figures,
            as distinguished from a posting error.
            (2) SHIPG. to throw over the side.
            cast anchor to anchor a boat or ship.
            cast away (a) to throw (cargo, etc.) into the sea,
            esp. in a situation of great danger. Syn. to
            jettison. (6) to be shipwrecked or abandoned
            at sea.
            cast off v. (1) to untie a rope attaching a boat
            or ship to the shore. (2) to calculate the space
            the text of a document or book will take up if
            it is set in type of a stated size. N. a cast-off.
            Adj. (esp. of clothes) unwanted, and so thrown
            or given away: A market exists for cast-off
            dresses.

            casting vote the right to an extra and deciding
            vote given to the chairman or other person
            officially in charge of a meeting, and used only
            when the voting for and against a proposal is
            equally divided.

            casual (1) happening by chance; accidental: not
            intentional.
            casual profits profits made by chance events,
            ¢.g. from an unplanned and unexpected order
            or from a rise in prices.
            casual vacancy an office or position in employ-
            ment the holder of which has left unexpectedly
            and which now needs filling,
            (2) irregular, not continuous.
            casual labour workers employed irregularly, i.e.
            whenever needed and not continuously.
            casual leave see under leave.

            casualty INSCE. an accident or chance happen-
            Ing, €sp. one which causes loss or damage.

            gil aX r -



                evince -p 110 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            100 - casuaity loss

            casualty insurance see wr"

            *


            and kinaGs Of! ee af mroane
            . 2 — . “a i * Js _ 2 = =

            Dew 7’ ~t. 4, ; A x . SG wu “—_ 5
            casuaivty loss La & \ i ae 5 ae
            r auch ac fire. tnelt, OF sO:

            i “; «¢ a ,% se ; i 2 aS iit. bb ee 2 eg
            . . r? = <i _@aowcit? yi wre Se
            ition natural mirsiortunc

            * ' f, i : ‘ 24 a5. Ss A4A£3 2 2
            sadeane abet , R. INSCE. & SHIE
            casualty report service MAR. hr. =“
            ted hy | lovd’s to anyone willl

            ar 7- gor ry a + ; s c {) ii Re AS Y Le a  % 4 a

            5 é F a a = a : ; , . in 1 : ae .

            ; ue i
            - ; ae °c 4 yet < is (yi CASUGILICNS. j

            ; 9 pay for it, giving Getalis % *& re
            : : — Ss ae TL ae
            | | ships and cargoes, immedialt
            cae A Shad pe ms a

            the information is received. These details 2
            published in Lloyd's Weekly Casualty Kepor

            C.A.T computer-assisted trading

            cat. catalogue, calegory

            catallactics ECON. the study ol exchange

            goods and services; thus another ang mc

            ; cact word for economics or political econom
            catalog see calaloguc.
            catalogue CoM. a list, usu. in the form ol
            Hook. of goods lor sale, with Prices, OF
            oOnDpects shown. C.2. in a collection or an ext
            bition, OF Ol things stored or held, c.g. of boo
            in a library or documents in archives. 5S)
            (U.S.A.) catalog. Abbr. cat.
            classified catalogue one which groups things
            the same class together, ¢.g. in a publishe:
            | catalogue books on the same subject or in
            same language
            descriptive catalogue one which conta!
            descriptions in some detail of the items liste
            illustrated catalogue one with pictures.
            catalogue price see list price under price
            catastrophe an event causing ruin or gre
            suffering. The types of catastrophe usu. reco
            nized by insurers are: earthquake, fire, flow
            rot and various kinds of storm. Catastropi
            risk, a risk of very heavy losses if a catastrop!
            happens
            catch acold stk. EXCH. (collog ) lo lose Moncey |
            an unprofitable business affair: Having caug
            a cold in the recent bank crisis, investors a
            C(aulious
            catch-crop AOR. a crop grown by catching ur
            opportunity to use land for a short time, e.
            while it is not being used for main crops, «
            where 4 main crop has failed, or by makin
            use of ground between rows of other crops. C
            cash crop
            catchpenny Com. any article which. by catchin
            (attracting) the eye of a customer also catche
            his money. Such articles are alw ays cheap anc
            although attractive, are usu. of poor quality
            made only to sell quickly, and of no lastin
            value
            Caterer (1) COM. a person or organization whc
            4s a business, provides meals and drink. es]
            in} places Of amusement (2) a person employe
            ‘oO arrange the supply of food and drink in larg
            Orga izations, ¢.g. hospitals, schools. univers:
            hes, hotels, ete

            C.A.T.I. vomputer-assisted telephone interview
            Tig


            ly
            re

            of
            re

            Ma?

            of
            il-
            KS

            of

            i¢

            |

            cattie (1) AGR. animals of the bovine race (the
            ox), used generally of Cows, bullocks, etc. kepy
            on farms. (2) Law in lew, the word cattle
            includes: asses (donkeys), goats, horses, mules.
            pigs and sheep as well as bovine animals. 3

            cause LAW an action in the courts. Syn. ciyjj
            eal the facts which, together, make
            a good reason in law for bringing an action in
            the courts. |
            commercial cause see commercial cause. —

            caution MAN. a formal! warning to an employee
            ‘about some unsatisfactory aspect of his per-
            formance or behaviour. Usu. recorded on his
            personnel record, the caution is often the first
            step in the formal disciplinary procedure.

            cautioner LAW a Scottish word for a surety. See
            cash credit. | |

            caution money com. (1) money deposited in
            advance with some person or organization,
            e.g. a landlord, a university, as security lor
            goodbehaviour. (2) money paid as security for
            proper performance of duties under a contract.
            (3) a deposit of money by a person proposing
            to buy, ¢.g. a house, to show his good faith and
            his intention to complete the deal. (4) LAW the
            repayment of the expenses of a person called
            as a witness in a court action. Syn. conduct
            money.

            caveat Law (Latin, let him beware) a warning
            notice given to officers of the law that the
            caveator, i.e. the person giving the warning,
            has an interest and claims the right to be given
            official notice before certain steps can be taken
            by other parties which might affect that
            interest. To enter a caveat, e.g. at the Probate
            Registry, so that no one can be officially made
            the legal representative of a dead person with-
            out due notice to the caveator.

            caveat emptor Law & Com. (Latin, let the buyer
            beware) an ancient common-law rule that the
            buyer of goods must be careful to find out for
            himself any faults in them, or suffer the results ;
            and that the seller (the vendor) is not bound to
            make these known, though he too must take
            care not to be guilty of misrepresentation (piv-
            ing false information or a misleading descrip-
            tion). Addr. c.e.

            C.B.1. Confederation of British Industry,
            C.B.0. Congressional Budget Office.

            C.B.0.E. Chicago Board of Options Exchange.
            C.B.0.T. Chicago Board of Trade,

            training.
            c.b.u., C.B.U. completely built-up.
            C.B.X. company branch (telephone) exchange.
            C.C. civil commotion; collision course.
            C.C. carbon copy.


                evince -p 111 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            urrent cost accounting.

            a oeanit see under profit. —

            ‘C.1.T.T. Consultative Committee for Inter-

            satiate Telephony and Telegraphy.

            andela. oe
            preeerre of deposit; Corps Diplomatique
            or Diplomatic Corps, closing date.

            c/D. consular declaration.

            c.d. cum dividend ; carried down.

            c/d., C/d. carried down. —

            cd. fwd., Cd/Fwd. carried forward.

            C.D.V. current domestic value.

            c.E. Council of Europe.

            c.e. caveat emptor.

            ceiling an upper limit placed on a price or
            quantity: A ceiling on incomes/bank loans.
            price-ceiling the highest price allowed by law,
            or that can be obtained in the market. A ceiling
            price. Cf. price-floor. To go through the ceiling,
            to rise suddenly to a very high level.
            wage-ceiling the highest wage that an employer
            is allowed by law to pay a particular class of
            worker when income-controls are in operation.

            cellarage com. (1) charges for storing goods esp.
            wine in a cellar (an underground room or
            space). (2) space in a cellar for storing goods.

            cellular radio a telephone system that is easily
            carried from place to place, based upon radio
            signals from a series of transmitters, each of
            which covers a small area or ‘cell’.

            Celsius a scale of temperature in which water
            freezes at 0° and boils at 100°. Cf. Fahrenheit.
            Syn. centigrade. Abbr. C.

            census an official count of the number of people
            in a country, where they live and how they are
            divided into different groups such as sexes,
            ages, professions and employments, etc. and
            known as a population census. Such a census
            is taken every five years in some countries,
            every ten years in others. A large amount of
            useful statistical information is thus obtained.
            distribution census an official count, usu. every
            five years, of the wholesale and retail trades
            and certain service industries, giving details of
            sales, numbers of persons employed, etc.
            production census an official count of the output
            and other details of all the main manufacturing
            industries, made every three or four years, with
            a sample census in the years between.
            traffic census an official count of the number
            and types of road vehicles using given stretches
            of road, to provide information for planning
            new roads.

            cent in various currencies, a coin and monetary
            unit of low value, the fractional currency being
            always one-hundredth part of a larger, main
            Unit, esp. the dollar in many countries, e.g. the
            ae we New Zealand;
            Gia > e birr (Ethiopia); leone (Sierra
            ua aoe ér/gulder/florin (Netherlands):

            uth Africa); pound (Malta); rupee


            centra! business district - 1017

            (Mauritius, Seychelles, Sri Lanka); shilling
            (Kenya, Somalia, Tanzania, Uganda). Abbr. c.
            Sign ¢.

            cent a hundred (Latin: centum).
            per cent (°%4) so much for each hundred: A
            commission of 5%. £5 for every £100 of value.
            An insurance premium of £1.50 per cent, £1.50
            for every £100 of the insured value. Cent per
            cent, one hundred per cent, i.e. £100 for each
            £100 of value.

            cental com. a measure of weight, esp. of corn,
            being 100 lb avoirdupois. (Now rarely used.)

            centavo the fractional unit of several currencies,
            being always one-hundredth part of a larger
            unit, e.g. of: an austral in Argentina, a cordoba
            in Nicaragua; a colon in E] Salvador; a cruzi-
            ero in Brazil; an escudo in Angola, the Cape
            Verde Islands, Guinea-Bissau, Mozambique,
            Portugal, and Sao Tomé & Principe; a lempira
            in Honduras; a peso in Bolivia, Colombia,
            Cuba, the Dominican Republic, Mexico and
            the Philippines; a quetzal in Guatemala; a sol
            in Peru; and a sucre in Ecuador.

            centesimo the fractional unit of several cur-
            rencies, being always one-hundredth part of a
            large unit, e.g. of: a balboa in Panama, a lira
            in Italy; and of a peso in Uruguay. P/. centesim1
            or centesimos.

            centi- the prefix in the metric system meaning
            one-hundredth; thus, e.g. a centimetre is one-
            hundredth of a metre, and a centilitre is one-
            hundredth of a litre.

            centigrade see Celsius. Abbr. C.

            centime in various countries, a small unit of
            currency, being one-hundredth part of a franc.

            centimo in various countries, a small unit of
            currency, being one-hundredth part of a peseta
            in Spain and Equatorial Guinea, of a bolivar
            in Venezuela, of a colon in Costa Rica and of
            a guarani in Paraguay.

            Central American Common Market
            (C.A.C.M.) a regional association of coun-
            tries in Central America, Costa Rica, El Salva-
            dor, Guatemala, Honduras and Nicaragua,
            with the aim of improving the standard of
            living and developing industry and trade
            within the region. It was formed in 1960 and
            has its main offices in Guatemala City.

            central bank BKG. a bank Officially appointed
            by law to work Closely with the government of
            the country and to perform the duties of issuing
            and managing the country’s currency, holding
            its gold reserves, controlling the volume of
            credit and acting as banker to the government
            and to the commercial and other banks. The
            central bank in Britain is the Bank of England;
            in the U.S.A., the Federal Reserve System: in
            France, the Banque de France; in Italy, the
            Banca d'Italia, etc.

            central business district com. the heart of
            any city, where most of its commercial activi-

            > =
            ;
            b a
            oo it *



                evince -p 112 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &


            n Time

            102 - Central Europea

            ties take place. Syn. (U.S.A. collog.

            Abbr. C.B.D. |
            econ European Time the local time one

            hour ahead of Greenwich Mean Time, raven
            by international agreement by the countrie .

            the continent of Europe lying 1m a zone me “4
            between the meridians of 74° W. and : E.
            The zone includes Spain (but not Portuga ) ‘e
            the west, and Poland (but not Finland an

            Greece) in the east. In this zone, when it 1s
            noon (12.00 hrs.) G.M.T., local time or Central
            European Time is 13.00 hrs. See time-zone.

            Abbr. C.E.T. | uve
            Central Gilt Office STK. EXCH. in Britain, the

            government office that keeps a register or rec-
            ord of the ownership of all holdings of gilts
            (government bonds). All changes of ownership
            are immediately reported electronically, so
            enabling payment and delivery to be completed
            in one day.

            Central Government Borrowing Require-
            ment FIN. the amount of money that the Cen-
            tral Government needs to borrow to meet that
            part of its expenditure not covered by revenue
            from taxes, etc. Abbr. C.G.B.R.

            centralization the placing of a high degree
            of control with officials at the centre of an
            organization, e.g. the government of a country
            or the management of a business concern,
            leaving little freedom of action to officials at
            local levels. Syn. centralism. Opp. decentraliza-
            tion; dispersal; dispersion.

            central processor COMP. in a computer, the
            centre of the machine, where the control unit,
            memory and the arithmetic unit are placed.
            Abbr. C.P. Syn. central processing unit
            (C.P.U.).

            central registry see under registry.

            Central Statistical Office (C.S.O) ECON. &
            FIN. a British government department respon-
            sible for collecting, sorting, arranging and pub-
            lishing detailed information in tables of figures
            relating to the national economy. One of its
            most important publications is National Income
            and Expenditure, commonly known as the blue
            book, which appears annually and gives detail-
            ed figures for the past ten years.

            Central Standard Time a time-zone in North
            America, six hours behind Greenwich Mean
            Time, one hour behind Eastern Time. Abbr.
            C.S.T.

            centre (1) COM. & FIN. a place which is important
            because it attracts some special activity: A
            centre of trade/commerce. A business/commer-
            panei pening centre. See also central
            attracts touri be) oa . Place which

            Sts because it provides for some

            special interest or Sport: A ski
            3 : A ski centre: -
            ing centre. he an

            ‘ fast .O. Chief Executive Officer.

            re

            ) down-



            C.E.R. closer economic relations (esp. between
            Australia and New Zealand).

            cereal see corn.
            -ertificate.

            Sali (1) LAW fixed and settled without a
            doubt: A sum certain, a fixed amount of money
            e.g. £500, not ‘about £500’, nor ‘£500 plus
            freight as charged’. (2) BKG. & FIN. in foreign
            currency dealings, to quote certain exchange, or
            a certain rate, is to quote a price in a home
            currency for providing foreign currency at a
            future date, thus fixing the exact exchange
            rate in advance. Syn. fixed exchange; direct
            exchange.

            certain annuity see annuity certain under
            insurance policy.

            certain rate see certain (2).

            certificate a document signed usu. by a person
            in authority (in a position of control or power)
            formally declaring that a certain fact 1s true.
            For example birth, death and marriage certifi-
            cates are issued by the registrar and are
            declared by him to be a true copy of the entry
            in the register of births, deaths and marriages.
            See share certificate. Abbr. cert.

            certificated bankrupt see under bankrupt.

            certificate of analysis IND. & COM. a document
            signed by a public analyst declaring officially
            that the stated composition of a product is true
            and correct.

            certificate of damage INSCE. one given by a
            port official declaring that certain goods have
            been landed in a damaged state from a ship.
            The document is needed by the importer to
            support his claim on an insurer or the ship-
            owners. )

            certificate of deposit BKG. a document given

            by a bank to a depositor who agrees to leave
            a stated sum of money, usu. in units of £1000,
            with the bank for a fixed period. Such certifi-
            cates, being payable to bearer or to order, are
            attractive to some investors because they can
            be easily negotiated. A special form of time
            deposit. Abbr. C.D. Cf. memorandum of
            deposit. , |
            dollar C.D. a certificate issued by a London
            branch of an American bank to a depositor
            who has placed a certain sum in dollars with
            the bank’s New York office for an agreed
            period, usu. of one to twelve months. The bank
            repays the amount, with interest, in dollars in
            New York.
            Eurodollar C.D. see under Eurodollar.
            Sterling C.D. a certificate issued by certain
            banks in Britain to a depositor, usu. a large
            institutional investor, who has placed a sum of
            at least £50,000 for a fixed period of from three
            to five years at a rate of interest a little below
            that for fixed deposits.

            Yankee dollar C.D. see under Yankee.

            Certificate of Incorporation Law a docu-


                evince -p 113 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            ie TE.


            ment issued by the Registrar of Companies to
            an association of persons forming a new limited
            liability company, declaring that all the pro-
            visions of the Companies Acts have been met
            and that the company has been incorporated.
            Until this certificate has been given, the com-
            any does not legally exist and cannot start
            trading. See incorporation. Syn. (U.S.A.) Cor-
            oration Charter.
            certificate of inscription STK. EXCH. in the
            case of inscribed stock, a document noting or
            acknowledging that the holder’s name and the
            amount of stock he owns have been recorded
            at the Bank of England. See inscribed stock
            under stock.
            certificate of insurance INSCE. a short docu-
            ment issued by an insurance company to an
            insured party, declaring that an insurance con-
            tract exists, that 1t covers the insured against
            certain stated risk(s) and mentions the essential
            conditions of the policy. A marine certificate of
            insurance relating to goods shipped by sea forms
            part of the shipping documents. In some coun-
            tries a motor-vehicle certificate of insurance must
            be carried by the driver of any vehicle while
            using the roads, as proof that the vehicle is
            insured.
            certificate of inward clearance see jerque
            note.
            certificate of manufacture com. (1) a docu-
            ment signed by an exporter declaring that
            goods have been manufactured to the order of
            the overseas customer and await shipment. (2)
            a document signed by an exporter in Britain
            declaring that goods being shipped or about to
            be shipped are of British manufacture. Syn.
            certificate of origin.
            certificate of misfortune see certificated
            bankrupt under bankrupt.
            certificate of origin CoM. a formal declaration
            stating the name of the country in which cer-
            tain goods, usu. those covered by an export
            invoice, have been manufactured. Such cer-
            tificates are signed either by the exporter or by
            an organization officially appointed to do so,
            e.g. a chamber of commerce, according to
            the demands of the importer’s country. Syn.
            certificate of manufacture. Abbr. C/O.
            certificate of posting CoM. a signed paper
            given by the Post Office as proof that a letter
            or parcel has been posted by ordinary, i.e. not
            registered, post at the time and place stamped
            on the paper to a particular addressee.
            certificate of pratique SHIPG. a paper signed
            by the health officer of a port to the master of
            a ship allowing him to use the port provided
            that he either shows a clean bill of health or
            obeys the quarantine rules. The ship is then
            said to be admitted to pratique.

            Certificate of registry see under registry, cer-
            lificate of.


            3 Pe EE a ee eee ve

            C.G.B.R. - 103

            -ertificate of Secondary Education a cer-
            tificate formerly given to persons who had
            passed a course of general education at a sec-
            ondary school in Britain, but at a lower level
            than the Ordinary level of the General Certifi-
            cate of Education (G.C.E.). C.S.E. and G.C.E.
            have now been replaced by the G.C.S.E. exam-
            ination. Abbr. C.S.E. |

            certificate of transfer see transfer certificate.

            certificate to commence business stx.
            EXCH. & FIN. a document given to a public
            limited company declaring that the company
            has completed certain legal formalities and is
            free to begin trading.

            certified accountant ACCTS. & MAN. in Britain,
            a member of the Association of Certified
            Accountants either as a Fellow (F.C.C.A.) or
            Associate (A.C.C.A.) and so qualified by law
            to be an auditor of a company. Cf. chartered
            accountant. In U.S.A., the equivalent is a certi-
            fied public accountant (C.P.A.), a member of
            the American Institute of Certified Public
            Accountants who holds a licence from the State
            to practise accounting. Cf. chartered account-
            ant; public accountant.

            certified cheque see under cheque.

            certified copy Law a copy of a document which
            has on it a formal declaration signed by an
            official that it is a true copy. Syn. attested copy.

            certified invoice see under invoice.

            certified public accountant see certified
            accountant. Abbr. C.P.A.

            certified transfer see transfer.

            certify to declare formally that a certain stated
            fact is true: J/We hereby certify that...

            cert. inv. certified invoice.

            ceSS TAXN. a special form of tax, esp. one of a
            local nature or applying to a particular product:
            A rubber cess; a tea cess; the Irish land cess.

            cesser LAW the ending, e.g. of a lease after the
            agreed number of years, or of a mortgage when
            the last of the payments is made.

            cession LAW & COM. the act of giving up prop-
            erty, esp. when done willingly, as by a debtor
            to his creditors.

            cestui que trust LAW a legal expression mean-
            ing the person or object for whose benefit, i.e.
            interest and advantage, a trust has been set up.

            See beneficiary.

            C.E.T. Central European Time.

            c.f., c/f carried forward; cubic feet: cost and
            freight.

            Cf., cf. compare (Latin: conferatur).

            C.F. compensation fee; carriage forward.

            C.F.A. Communauté Financiére Africaine.

            c.f.i., C.F.1. cost, freight and insurance.

            C.F.P. Communauté Financiére du Pacifique.

            C.F.T.C. Commodity Futures Trading Com-
            mission.

            C.G.B.R. Central Government Borrowing
            Requirement.



                evince -p 114 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &


            104 - cge.

            cge. carriage. |
            CGH. Cape of Good Hope (S. Africa).
            cqgo. cargo. pa

            CGT. Confédeération Générale d

            Capital Gains Tax. |
            C.H. Clearing House, Custom(s) House.

            ch. chain (22 yards); chapter, charge(s).

            ch. fwd. charges forward.

            ch. pd. charges paid.

            ch. ppd. charges prepaid.

            c.h. central heating.

            c.h.w. constant hot water.

            chaf. chafage.

            chafage INSCE. & TRANSPT. damage to good:
            caused by chafing, i.e. rubbing against othe:
            cargo, etc. during the journey or voyage. Abbr
            chaf.

            chain a unit of length on the ground. When usec
            by surveyors, a surveyor’s or Gunter’s chain 66
            ft. = 22 yds long; and by engineers, 100 ft.
            long. Abbr. ch.

            chain of command see line of command.

            chain of distribution com. the line of persons.
            each like a link in a chain, who play a part in
            distributing, i.e. in sending out, supplying ir
            all directions, the products of manufacturers
            to the retailers or shopkeepers who sell them
            to the public. The line may well be: manufac-
            turer — wholesaler — agent — exporter —
            shipper — importer — agent — shopkeeper —
            public. Syn. channels of distribution.

            chain-store Com. one of a group of shops unde:
            the same ownership and management, all sell.
            ing more or less the same range of goods at the
            same prices and being supplied from a centra
            warehouse. Syn. multiple store/shop.

            chair the position held by the chairman, the
            highest officer of an organization or the persor
            elected or appointed to be president at a forma
            meeting: Mr J. Smith is now in the chair o,
            Smith Transport Ltd., he is now the chairman
            Mr T. Jones took the chair at the committe
            meeting. You must always address the chair, a
            a formal meeting you must speak only to the
            chairman and not to other persons.

            chairman (1) man or woman in charge of, presi
            dent at, a formal meeting. His duties are tc
            keep order, to see that the rules are obeyed, t
            prevent talk that has nothing to do with th
            subject and to see that voting on motions anc
            amendments is properly done. He has certair
            powers, ¢.g. to decide and settle arguments
            make disorderly persons leave, and may have
            a casting vote to use when voting is equal. Syn
            chairperson; chairwoman (only if a woman)
            Abbr. chn. (2) the chairman of the board o
            directors. Syn. (U.S.A.) president.

            ere a dry measure used for coal: 36 bush
            els.

            chalk up com. (collog.) to record: T. hey chalkec

            y Travail;


            up big sales last month. Chalk it up, make a Note
            of it; add it to what I already owe you.

            challenge ACCTS. as part of an audit and to
            uncover any dishonesty, to make a carefy
            check of the cash and securities held in th.
            charge of employees of a business.

            chamber of commerce COM. an association of
            local businessmen, esp. employers, and includ-
            ing manufacturers, merchants and traders.
            with the aim of discussing subjects of common
            ‘nterest, of improving trading conditions ang
            of encouraging business generally. Cf. chamber
            of trade. See also Association of British Cham-
            bers of Commerce. :

            Chamber of Shipping SHIPG. a combination
            of British shipowners’ associations.

            chamber of trade CoM. an association of loca]
            traders formed to discuss matters of common
            concern and to act generally in the interests of
            ‘ts members. Cf. chamber of commerce.

            chambers LAw (1) part of a law courts building
            consisting of rooms where judges attend to
            legal business which does not have to be done
            in court: A judge sitting in chambers, not sitting
            in court. (2) in England, the private office(s) of
            a barrister.

            champerty LAw the offence of interfering in
            legal actions that do not concern one; as ¢.g.
            a person who, having no interest in a lawsuit
            and without lawful reason, encourages a party,
            perh. by supplying money, to bring or defend,
            the suit, in order to gain some share of any
            damages that may be offered. See also mainte-
            nance (4).

            chance n. (1) the probability of a particular
            event happening: The chances are in favour
            of/against a profitable outcome. There is an even
            chance of success, the chances for and against
            are equal. By chance, unexpected. He has an
            eye to the main chance, looks for any opportunity
            to make money. To take a/one’s chance, to trust
            one’s luck in running a risk. We do not stand a
            chance, there is no possibility of our succeeding.
            (2) Com. the element of risk always present in
            certain business activities, and accepted by the
            entrepreneur.
            v. COM. (collog.) to accept a risk: To chance it,
            to risk it. To chance one’s arm/luck, to attempt
            to do something in spite of the probability of
            failure.

            adj. unexpected; not regular: A chance gain, a
            chance meeting.

            Chancellor of the Exchequer the British
            cabinet minister in charge of the country’s
            financial affairs. He prepares the yearly budget
            and presents it to the House of Commons, and
            guides the Treasury and the Bank of England
            in controlling the monetary system. See budget:
            Exchequer.

            Chancery, Court of Law in Britain, the Chan-
            cery Division of the High Court of Justice,

            |
            |
            |
            |


                evince -p 115 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            the court of equity ruled over by the Lord
            Chancellor. It deals with all civil (not criminal)
            cases except probate, divorce and Admiralty
            ases.

            aa in chancery a (usu. young) person placed
            by order of the Court under the care of the
            Lord Chancellor, e.g. if the parents are dead
            or missing.

            chancy (collog.) risky; uncertain: A chancy
            affair/business/venture/investment.

            chandler CoM. originally one who made candles,
            but later a trader; a dealer: 4 corn-chandler,
            one who deals in corn. Ship’s chandler, see
            separate entry.

            change n. COM. (1) money in the form of coins

            and notes of low value: Please give me change
            for a £5 note, coins to the value of £5.
            change machine one that delivers coins of low
            value in exchange for a larger coin, e.g. ten Sp
            coins for one S50p coin.
            short change less than the right change.
            small change coins of low value: You wil] need
            some small change for the journey.
            (2) money returned to a buyer by the seller as
            the difference between the price of the goods
            sold and a larger sum given by the buyer, e.g.
            if I buy goods for 60p and pay with a £1 coin
            I am given change for the difference of 40p.
            No change given, customers must pay the exact
            amount, €.g. the exact fare on entering a bus.
            v. BKG. & COM. to exchange one thing for
            another: To change a traveller's cheque, to ex-
            change it for money in the local currency. To
            change a £1 coin, to exchange it for coins of
            lesser denominations. To change my pounds into
            rupees. Io get no change out of someone (colloq.),
            to fail to get help from him; also to fail to get
            an advantage over him. To change hands, to
            pass, or be passed, from one person to another,
            esp. from one owner to another. To ring the
            changes (collog.), to put false money in place of
            good.

            Change STK. EXCH. & COM. a meeting-place for
            merchants. (Sometimes wrongly written
            Change.) An exchange, esp. a stock exchange:
            On Change, on the Stock Exchange.

            channel supa. (1) a waterway fit for the passage
            of ships or boats in a river, harbour or through
            shallow waters at sea; such channels are usu.
            marked by buoys or beacons. (2) a narrow
            area of water between two land areas, e.g. the
            English Channel, the Bristol Channel. Syn.
            Strait. (3) AGR. a canal for irrigation (bringing
            water for growing crops). (4) MAN. (fig.) in
            Management and administration, the course
            through which commands are given, business
            ‘Ss Carried on, and goods and supplies are ob-
            ‘ained: We get our supplies through the usual
            channel(s), from our usual supplier(s). (5) COMP.
            ~ Path along which signals can be sent, e.g. a

            fe-optic computer cable.

            charge - 105

            channel capacity Comp. the maximum rate at
            which information can be transmitted along a
            certain channel. Channel Capacity is one factor
            that determines the size and pow
            puter system.
            Channel, The the English Channel, between
            Britain and France.
            Channel Ports the ports on the En glish Channel
            along the south coast of England and the north
            coast of France, esp. those which are used by
            regular cross-channel ferry-boat services. They
            are: in England, Dover, Folkestone, New-
            haven, Portsmouth, Southampton, Weymouth,
            Plymouth; and in France, Dunkirk, Calais,
            Boulogne, Dieppe, Le Havre, Cherbourg,
            St. Malo, Roscoff. Cf. Cinque Ports.
            Channel Tunnel TRANSPT. a proposed railway
            tunnel about 20 miles long under the English
            Channel between England and France (prob-
            ably the largest privately-financed project in
            the world). Syn. (collog.) Chunnel. Also Euro-
            tunnel.
            chapel IND. REL. an association of workers (like
            a branch of a trade union) in a printing works,
            whose president is called the father of the
            chapel and whose ‘position is much the same
            as that of a shop steward.
            CHAPS Clearing House Automatic Payments
            System.
            CHAPS and Town Clearing Co. Ltd. see
            Association for Payment Clearing Services.
            Chapter 11 FIN. in U.S.A., a scheme whereby
            companies in financial trouble have their assets
            frozen while a rescue plan is worked out. The
            scheme, which is named after the legislation
            which brought it about, is similar to the part
            played in Britain by the administrator.

            char see charwoman.

            character (1) MAN. a formal description, by an
            employer, of the working ability, behaviour
            and moral nature of a former employee: J can
            give him an excellent character. Syn. reference.
            (2) SHIPG. a figure consisting of a number and
            letters which together state the classification of
            a ship, e.g. 100 Al. See classification societies:
            Lloyd’s Register of Shipping. (3) Comp. a single
            letter, number or symbol. In the binary system
            a binary digit or bit may be either of the
            characters ‘0’ or ‘1’.

            charge n. (1) a responsibility, esp. for controlling
            or caring for somebody or something: To take
            charge/to be in charge/of persons or things, to be
            responsible for. (2) ACCTS. a debit: A charge on
            the profit and loss account. (3) COM. a sum of
            money that has to be paid as a price, esp. for
            services: What is your charge for a haircut/
            cleaning a coat? An admission charge, for admit-
            ting, allowing someone to enter. A delivery/
            service/collection charge. Cf. price. (4) COM. &
            IND. an expense or liability which a business
            has to bear, such as rent, rates, taxes, interest,

            er of a com-


                evince -p 116 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &


            106 - charge account

            e.g. on debentures and mortgages: An overhea
            charge is part of the cost of running the busines:
            (5) LAW in the law of property, the right c
            a creditor to be paid from a stated fund a
            accumulation of money set aside for a particu
            lar purpose, such as money received from sel
            ing the property. A mortgage. (6) LAW 1
            criminal law, a formal act accusing a perso:
            of a crime. He faces a charge of stealing. A cop
            of the written charge is given to the accuse
            person. (7) LAW the address by a judge to a jur
            directing them on points of law and giving hi
            opinion on the value of what the witnesse
            have stated in court. Abbr. ch.; chge.
            v. (1) to make (someone) responsible for doin.
            something. / charge you to look after this cash
            box. (2) COM. to put (someone) under a dut
            to pay. We shall charge you with the cost o
            containers. (3) charge for, to demand an amoun
            of money as payment. What do you charge fo
            a pair of shoes/a haircut? (4) ACCTS. to enter |
            debt as a debit in an account. Please charge m
            the cost/charge the cost to me. Our fee has bee:
            charged to your account. See charge account.

            charge account (U.S.A.) COM. & ACCTS. a
            arrangement between a supplier, esp. a retai
            store or shop, and a customer, by which th
            customer is allowed to pay at the end of a1
            agreed period, e.g. one month, for all the good
            that he has bought (and that have therefor
            been charged to his account) during tha
            period. Syn. (Britain) credit account.

            Charge Certificate see title-deeds under deed

            chargee LAw a person who has power to forc
            a debtor to pay a debt which is charged, e.g
            a mortgagee.

            charge hand INDUS. the leader of a group o
            workers, but below the rank of foreman.

            charge nurse a nurse in charge of a section o
            a hospital.

            charges, bank see bank charges.

            charges forward TRANSPT. charges will be pai
            by the consignee (buyer). Abbr. ch. fwd.

            charges on assets LAW & STK. EXCH. in :
            limited company, debts owing to creditors, e.g
            debenture-holders, who have as security the
            right to receive payment from the company’
            assets 1f the company fails to pay the deb
            when due. See register of charges.
            fixed charge the right of the creditor is limitec
            to certain stated assets only, e.g. a building.
            floating charge the creditor’s right extends t
            all the company’s assets.
            prior charge see separate entry.

            charges prepaid TRANSPT. charges paid by ths
            consignor (seller). Abbr. ch. ppd.

            charges register Law in Britain, part of the
            main records of the Land Registry. A detailec
            record of the charges, e.g. mortgages anc
            restrictive covenants, which exist in relatiot
            to a particular property. Cf. register of charges

            d charges, register of see register of charges.
            . Charging lien see under lien; also charging
            f order.
            ¢ charging order LAw an order given by a court
            E of law to a judgment creditor charging (mort-
            |- gaging) the assets of the judgment debtor so
            n long as the debt is unpaid. If after six months
            n the debt remains unpaid, the creditor may take
            y possession of the assets to satisfy the debt and
            d the interest on it. See charges on assets.
            y charitable trust LAw a trust for relieving pov-
            S erty, for the advancement of education or
            S religion, or for the good of the public in other
            ways. Such trusts do not have to pay income
            tax but in most cases must be registered with
            - and guided by the Charity Commissioners, a
            body of persons responsible to Parliament. Syn.
            public trust; charity. |
            charity (1) kindness and generosity to those
            persons who are poor or are in need of help.
            Charity begins at home, provide well for your
            family before you give money to others. (2) an
            organization formed for the purpose of giving
            help to those who are poor or for doing good
            to the public in other ways. See charitable
            trust. ;
            Charity Commissioners see charitable trust.
            chart (1) SHIPG. a map, esp. of the sea and coast-
            lines with depths of water to guide sailors: An
            Admiralty chart, an official map of sea areas
            published by the British Government. Syn. sea-
            chart. (2) COM. & MAN. a diagram or graph,
            used as a method of presenting information,
            : esp. of figures, e.g. movements in the prices of
            ; commodities or shares, progress of work, etc.
            Syn. graph.
            f bar chart a chart much used by investors to
            show changes in price on a time-scale, usu. by
            f means of a series of upright bars or thick lines
            proportional in length to the price and set on
            a base line representing time; or by means of
            J lines proportional in length to the spread (high
            _ and low points) and set above, not on, the
            1 base line. Syn. band chart; histogram; staircase
            chart.
            E flow chart see separate entry.
            S organization chart a diagram showing the work
            t and responsibilities of each of the various parts
            of an organization and how the parts are

            st ~~ Soe Ves s 8 WS

            ee (FP GD me CD

            J related to each other and to outside organi-
            zations. Syn. table of organization.
            ) pie chart a circular chart divided into sectors

            (the area between two Straight lines drawn

            from the centre of a circle to the circumfer-
            > ence), the size of each sector being in pro-
            portion to a given value (like slices of a circular
            pie or cake); used esp. to show how various
            percentages make up the total of a given group
            of values. Syn. circular chart: sector chart: pie
            diagram.

            point-and-figure chart a very simple chart used

            4.

            —_— es oe


                evince -p 117 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            ih pial eat

            , on squared paper to show
            e oe itn reinted A earlier chan-
            ds the aim of noting the direction of
            wi changes without any time-scale or refer-
            — volume. The present price is written in
            4 square, and so long as the following prices
            change in the same direction, either up or
            down, they are written in the same column,
            above or below as the case may be; but if there
            ‘s a change of direction the new price is written
            ‘1 the next column to the right, and so on.
            Abbr. P. & F. chart.
            progress chart a horizontal bar chart, usu. con-
            sisting of two lines of different colour or thick-
            ness, the first showing budgeted or planned
            progress through a period of time, the second
            showing the actual progress.
            charter n. (1) LAW a document by a state form-
            ally giving certain special rights and powers to
            a person or organization, e.g. the royal charter
            given by the King or Queen to a chartered
            company such as the British, French and
            Dutch East India Companies and the British
            South Africa Company. (2) (U.S.A.) the arti-
            cles of a corporation. See Chartered Bank;
            Certificate of Incorporation; Corporation.
            charter member one who has been a member of
            an organization since it was first incorporated.
            (3) SHIPG. & TRANSPT. a contract by which an
            owner agrees to hire a ship or aircraft to a
            person or organization called the charterer.
            The document containing the conditions of the
            contract is called a charter-party.
            bareboat charter a time charter under which
            the shipowner hires only the ship, leaving the
            charterer to employ the master and crew, pro-
            vide fuel and stores, and bear all the cost and
            responsibility of operating the ship, including
            insurance cover. Syn. bare-pole charter; bare-
            hull charter; demise charter.
            charter by demise a time charter which in effect
            gives the charterer a demise (lease) of the ship,
            so that during the second period of the charter
            he has full possession and control of the ship.
            See demise charterer under charterer.
            charter flight TRANSPT. one by an aircraft hired
            for that particular journey. Cf. scheduled flight.
            demise charter see bareboat charter above: also
            charter by demise.
            full charter one by which the whole of the cargo
            space of a ship or aircraft is hired by the
            charterer. Cf. partial charter below.
            open charter one which allows the charterer to
            use the ship or aircraft to Carry any kind of
            Cargo to any port he wishes.
            a charter one by which only part of the
            ‘ce of a ship or aircraft is hired by the
            narterer. Cf. full charter ahove.
            ana one by which the ship or aircraft
            which the charterer may nod Of time during
            arterer may use the ship or aircra‘t

            charter-party - 107

            as he wishes, paying a monthly rate of hire
            based on the deadweight tonnage of the ship.
            The ship is operated by the owners, but the
            charterer pays the cost of fuel and stores con-
            sumed during the period of the charter. Cf.
            voyage charter. See bareboat charter above.
            voyage charter one by which the ship or aircraft
            is hired for a single voyage between certain
            agreed ports, to carry a stated cargo at a fixed
            rate of freight. The owner bears all the
            expenses of the voyage and 1s responsible for
            operating the ship. Cf. time charter above.
            ». TRANSPT. to hire or let a ship or aeroplane
            for the carriage of goods or passengers. To
            charter a ship. That aircraft has been chartered.
            charterage (1) the chartering of a ship or air-
            craft. (2) the price of such chartering. Syn.
            charter rate.

            charter by demise see under charter. a

            chartered accountant acctTs. in Britain, a
            member of one of the institutes of chartered
            accountants in England and Wales, in Scotland
            and in Ireland. To become a member a person
            must first serve a period articled to a practising
            accountant, and then pass the institute’s exam-
            inations, which deal with a range of subjects
            from accounting and auditing to taxation, law
            and management. When qualified, a chartered
            accountant may put the initials A.C.A. or
            F.C.A. after his name. The letters C.A. are
            used only in Scotland. Cf. certified accountant;
            public accountant.

            Chartered Bank (Canada) BKG. one of nine
            banks formed under the Bank Act, which to-
            gether run about 6000 branches in Canada. See
            charter, 7. (1).

            chartered corporation see under corporation.

            chartered freight see under freight.

            chartered secretary MAN. in Britain, a mem-
            ber of the Institute of Chartered Secretaries
            and Administrators. To become a member he
            must pass the Institute’s examinations and
            have obtained up to six years’ professional
            experience. See company secretary.

            charterer TRANSPT. a person or organization
            agreeing to hire a ship or aircraft from its
            owners under an arrangement called a charter
            and recorded in a document called a charter-
            party. See charter, n. (3).
            demise charterer one who takes over entire
            responsibility for manning, operating and con-
            trolling a ship under a bareboat charter. See
            charter, n. (3).

            charterer’s freight see chartered frei ght under
            freight.

            charter market or chartering market TRAN-
            SPT. the chief international market for charter-
            ing ships and aircraft is in London. See Baltic
            Exchange.

            charter-party or charter party sHIPG. a for-
            mal document recording the detailed con-


                evince -p 118 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            108 - charter rate

            ditions of a contract between an owner who
            agrees to hire his ship or aircraft or part of the
            Cargo space in it, and a charterer who agrees
            to charter it, for a fixed period of time or for
            a stated number of voyages between named
            ports, for a sum of money or a rate of hire
            called freight. Such contracts are usu. arranged
            by ship-brokers. See affreightment; Baltic
            Exchange; charter, n. (3). Abbr. C.P.; C/P.
            Syn. (U.S.A.) charter agreement. Cf. bill of
            lading.

            charter rate see charterage (2).

            chartists STK. EXCH. professional market ana-
            lysts (skilled examiners) who, after studying
            present market conditions, preparing charts,
            drawing up tables of figures and weighing the
            effect of new influences, claim to be able to
            tell the future course of prices on the Stock
            Exchange.

            charwoman a woman employed by the hour or
            by the day to do housework or office cleaning,
            now more politely called a cleaner. Syn. char
            (collog.); cleaner; daily woman.

            chattel mortgage FIN. a mortgage in which
            the security for payment of the debt consists
            of chattels, i.e. personal possessions other than
            freehold land.

            chattel mortgage bond see under bond, n.

            chattels Law property of any kind other than
            freehold land (esp. in the phrase goods and
            chattels).
            chattels personal movable possessions including
            personal and household articles (choses in pos-
            session), and rights such as copyrights and
            patents (choses in action). Syn. pure personalty.
            chattels real a leasehold interest in land, i.e.
            immovable property other than freehold.

            cheap (1) of low price; costing little: Milk is
            cheap in summer. A cheap meal in a café. Cheap
            labour, workers who are paid low wages; also
            who are willing to work for low wages. To do
            something on the cheap (collog.), at as little cost
            as possible. (2) asking low prices: A cheap
            hotel/restuarant/shop. (3) good value for money;
            at a bargain price: These goods are dirt cheap,
            astonishingly cheap. Something going cheap,
            being offered at a bargain price. Cheap at the
            price, well worth the money asked. (4) of poor
            quality: Those clothes are cheap and nasty. A
            cheap Jack, a street-seller offering cheap arti-
            cles of low quality. See cheap money. Syn.
            inexpensive.

            cheap money FIN. & BKG. in the money market,
            money is said to be cheap when it is easy to
            borrow at low rates of interest usu. because the
            minimum lending rate is low. Cf. dear money.
            Syn. easy money.

            cheat n. a deceitful person who lives by getting
            =? or goods by trickery. Syn. fraud; swin-

            er.

            v. to deceive; to steal by a trick; to obtain

            | aan

            money or goods by false pretences: He cheated
            me out of my money. To cheat at cards/in an
            examination. It does not pay to cheat the Cus-
            toms, Syn. to defraud; to swindle.
            check n. (1) a stop or holding back: To
            someone in check, to hold him back esp. from
            acting foolishly or wrongly. To Keep expenses
            in check. To keep a check on expenses, to watch
            them carefully in order to limit them. To put g
            check on smoking at work, to control or Stop it
            esp. if forbidden. (2) a sudden interference oe
            interruption: His accident was a check to his
            career. The factory fire is a serious check to
            production. A check to profits caused by high
            interest rates. (3) a control for the purpose of
            making sure of the correctness of information,
            esp. of figures: A trial balance is an essential
            check of the accounting system. A check of the
            day’s takings, a counting of the cash received,
            esp. in a shop. See also management contro]
            under control. (4) a system of preventing or
            uncovering dishonesty: A sudden check of the
            stock showed that some had been stolen. A cus-
            toms check is aimed at preventing smuggling. I
            suspect that cashier, so keep a check on him,
            watch him for signs of dishonesty. (5) (U.S.A.)
            a cheque. Abbr. ck. (6) (U.S.A.) a bill, esp. in
            a restaurant. (7) (U.S.A.) a receipt or ticket for
            luggage or for clothes left in a cloakroom: A
            baggage check. A hat check. (8) (U.S.A.) a mark
            used when checking, thusvV, i.e. a tick. (9)
            (U.S.A. collog.) Yes; I agree; you are correct.
            v. to examine in order to find out whether
            something is correct; to make sure that some-
            thing is as it should be.
            check in (U.S.A) (a) to leave or to accept
            something for safe keeping in a checkroom (a
            cloakroom or a left-luggage office in Britain).
            (b) to take a room in a hotel and sign the
            register on arrival. (c) to record one’s arrival
            at an airport for a journey or at a factory for
            work. Syn. clock in; clock on.
            check off to mark an item (e.g. in a list) with
            a tick,/, to show that it is correct.
            check out (U.S.A.) (a) to pay one’s bill on
            leaving, e.g. a hotel, a restaurant, a supermar-
            ket: Sorry, sir, Mr Jones checked out yesterday,
            left the hotel yesterday. A queue of customers
            waiting to check out (of the supermarket). (}) to
            record one’s leaving a factory or office after
            work. Syn. clock out; clock off.
            check up on to examine for the purpose of
            making sure that all is in order; to look into
            some matter to see whether certain statements
            or claims are true or honest: You must check
            up on his character, find out whether he ts
            honest, etc. In checking up on his claim, I find it
            is false.
            check with to be in agreement with; to corre-
            spond to: The invoice checks exactly with the
            dispatch note.

            keep


                evince -p 119 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &


            checkbook (U.S.A.) BKG. a cheque book.
            check digit COMP. in data processing, one or
            more digits that are added to the end of a code
            number for the purpose of reducing errors that
            would otherwise pass into the system with-
            out being discovered. The data-processing
            machine is programmed to divide the code
            number by a previously-chosen fixed figure and
            to add the remainder (the check digit(s)) to the
            code number. For example, if the code number
            is 153976 and the fixed figure chosen for check-
            ing is 5, the check digit in this case will be 1,
            being the remainder when the code number is
            divided by 5; so that the full code number and
            check digit will be 153976 1.
            checker (1) a person who checks that things are
            correct, €.g. the contents of an invoice, order,
            list, account, etc. (2) in U.S.A., a cloakroom
            attendant. (3) in U.S.A., a cashier in a super-
            market.
            checking account (U.S.A.) BKG. a current
            account, 1.e. one on which cheques (checks)
            can be drawn. Syn. (Britain) current account:
            chequing account.
            checklist or check list MAN. a specially pre-
            pared list of things, names, subjects, steps in a
            process, etc., arranged in a certain order and
            intended to help in checking and comparing.
            checkout COM. in a supermarket, the desk at
            which one pays for goods bought. Syn. cash
            desk; checkout point.
            checkroom (U.S.A.) TouR. a left-luggage office;
            a Cloakroom.
            check trading (U.S.A.) COM. & FIN. a system of
            payment by which a shopkeeper sells a cheque
            (check) to a customer who later repays the
            amount with interest and usu. by instalments,
            i.e. regular part payments spread over a period.
            Cf. hire-purchase agreement.
            cheerful sTK. EXCH. happy, expecting business
            to be good: The tone of the market was more
            cheerful, share prices were higher and there
            was more business to be done.
            cheeseparing (colloqg.) excessively and foolishly
            unwilling to spend money: An owner too cheese-
            paring to keep his property in good repair.
            chef (de cuisine) TouR. the chief cook in
            charge of the kitchen of a restaurant or large
            private house.
            cheque BKG. legally, a bill of exchange drawn
            on a banker, payable on demand. In practice
            it is a direction in writing to a bank to pay a
            stated sum of money on demand to a named
            person or organization, or to his or their order,
            or to bearer. Syn. (U.S.A.) check. Abbr. cha.
            ante-dated cheque one which has been given a
            date earlier than the date on which it was
            signed, in order to make it appear that it had
            been drawn earlier and had been delayed in
            delivery. Cf. post-dated cheque.
            bank cheque see bank draft.

            = a , ee ee ee ——————————EE SCY

            cheque - 109

            banker’s cheque see bank draft.

            bearer cheque see separate entry.

            blank cheque see under blank.

            cancelled cheque one which has been paid and
            so cancelled by being marked with a paid date-
            stamp by the bank on which it was drawn. It
            is used as a voucher until the amount has been
            debited and is sometimes later sent, with any
            other paid cheques, to the customer with his
            next bank statement. Syn. paid cheque.
            cashier’s cheque a cheque drawn by a cashier
            of a bank on the same bank. Syn. (Britain)
            bank draft; (U.S.A.) cashier’s check.

            certified cheque one that has been formally
            declared by a bank to be good and will be paid
            from money which the bank has set aside. Syn.
            (Britain) marked cheque; (U.S.A.) certified
            check.

            crossed cheque one with two parallel lines
            drawn across it, usu. by the drawer or his agent,
            e.g. his bank. This crossing, without any other
            words, or with only the words ‘and Company’
            or ‘& Co.’ between the lines (see and Company
            (2)) is called a general crossing and is a direction
            that payment of the cheque can be made only
            to a bank, who will then credit the amount to
            the account of the customer; it will not be paid
            in cash over the counter. Crossing a cheque
            lessens the risk of loss by dishonesty. Any
            holder of a cheque may cross it. If the name
            of the bank is written between the lines, it is
            a special crossing, and the cheque can be paid
            only to the named bank. The words ‘not nego-
            tiable’ may be written across the cheque by the
            drawer or by any person who becomes the
            holder of the cheque; this is to guard against
            payment being made to a person who has no
            right to possess it. The words ‘account payee’
            or ‘a/c payee’ written across the cheque are a
            direction to the bank that the amount is to be
            credited to the account only of the named
            payee and no one else (see account payee). A
            crossed cheque may be uncrossed or opened by
            the drawer by writing the words ‘pay cash’
            against the crossing and adding his initials.
            Opp. open cheque.

            dishonoured cheque see dishonour (2).

            gift cheque see separate entry.

            house cheque one drawn on and presented for
            payment at the same bank, possibly at a diffe-
            rent branch. Such cheques are not put through
            the clearing house.

            limited cheque in dealings in foreign currencies,
            a cheque drawn in a foreign currency and
            marked in the margin with a sum in the draw-
            er’s own currency, to show that the cheque is
            limited to the equivalent of not more than that
            sum.

            manager’s cheque a cheque drawn by a bank
            on itself and signed by one of its managers.
            Such cheques are used by a bank when acting


                evince -p 120 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            110 - cheque

            on directions from a customer, esp. one who
            has temporarily gone abroad, to pay certain
            bills when sent to the bank. Cf. bank draft.
            marked cheque a cheque to which the banker

            on whom it is drawn has added a note, or
            mark, that the cheque is good and will be met.

            In Britain this practice is not favoured and has
            been largely replaced by using a banker’s draft.
            Syn. (U.S.A.) certified check.

            memorandum cheque a post-dated cheque given

            by a debtor to a creditor who will use it only

            if the debt is not repaid by the due date.
            negotiable cheque one which is made payable

            to order or to bearer, thus allowing the holder

            to transfer it (pass the ownership of it) to
            another party simply by delivering it. See nego-
            tiable instrument.
            open cheque one that has not been crossed.

            order cheque one which is payable toa named
            person or order: Pay John Brown or order, Tom
            Smith, the wording of a cheque drawn by Tom |
            Smith directing his bank to pay the amount of
            the cheque to John Brown or to his order. Cf.
            bearer cheque.

            out-of-date cheque see stale cheque below.

            overdue cheque one which, for the purpose of
            negotiation, has been in circulation for an
            unreasonabie time. What period is unreason-
            able is a question of fact in each case, but up
            to 12 days is probably right, although a longer
            period would apply to a cheque from abroad.
            Not to be confused with a stale or out-of-date
            cheque.

            paid cheque see cancelled cheque above.
            personal cheque one drawn by a private person,
            not a firm or organization.

            personalized cheque one on which the issuing
            bank has printed the number and name of the
            account in the bottom right-hand corner before
            issuing it to the customer.

            post-dated cheque see under post-date.
            returned cheque one on which payment has
            been refused and which has been returned to
            the branch of the bank that presented it for
            payment. Cf. dishonoured cheque under dis-
            honour (2).

            rubber cheque a dishonoured cheque that
            bounces back to the payee. See bounce;
            bouncer.
            self cheque see self. c
            stale cheque one which has not been presented
            for payment within six months of the date
            when it was drawn. Such a cheque is returned
            unpaid with a note written or stamped on it
            saying ‘out of date’. Syn. out-of-date cheque.
            stock cheque see under stock cheque. C
            Stopped cheque one of which the payment has_  ¢
            been stopped by the drawer by giving a direc-
            tion to his bank, either by word of mouth or

            In writing, not to pay it. The banker returns

            the stopped cheque unpaid to the person who

            presented it for payment with a note written o,
            stamped on it saying ‘payment countermanded
            (cancelled) by the drawer’ or ‘orders not to
            pay’. If the bank pays a cheque in spite of a
            stop order, the bank must bear the loss. See
            also countermand (1).
            traveller’s cheque a special kind of cheque
            issued by a bank to a traveller who can get
            payment in local currency at sight, i.e. on
            presenting it, with proof of his signature, at q
            bank, store, hotel, etc. almost anywhere. Such
            cheques are usu. paid for at the time they are
            issued; if they are lost, the issuing bank wijj
            repay or replace the missing cheques unless the
            traveller has been guilty of carelessness, Syy.
            (U.S.A.) traveler’s check; travel cheque.
            cheque account BKG. a current account, see
            under bank account.

            Cheque and Credit Clearing Co. Ltd. see
            Association for Payment Clearing Services.
            cheque book or chequebook BKG. a book
            of printed cheque forms for use in drawing
            cheques on a bank. The form is usu. in two
            parts, the cheque itself, which is torn out,

            leaving a counterfoil or stub as a record of
            what was written on the cheque itself. Syn.
            (U.S.A.) checkbook.

            s>heque card BKG. a card supplied by a bank to
            a customer, stating that the bank binds itself
            to honour any cheque up to a stated value, e.g.
            £50, drawn by the customer (whose signature
            appears on the card) provided that the number
            of the card is written on the back of the
            cheque. Syn. bank card; banker’s card; cheque
            guarantee card. Cf. credit card.

            sheque rate BKG. in foreign-exchange dealings,
            the rate at which a foreign-exchange dealer
            will buy a cheque or sight draft payable in
            another country. Syn. sight rate; cable rate:
            short rate.

            sheque requisition ACCTS. & MAN. a printed
            form prepared by an employee who in the
            course of his work needs a cheque signed by
            or for his employers in order to make a business
            payment. The form gives the necessary details
            for the cheque to be drawn, after the payment
            has been approved by a person having power
            to do so.

            sheque-writing machine BKG. a kind of type-
            writer that cuts letters and figures into the
            paper, making it impossible to change them.
            Such machines are used esp. for preparing
            cheques and other negotiable instruments in
            order to prevent dishonesty.

            s+hequing account see checking account.

            sherry-picking CoM. (collog.) words used by
            shopkeepers to describe the practice of those
            shoppers who go from shop to shop buying a
            particular article in the shop where it is cheap-
            est, and buying nothing else there (as might a


            a nr a — es


                evince -p 121 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &


            gt? ira. ee eT ee | oe

            bird fly from tree to tree eating only the ripest
            fruit). |

            Ches. Cheshire, England.

            ch. fwd. charges forward.

            e. charge. :
            pte Board of Options Exchange

            (C.B.O.E.) sTK. EXCH. the most important
            exchange in the U.S.A. for the auction of
            option calls and puts, mainly on stocks traded
            on the New York Stock Exchange.

            Chicago Board of Trade (C.B.O.T, C.B.T)
            COMMOD. EXCH. the most important commodity
            market in the world. Founded in 1848 it deals
            also in futures contracts of all kinds, esp. in
            agricultural products, metals and financial
            instruments. See also Commodities Exchange
            in New York.

            Chicago Mercantile Exchange (C.M.E.)
            COMMOD. EXCH. in addition to the Chicago
            Board of Trade, an important commodity ex-
            change dealing also in futures contracts in agri-
            cultural and forest products, metals, foreign
            currencies, stocks and financial instruments.

            Chicago School ECON. THEORY an important
            school of modern economic thought formed
            mainly of teachers at the University of
            Chicago, U.S.A., who in general favour free-
            dom from government interference in the econ-
            omy, the breaking up of large firms into small
            units to allow free competition and the encour-
            agement of risk-taking. They support a policy
            of monetarism, and are led by Milton Friedman
            and F.A. Hayek, both Nobel prizewinners ;
            and include Frank Knight, Henry Simons and
            George J. Stigler. Syn. Monetary School:
            monetarists; neo-Liberals.

            chicken-feed (1) (collog.) a sum of money so
            small as to be not worth considering; some-
            thing worth very little: His income from writing
            books is chicken-feed. (2) in U.S.A., small
            change; coins of low value.

            chief executive officer in U.S.A., the Presi-
            dent of the United States of America. In Bri-
            tain, the highest official of an organization,
            the person charged with the responsibility for
            seeing that it is properly and profitably run.
            The name is gradually replacing the words
            managing director. Abbr. C.E.O.

            chief-rent LAW in Britain, a small sum of
            money, usu. only a few pounds a year, payable
            by the owners of some freehold properties, e.g.
            to the lord of the manor. It was formerly
            payable for ever but it can now be redeemed
            (paid off by a lump sum) if the holder of the
            Property so wishes. Cf. ground rent. Syn. rent-
            charge. |

            child or children’s allowance TAXxn. in Brit-
            ain, a personal allowance or amount of money
            by which a taxpayer who supports children
            may reduce his taxable income.

            child benefit in Britain, a sum of money paid



            chop - 1117

            weekly to a mother for each of her children
            below the age of 16. This is paid by the govern-
            ment out of general taxation.

            child’s deferred policy see under insurance
            policy.

            Chinese auction see Dutch auction.

            Chinese walls BKG. in U.S.A., action taken by
            banks in refusing loans to persons intending to
            make use of inside information for the purpose
            of buying stocks/shares in companies which
            are the subject of takeover bids, so called from
            the barrier or ‘wall’ put between the intending
            buyers and the parties in the takeover deals.
            See arbitrageur; insider trading. =

            chip (1) small round piece of bone, ivory, or,
            usu., plastic in imitation of a coin, used in
            playing certain card games. (2) bad feeling
            against somebody, esp. in the expression: He
            has a chip on his shoulder, has bad feelings
            against, is angry with, other people in general;
            is offended. (3) STK. EXCH. a share. See blue
            chip. (4) COMP. a small piece of silicon (an
            element which is a semiconductor) on which
            can be printed a system of lines along which
            electricity can flow, and which forms the essen-
            tial part of the central processor of a computer.
            A microchip, a silicon chip that is part of a
            microcomputer.
            chips p/. a ship’s carpenter.

            CHIPS Clearing House Inter-Bank Payments
            System.

            chisel (collog.) to cheat; to obtain money or
            goods by dishonest tricks. N. a chiseller.

            chit (1) any short handwritten note; a formal
            demand-note. (2) a note signed by a customer
            agreeing to pay later for food or drink served
            in a club or hotel. (3) a letter giving an opinion
            of a person’s character and qualifications.

            chn. chairman.

            choice n. ECON. THEORY the basic truth which
            governs all economic actions is that people
            must frequently make a choice between two or
            more courses in deciding how best to Satisfy
            their wants. They tend to choose the course
            which makes the best use of the limited supply
            of materials, etc., at their command, i.e. to
            Choose the cheapest course, thus introducing
            the idea of a system of prices. Economic theory
            Studies the ways in which people choose to act

            In a society in which a price system exists.

            adj. specially chosen; of high quality: Choice
            fruit.

            chop com. (1) in the East, esp. India and China,
            a stamp or mark giving approval: thus a Signed
            permit or licence or more general permission
            to perform a certain activity. (2) a brand or
            trade-mark applied to goods to distinguish
            them from those of other manufacturers or
            importers. (3) (collog.) dismissal from a job: To

            get the chop, to be dismissed from, to lose one’s
            employment.



                evince -p 122 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

             aeyamanrntencen tac anaaaid eo —S—S<é

            112 - chopper

            ». to cut with an axe OF
            greatly and suddenly : ae e
            d by half. Syn. to axe. |
            oe (1) com. (collog.) 4 used par
            taken in part-exchange. (2) TRANSPT.

            a helicopter. . nee
            w a personal right to g
            BN eee f law against another

            an action in a court O
            party in order to obtain payment of a sae
            to get damages for breach of contract or for

            some other personal wrong OF harm suffered.
            Cf. chose in possession. Pron. sho-. See chattel
            personal under chattel.
            chose in possession Law any actual object or
            thing personally possessed, €.g. furniture, a
            motor car, as distinguished from a right to
            something, e.g. to damages for breach of con-
            tract, or repayment of a debt. Pron. sho-. See
            chattel personal under chattel.
            ch. ppd. charges prepaid.
            chq. cheque.
            Christmas see quarter-day.
            chuck (collog.) dismissal: To get the chuck, to
            be dismissed. To give (someone) the chuck, to
            dismiss.
            Chunnel see Channel Tunnel.
            churning STK. EXCH. (collog.) an unfair practice
            of a few stockbrokers who buy and sell securi-
            ties to excess in order to increase the com-
            mission they earn from their clients.
            C.I. Channel Islands.
            C.1.D., CID Criminal Investigation Depart-
            ment, in Britain.
            Cie. (French, Compagnie) Company.
            c.i.f., C.1.F. cost, insurance, freight.
            c.i.f. and c. cost, insurance, freight and com-
            mission.
            c.i.f. and c. and i. cost, insurance, freight and
            commission and interest.
            c.i.f. and e. cost, insurance, freight and ex-
            change.
            c.i.f.c.i. cost, insurance, freight, commission
            and interest.
            C.1.M. computer integrated manufacture.
            Cinque Ports ECON. HIST. an eleventh-century
            grouping, originally of five ports in the south-
            east of England, Sandwich, Dover, Hythe,
            Romney and Hastings, to which were later
            added Rye and Winchelsea. The purpose of
            the grouping was to provide ships and men to
            defend England and the short crossing of the
            English Channel. Most of the harbours became
            silted up (filled with sand, etc.) or eroded (eaten
            away by the sea). Only Dover is now a port of
            some size.
            C.1.0. Congress of Industrial Organizations.
            cipher (1) a secret method of writing words. (2)
            the key to this. Also cypher.
            ate — COMP. a switch. —
            action in a ee the bringing of an
            Ria y a way that is not the

            similar tool; to reduce
            xpenses must be

            shortest way that could be taken. The Claims
            would therefore fail for circuity of action.
            circular ADVTG. & COM. a printed notice o,
            advertisement sent to a wide circle of people.
            circular letter a circular in the form of a letter,
            often typewritten OF printed to look like ap
            ordinary letter sent only to the addressee, by
            in fact sent to many people.
            circular flow ECON. THEORY the regular ang
            continual flow of payments and receipts, from
            consumers to traders and producers of goods
            and services bought; and then the flow back
            to consumers in the form of wages, rent,
            interest, and profit, 1.€. the national income.
            circular letter of credit see under letter of
            redit. .
            Sreuler ticket see under ticket.
            circulating assets see current assets under
            ts, pl. i
            sical capital see working capital under
            capital.
            circulating medium ECON. money as a means
            of exchange, i.e. for buying and selling goods
            and services. It includes not only bank-notes,
            coins, and gold and silver bars but also cheques,
            bills of exchange, and any other instruments
            used instead of money. Syn. currency; medium
            of exchange.
            circulation the movement of such things as
            goods, money, ideas, news.
            bank circulation BKG. of a note-issuing bank,
            the total value of notes which it has issued and
            which are in circulation, 1.e. in the hands of
            the public. Such notes are payable on demand.
            coin circulation BKG. the number and value of
            coins in the hands of the public. Of these
            only a few are kept in pockets and purses for
            everyday use for buying things — in Britain
            about 20%. Most coins are locked or stored
            away and are not being actively used, e.g.
            stocks in banks (about 20%), lying in meters
            and slot machines (about 15%), or held in the
            home as savings (about 20%): the balance of
            25% is either lost or cannot be accounted for.
            currency circulation see under currency.
            money circulation BKG. & ECON. money which
            is in the hands of the public, such as coins,
            notes, cheques, bills of exchange, etc. and
            being used to pay for goods and services. See
            velocity of circulation.
            newspaper circulation ADVTG. the average total
            number of copies actually sold of each issue of
            a particular newspaper (or magazine) during a
            stated period. Cf. readership circulation below.
            readership circulation ADVTG. the number of
            persons who are believed to read any one issue
            of a newspaper or magazine. Cf. newspaper
            circulation above. —
            City Banks BKG. the group name for the 13
            Major commercial banks in Japan.
            City Code see code (2).


                evince -p 123 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            ‘ey desk see under desk. |
            pie editor in Britain, the head of a staff of

            persons employed by one of the larger news-
            papers to report on commercial and financial
            news, esp. of business activities in the City (i.e.
            of London). See City desk under desk.

            City, The the City of London, an area of about
            one square mile on the north bank of the River
            Thames in the heart of Greater London. It
            is one of the world’s leading financial and
            commercial centres. Its highly-developed
            financial systems are based on the Bank of
            England, the large joint-stock banks and
            advanced capital and discount markets. Its
            famous International Stock Exchange provides
            a world market for all types of investments. Its
            many insurance companies, led by Lloyd’s,
            form an insurance market of great inter-
            national importance. The City has many of
            the world’s largest commodity exchanges and
            shipping companies. Cf. Wall Street. Syn. The
            Square Mile.

            Civil Aeronautics Board (C.A.B) TRANSPT.
            a government organization in U.S.A. that has
            power to make rules for all commercial avi-
            ation in the country and to see that they are
            obeyed.

            Civil Aviation Authority (C.A.A.) TRANSPT.
            in Britain, the organization responsible by law
            for ensuring that British airline passengers and
            freight services are safely and economically
            run for the public good. It provides air navi-
            gation, air traffic control, fire and rescue ser-
            vices, controls the licensing and training of
            flight crews, and itself operates many British
            airports. It receives a grant from the govern-
            ment. Cf. Civil Aeronautics Board (in U.S.A.).

            civil commotion INSCE. violent disturbance of
            the public order, esp. when it causes harm to
            lives and property. It is a risk which is covered
            only by special insurance arrangements. Cf.
            riot. Abbr. C.C.

            civil law Law (1) in Britain and U:S.A., etc.
            the law relating to the rights and duties of
            private persons, as distinguished from criminal
            law. See common law. (2) on the continent
            of Europe, the law based mainly on Roman,
            German, church, commercial and other Sys-
            tems of law. Such civil law is found also in
            areas governed in the past by European nations
            other than the British. Syn. Roman law. (3) the
            law of a particular nation, as distinguished
            from international law. :

            Civil List see crown land.

            Civil Service in Britain, the body of govern-
            ment employees, called Civil Servants, who
            deal with the administration of the country,
            other than those who are members of the armed
            services. Abbr. C.S.

            Ck. cask; check.

            C.k.d., C.K.D. completely knocked down.

            Classical School - 113

            cl. clause.

            claim n. (1) a piece of land to which one has a
            legal right of ownership: To stake a claim, to
            mark out the boundaries of the land which is
            Claimed. A mining claim, a claim to the right
            to mine on a piece of land (2) INSCE. a demand
            made by an insured party on the insurer for.
            payment under an insurance policy. (3) INSCE.
            the policy itself when the event insured against
            has happened. See also exaggerated claim. (4)
            LAW a demand for something due as a right:
            A claim for damages for breach of contract.
            v. (1) to demand something that is due by right.
            To claim payment of a debt/of damages/of the
            sum insured/of a share in the profits. To claim
            one’s possessions/goods/land/lost property/ rights,
            etc. (2) to declare, to state as a fact: He claimed
            to be a professional accountant. I claim that he
            stole the money. (3) to need, to deserve : These
            papers claim my attention/immediate action.

            claimant LAW & INSCE. a person who claims,
            makes a claim, e.g. under a will or an insurance
            policy. Syn. claimer.

            claimer see claimant.

            claims adjuster INSCE. a person employed by
            an insurance company to settle claims under
            policies issued by the company. See adjuster.

            claim, statement of see statement of claim.

            clandestine secret, done under deceit: Clan-
            destine trade, forbidden trade, e.g. with an
            enemy country in time of war.

            Clark John Bates (1847-1938), American econ-
            omist, professor at Columbia University. His
            Philosophy of Wealth (1885) restated in a clear
            and well-ordered but critical manner the teach-
            ing of the classical economists. In his Distri-
            bution of Wealth (1899) he developed his theory
            of production and distribution and was the first
            to put forward the idea of marginal pro-
            ductivity. |

            Clark John Maurice (1884-1971), American
            economist, like his father, John Bates Clark,
            also professor at Columbia University. He is
            best known for his study of overhead costs
            and for first putting forward the idea of the
            Acceleration Principle.

            Class TOUR. & TRANSPT. a division according to
            quality or price: High-class accommodation : the
            low-class district of a town. F irst-/second-/econ-
            omy-/tourist-class/ticket, etc. Single-class ship,
            one that carries only one class of passenger.
            First class, the best.

            classical economics the ideas and teachings
            of the British economists from about 1776 to
            1890. See Classical School.

            Classical School Econ. THEORY a school of
            thought, also called the English School of
            Classical Political Economy, which may be
            said to have given birth to economics as a
            Separate subject for study. It began in 1776
            with the publication of Adam Smith’s An



                evince -p 124 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &


            114 - classification of ships

            Enquiry into the Nature and Causes of the Wealth
            of Nations, the first full and well-ordered book
            on economics. In 1819 David Ricardo pub-
            lished his Principles of Political Economy and
            Taxation, a critical examination of Adam
            Smith’s work but also greatly developing the
            use of a reasoned argument, esp. in regard to
            the advantages of international trade and the
            Law of Comparative Costs. In 1848 John Stu-
            art Mill in turn published his Principles of
            Political Economy, a critical restatement of
            Ricardo’s work. The basic teaching of the
            Classical School was that in any organized
            economic system there is a natural tendency
            towards equilibrium (a state of balance) caused
            by the continuous action upon one another of
            the factors of production: land, labour and
            capital. Other important economists in this
            school were: Jeremy Bentham, John Elliott
            Cairnes, John Ramsey MacCulloch, Thomas
            Malthus, James Miull, Nassau Senior, and
            Robert Torrens. From about 1890 the Cam-
            bridge or Neo-Classical School led by Alfred
            Marshall, followed and developed the work of
            the classical economists.

            classification of ships SHIPG. & MAR. INSCE.
            the survey (close examination) and placing
            of ships in classes according to certain rules
            relating to the quality and safety of their hulls,
            engines and apparatus such as steering, boats,
            anchors, chains and cables. This work is done
            by specialists. See classification societies.
            classification societies SHIPG. & MAR. INSCE.
            organizations that are recognized by their
            governments in various countries and given
            powers to see that ships are as safe as possible.
            The societies employ surveyors who make sure
            that the ships are properly built, of good mate-
            rials and that they are kept in good and safe
            working order. The societies make safety rules
            which shipowners and masters must follow.
            Each ship is classified according to its level of
            safety, thus pointing out the degree of risk
            accepted by the marine insurers of the ship.
            The main classification societies are: Lloyd’s
            Register of Shipping (see separate entry) in
            London, the leading society; the American
            Bureau of Shipping in U.S.A.; Bureau Veritas,
            originally in Belgium but now in Paris; Norske
            Veritas in Norway; Registro Italiano Navale
            in Italy; Polski Rejestr in Poland; and Ger-
            manischer Lloyd in Germany. Most of these
            work in co-operation with Lloyd’s Register of
            Shipping.

            classified advertisement see under advertise-
            ment.

            classified catalogue see under catalogue.
            classified common stock (U.S.A.) STK. EXCH.
            stock (in a corporation) which has been issued
            in two classes, ‘A’ stock, the holders of which
            have no right to vote, and ‘B’ stock, the holders


            of which have a right to vote. Syn. (Britain)
            voting and non-voting shares.
            classified directory see under directory.
            class struggle (1) ECON. THEORY the basic ide,
            of the Marxists, that in a capitalist system.
            where the means of production are owned
            by private persons or organizations aiming to
            make as much profit as possible, there jg ,
            continual struggle between those who own the
            means of production (the capitalists) and the
            workers they employ (the proletariat). (2) the
            social struggle between the aristocracy (ruling
            class of noblemen) and the commoners. Se,
            Marx, Karl.
            clause (1) LAW a sentence or paragraph, com-
            plete in itself, forming part of a legal document.
            Clauses are usu. numbered. (2) INSCE. in 4
            formal insurance document, ¢.g. in the policy
            or joined to it, a part consisting of a sentence
            or paragraph which contains one or more con-
            ditions or warranties. Syn. proviso. Abbr. cl.
            claused bill of lading see dirty b/l under bill
            of lading.
            claw-back TAXN. in Britain, the money which
            the government takes back from the public by
            higher taxes after giving increased tax allow-
            ances and higher regular payments by the
            State, such as retirement pensions.
            cld. cleared (through Customs).
            clean v. to make clean; to remove anything
            unwanted.
            to clean someone out (collog.) to take all his
            money.

            to be cleaned out (colloqg.) to have nothing, esp.
            no money.
            to clean up (collog.) to make a profit, usu. on a
            single transaction: He sold his business and
            cleaned up a million pounds.
            clean acceptance an accepted bill of exchange
            without special conditions. See general or clean
            acceptance under acceptance. Cf. qualified or
            special acceptance.
            clean bill of exchange see under bill of ex-
            change.
            clean bill of health see under bill of health.
            clean bill of lading see under bill of lading.
            clean bond see under bond, n.
            clean credit see under credit (3).
            cleaner IND. a person or product that cleans:
            An office cleaner. A shop or factory that cleans
            clothes: A firm of dry cleaners. To take (someone)
            to the cleaners, (collog.) to take all or most of a
            person’s money or other possessions, esp. if
            done dishonestly; to ruin a person financially.
            clean hands Law a rule of equity that a person
            who asks for the help of a court of law must
            ‘come with clean hands’, i.e. his own behaviour
            and actions must be faultless. ,
            clean ship SHIPG. one that is not in quarantine,
            or is no longer in quarantine. If a tanker, one


                evince -p 125 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            that has had her tanks cleaned out and is ready
            to receive another cargo. Cf. dirty ship. ©
            clear v. (1) CoM. of goods, to sell off, get rid of :
            To clear, for sale at a cheap price to get rid of
            old stock. (2) To clear one’s costs/expenses, to
            make neither a profit nor a loss. |
            to clear someone out to take, use up, all his
            money.
            (3) to clear Customs, see clearance. Abbr. cld.
            (cleared). (4) BKG. To clear a cheque, to pass it
            through a clearing system. See Association for
            Payment Clearing Services. (5) SHIPG. to com-
            plete all the steps necessary to allow a ship to
            sail, esp. getting the ship’s papers passed by
            the Customs. See clearance.
            adj. full, complete: A clear week's notice is
            needed, at least a week’s notice of seven full
            days excluding the date of issue of the notice
            and the date of the event it relates to, such as
            a meeting. These are known as clear days.
            clearance (1) Com. the formalities necessary to
            satisfy the customs officers before they will
            allow goods to be cleared (removed) from cus-
            toms for dispatch or delivery elsewhere. The
            work is usu. done by a clearing agent for
            imported goods and by a shipping agent for
            goods being exported. (2) sHIPG. a customs
            document given to the master of a ship, allow-
            ing him either to unload (clearance inwards) or
            to leave the port (clearance outwards). Clear-
            ance is given only after examining the records
            carried by the ship concerning her cargo, her
            crew, their state of health, etc., and payment
            of port dues. See jerque note. (3) TAXN. tax
            clearance, a statement by the tax authorities
            declaring that the tax will not be charged on
            some particular transaction.
            clearance agent see clearing agent.
            clearance papers documents given by the Cus-
            toms to the master of a ship allowing him to
            unload or to sail.
            clearance sale com. a special selling of goods
            at reduced prices to clear (get rid of) remaining
            stocks quickly in order to make room for new
            stocks. Syn. clearing-out sale. Cf. closing-down
            sale, end-of-season sale, under sale.
            Clearers BKG. (collog.) the clearing banks.
            clearing BKG. a process adopted by members of
            the banking and financial system of a country,
            of exchanging cheques, drafts and other means
            of payment, and settling only the balances at
            the end of the day. See Association for Payment |
            Clearing Services.
            special clearing an arrangement with a bank
            which, in return for a fee, will cause a cheque
            to be cleared immediately instead of taking the
            normal time of several days.
            town clearing the special arrangement among
            banks in the City of London which provides
            pa see clearings each working day instead
            fly one in the rest of Britain.

            client account - 115

            Clearing agent CoM. & SHIPG. one specially
            skilled in completing the formalities needed to
            clear imported goods through the Customs. He
            is paid usu. by a small commission. Syn.
            clearance agent; customs agent; (U.S.A.) cus-
            toms broker.

            clearing agreement FIN. & ECON. a form of
            bilateral trade agreement between two coun-
            tries, one or both of which are suffering from
            severe difficulties in their balance of payments.
            To make trade easier, all payments for imports
            are made through the central bank of the
            country concerned. Exporters receive payment
            from this bank at certain dates during the year.

            Clearing House Automatic Payments
            System (CHAPS) BKG. an organization
            based in London that provides European banks
            with the same service as that given in the
            U.S.A. by CHIPS (Clearing House Inter-Bank
            Payments System).

            Clearing House Inter-Bank Payments
            System (CHIPS) BKG. in U.S.A. an organiz-
            ation based in New York for passing and
            recording electronically most of the inter-
            national transfers in U.S. dollars between the
            more important U.S. banks and the New York
            branch offices of many foreign banks. Cf.
            CHAPS (Clearing House Automatic Payments
            System).

            clearing-out sale see clearance sale.

            clerical adj. of or relating to a clerk; dealing
            with office work: A clerical error, a clerk’s
            mistake. Clerical staff, employees working in
            an office, as distinguished from those working
            in a factory, etc. Clerical work, office work.
            Clerical worker, a clerk; an office worker. Cleri-
            cal assistant, see assistant.

            clerk (1) a person employed in an office or shop,
            to deal with business papers, letters, orders,
            bills, etc. and to keep accounts. Adj. clerical.
            (2) in U.S.A., a person who serves customers
            in a shop. (3) an officer responsible for the
            administration esp. of a government organiza-
            tion: The clerk of the council. A Justice’s clerk.

            authorized clerk see separate en try.
            booking clerk see separate entry.
            invoice clerk see separate entry.
            ledger clerk see separate entry.
            order clerk see separate entry.
            wages clerk see separate entry.
            See also articled clerk under article.

            clerk of (the) works IND. a person in charge
            of the work on a new building.

            ‘C' licence see ‘A’ licence.

            client (1) a person who employs or uses the
            services of a professional adviser (other than a
            doctor or dentist) esp. of a lawyer, architect,
            stockbroker. (2) a customer, a person who buys
            or is likely to buy from a seller.

            client account accts. in the accounts of a
            professional person or firm handling money for


                evince -p 126 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            116 - clientele

            clients, a special account for each client in
            which sums received and paid out are recorded.
            Any money that may be due to the client is
            treated as being held in trust for the client and
            must be kept separate from the firm’s own
            money; it may not be used by the firm for
            purposes of trading or put to any other use, the
            aim being to protect the client from loss by
            fraud or insolvency.

            clientele all the clients or customers, esp. those
            who are in the habit of using the services of
            a professional adviser or businessman: The
            clientele of a hotel. Pron. clee-ontél.

            clinch com. to settle (an argument, bargain,
            business deal); to bring to a successful result:
            To clinch a deal/sale.

            clip-joint COM. & TOUR. (collog.) a restaurant,
            esp. a night-club, which robs its customers by
            charging prices that are far too high.

            clipped coin FIN. a coin that has had its edges
            cut away, thus reducing its intrinsic value, i.e.
            its value as a piece of metal. See debasement
            of coinage.

            clipper ship sHIPG. & ECON. HIST. a very fast
            sailing ship, specially built to bring the first
            cargoes of tea and wool every season from
            the East Indies and Australia to Britain and
            America during the nineteenth century.

            cloakroom TOUR. & TRANSPT. (1) a place where
            coats, hats and luggage may be safely left for
            Short periods on payment of a small charge
            called a cloakroom fee. Syn. left-luggage office.
            (2) in Britain, a lavatory, esp. in a public
            building.

            Clock v. IND. to record the time (of an event).
            to clock in/on to record the time of one’s arrival
            at work on a card by putting it into a time-
            clock. Syn. (U.S.A.) to check in.
            to clock out/off to record the time of one’s
            leaving work in the same way. Syn. (U.S.A.)
            to check out.

            close n. (1) STK. EXCH. the end of the day’s
            trading; the close of business: At the close,
            share prices were steady after earlier falls. On
            the London International Stock Exchange the
            Official Close takes place at 15.30 hours. (2)
            COM. the moment when a customer makes the
            decision to buy something. Selling practices
            aimed at making the close more likely are
            known as closing techniques.

            v. (1) COM. & FIN. To close down, to stop trading;
            to shut down: The shop/factory/branch office/
            business, etc. has closed down. (2) in U.S.A., To
            close out, to try to get rid of goods by selling at

            reduced prices.
            close company see under company.
            closed case TRANSPT. a completely-closed pack-
            ing-case. Cf. crate.
            closed-end fund see under mutual fund.
            closed-end trust see under trust.
            closed indent see under indent.

            a a miuuntes ! Acura eg aa

            closed market see under market.
            closed shop IND. REL. a factory or other indus.
            trial or business concern where Only trad
            unionists are employed, usu. the result of the
            unions being strong enough to reach an rg
            ment with the employers that no Person wh,
            is not a member of a trade union will be
            employed. Cf. open shop. Syn. union shop,
            closed-up fund see under mutual fund
            close price see under price.
            closing (1) STK. EXCH. the end of business fo,
            the day: The closing price of a security is the
            last market price late in the afternoon of the
            particular day. See also closing purchase: clos.
            ing sale. (2) COM. the time at which Shops,
            offices, restaurants, public houses, etc. close
            their business, usu. for the day: Closing time.
            Early closing, see separate entry. (3) ACCTS. the
            end of an accounting period: Closing stock.
            the value of stocks of materials and finished
            products at the end of the accounting period,
            as compared with the opening stock.
            closing-down sale see under sale.
            closing entry ACCTS. a journal entry transfer-
            ring a balance from a nominal account to the
            profit and loss account as part of the work of
            closing the books of account at the end of each
            accounting period. See closing balance under
            balance, n. (1).
            closing purchase STK. EXCH. securities bought
            for the purpose of putting an end to a bear
            or short position, i.e. by a person who has
            contracted to deliver more securities than he
            possesses. Cf. closing sale.
            closing sale STK. EXCH. securities sold to put an
            end to a bull or long position, i.e. by a person
            who has to raise money because he has contrac-
            ted to buy more securities than he can pay for.
            club accounts ACCTS. accounting systems
            which are simpler than those of commercial
            Organizations because clubs, societies and
            associations are non-profitmaking. They have
            no trading or profit and loss accounts and
            often have nothing more than a receipts and
            payments account, sometimes called an income
            and expenditure account. If the organization
            Owns assets it will also have a balance sheet.
            See summary book.
            cm centimetre.
            C.M.E. Chicago Mercantile Exchange.
            C.M.E.A. Council for Mutual Economic Assist-
            ance. See COMECON.
            cml. commercial.
            C/N credit note; cover-note; consignment note.
            C.N.G. compressed natural gas.
            C/O cash order; certificate of origin.
            c/o care of; carried over.
            Co. Company; county; Colorado, U.S.A.
            coach TRANSPT. (1) in Britain, a bus, usu. with
            a single deck, used for long-distance journeys:


                evince -p 127 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            4 motor coach, A coach station. (2) a railway
            wagon built for carrying passengers.

            coal basin see basin (2). |

            coalition MAN. an informal grouping of people
            or organizations with common interests. At a
            national level employers and workers may each
            have their coalition groups, and within e.g. a
            hospital, coalition groups might include doc-
            tors, nurses and administrators. See also peer
            group.

            coal-ship see collier.

            co-assurer or CO-insurer INSCE. one of a group
            of insurers among whom a large insurance may
            be divided.

            coaster SHIPG. a small cargo-carrying ship which
            makes short voyages between home ports along
            the coast without visiting foreign ports. Syn.
            coasting ship; coasting vessel.

            coasting trade sHIPG. the business of carrying
            goods by coaster or coasting ship/steamer/
            vessel from one port to another port in the
            same country, i.e. without visiting a foreign
            country. Syn. coastwise trade; coasting.

            Cobden Richard (1804-65), English business-
            man, politician and economic reformer. In
            1838, with John Bright, he formed the Anti-
            Corn Law League in Manchester. He became
            a Member of Parliament in 1838 and his work
            was rewarded in 1846 by the repeal (ending)
            of the Corn Laws. With Bright he was a leader
            of the Manchester School of Economists, who
            believed in free trade and freedom from inter-
            ference by government in economic matters.
            See Anti-Corn Law League.

            COBOL comp. Common Business Oriented Lan-
            guage. A standard system of putting a com-
            puter program into machine language that can
            be used on a large number of different com-
            puters. Cf. ALGOL; APL; BASIC; FOR-
            TRAN; PASCAL; PL/1.

            C.O.D. (Britain) cash on delivery; (U.S.A) col-
            lect on delivery.

            code (1) Law a complete collection of laws relat-
            ing to a particular subject, e.g. the Bills of
            Exchange Act, 1882, which brought together
            in one statute (Act of Parliament) all the earlier
            laws on bills of exchange. (2) STK. EXCH. the
            City Code on Takeovers and Mergers, a guiding
            document issued by the takeover panel of the
            London International Stock Exchange. (3)
            ADVTG. the Code of Practice for Advertisers, a
            guiding document issued by the Advertising
            Standards Association. (4) COM. a system of
            words and figures used in sending telegrams
            and cables, with the purpose of saving costs by
            reducing the number of words in a message.
            See also postcode; bar coding. (5) COMP. a
            system of letters and figures forming a mach-
            iné-language that can be used in a computer.

            Syn. coding system. See alphanumeric. (6)

            TAXN. under the pay as you earn (P.A.Y.E.)

            col. - 117

            system in Britain each employee is given a
            code number that is determined by the income-
            tax allowances to which he has a right and
            which must be approved by the tax authorities.
            The higher the tax code number the higher the
            allowances. The employer can read from the
            tax table the total tax-free pay, and thus calcu-
            late the taxable pay from which tax must be
            taken and paid to the government.

            code of conduct MAN. a set of rules governing
            behaviour and procedures, usu. established at
            industry level, e.g. the Association of British
            Travel Agents Code of Conduct sets standards
            of guarantee to customers which have to be
            observed by member companies.

            codetermination IND. a situation in which
            employee representatives form part of the
            group making policy decisions in the organiza-
            tion.

            codicil Law a document added to a will and
            becoming part of it, making changes to one or
            more parts of the will.

            coffer (1) a strong box for storing valuable arti-
            cles. (2) a place for storing money, securities,
            bullion: The coffers of a bank/the State.

            cohong see Canton system (of trade).

            COIN n. FIN. a piece of money made of a fixed
            weight of a particular metal, issued by the
            government of a country for use as a means
            of making small payments: Gold/silver/cupro-
            nickel/bronze/copper coins. Metal money gener-
            ally: Payment in coin. False/base/bad coin. Stan-
            dard coin, token coin, see coinage. Cf. note issue.
            v. to make pieces of money from metal. Syn.
            to mint.
            to coin money to make a fortune quickly.

            >Oinage FIN. (1) a system of coins issued and
            controlled by the government of a country
            through its central bank for use as money. Cf.
            note issue. See also debasement of coinage. (2)
            the manufacture of metal money. (3) the right
            to manufacture it. See brassage; seigniorage.
            decimal coinage see decimal currency under
            currency.
            free coinage formerly a service offered by the
            State, which made no charge for manufactur-
            ing coins. Syn. gratuitous coinage.
            standard coinage the former system of issuing
            coins with a face value equal to their intrinsic
            value, i.e. the value of the metal in them.
            token coinage the present system of issuing
            coins having only a token value, i.e. their
            intrinsic value is much less than their face
            value.

            :01N-box see call-box.

            ;oin circulation see under circulation.

            ;oiner a criminal who makes false coins. Syn.
            forger; counterfeiter.

            -O-insurance see under insurance, classes and
            kinds of.

            sol. column.


            ~


                evince -p 128 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            118 - Col., Colo.

            Col., Colo. Colorado, U.S.A.
            cold see catch a cold.
            cold call com. a sales visit which is made with-
            out an appointment.
            cold store (1) a place where goods, esp. food,
            furs, etc., can be stored at low temperature
            in order to preserve them. Syn. refrigerated
            warehouse. (2) (collog.) To put a matter/plan/
            project into cold storage, to put off for conside-
            ration at a later time.
            coll., colin. collision.
            collaborate to work closely with another per-
            son, esp. in the writing of a book, the prep-
            aration of a plan or project of joint interest:
            Let us collaborate in this research, let us work
            together. Syn. co-operate.
            collapse (1) of a company, to fail in business,
            usu. suddenly. Syn. crash. (2) STK. EXCH. a
            heavy and sudden fall in prices.
            collateral BKG. & FIN. a security given for the
            repayment of a loan. Syn. collateral security.
            Tea acceptance see under acceptance
            collateral loan BKG. one covered by collateral
            security.
            collateral note FIN. a special kind of promis-
            sory note that includes a list of securities or
            other valuable things that the debtor has
            pledged to the creditor as security in case the
            promise to pay is not kept.
            collateral security FIN. & BKG. extra security
            provided by or for a borrower to support his
            intention to repay a loan. The security may be
            in the form of documents giving a right to
            property of some kind, such as the title-deeds
            of a house, government bonds, notes, etc. Syn.
            collateral.
            collateral trust bond see under bond, n.
            colleague a fellow worker, esp. one of equal
            importance and in the same profession or
            organization: J must ask my colleagues on the
            board (of directors). He is liked/accepted by his
            colleagues.
            collect (1) COM. & TAXN. to obtaln payment of
            money, e.g. of debts, subscriptions, donations,
            taxes, cheques, bills of exchange, esp. from a
            number of people. (2) BKG. as a banker, to
            present a cheque to the banker on whom it is
            drawn and thus to collect the amount for credit
            to the customer’s account.
            collecting banker one who collects cheques
            either for himself or for his customers, i.e. he
            presents cheques to other bankers for payment.
            He must use proper care while acting as collect-
            ing agent for his customer and must tell the
            customer if any cheque handed in for collection
            is returned unpaid.
            (3) COM. & TRANSPT. to take away, remove,
            goods from a particular place: We will collect
            your waste twice weekly. The goods are ready for
            you to collect. See freight collect.

            collecting commission see collecting note
            collecting note INscE. a document signed }
            an insured person who has made a claim ahah
            an insurance policy, giving power to <a
            insurance broker to collect money due to the
            insured under the claim. For his services the
            broker receives a collecting commission.
            collection FIN. & ACCTS. obtaining payment of
            a debt, e.g. a bill, cheque, etc.
            charity collection the collecting of money to
            give to the poor.
            collection and delivery a charge appearing op
            invoices to meet the cost of collecting ang
            delivering goods. Abbr. c. & d; c. and d.
            postal collection the clearing of post office letter-
            boxes.
            collections p/. COM. & FIN. money collected or
            received.
            collective agreement IND. REL. the formal
            contract between an employer or group of
            employers and a trade union representing
            employees, recording the agreed rates of wages
            and the hours and conditions of work of the
            employees. See collective bargaining.
            collective bargaining IND. REL. the work of
            trade unions and similar organizations rep-
            resenting employees in bargaining with
            employers in order to settle by formal agree-
            ment the level of wages, and the hours and
            conditions of employment.
            collective farm AGR. in socialist countries, a
            farm owned by the State and run by the persons
            who work on it, as distinguished from farms
            in non-socialist countries which are owned and
            run by private persons. Each worker on a
            collective farm usu. has a small plot of land
            which he can cultivate privately, but most of
            the land is farmed collectively.
            collective goods ECON. THEORY goods owned
            by the public as a whole, not by private persons
            or organizations, such as roads, public build-
            ings, parks, hospitals, etc.
            collective policy see under insurance policy.
            collectivism ECON. any form of social organiza-
            tion which supports state planning of the econ-
            omy and public ownership of all the means of
            production. The word first applied to the ideas
            of Socialists who disagreed with Marxism and
            communism; but it now refers loosely to state
            socialism, which opposes co-operation and
            guild socialism but allows private persons some
            limited freedom to own personal property. Col-
            lectivism is the opposite of individualism and
            liberalism.
            collectivist ECON. a person who supports the
            ideas of collectivism.
            collect on delivery see cash on delivery.
            collector a person employed to collect or gather
            in sums of money such as rents, rates, taxes,
            debts, subscriptions, zifts, etc. Abbr. collr.
            collector of taxes in Britain, a local official of


                evince -p 129 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &


            the Department of Inland Revenue whose duty
            ‘tis to receive taxes from the public. Cf. inspec-
            tor of taxes. |

            collier (1) IND. a coal-miner. (2) SHIPG. a ship
            for carrying coal. |

            colliery IND. a coal-mine. Syn. pit.

            collision INSCE. the violent striking together of
            one vehicle, ship or aircraft with another or
            with some other object: The van was in collision
            with a lorry. The two ships are on a collision
            course, and will run into each other if one or
            the other does not change course. See marine
            accident under accident; negligent collision.
            Collision clause, a special set of conditions put
            into a marine insurance policy covering the
            owner of a ship against risk of liability to the
            owner of another ship which may be in colli-
            sion with his. Syn. running-down clause. Abbr.
            coll.; colln.

            collog. colloquial.

            colloquial in common use in the informal con-
            versation of ordinary people. Abbr. colloq.

            colir. collector.

            collusive tendering CoM. & IND. the practice of
            several firms coming to a secret understanding
            when sending in tenders to do work or to
            supply goods, so that the party calling for
            the tenders is misled into thinking that the
            tenderers are in honest competition. Syn.
            dummy tendering; level tendering. See also
            common price under price.

            Colo., Col. Colorado, U.S.A.

            Colombo Plan EcoNn. an organization first sug-
            gested at a meeting of Commonwealth foreign
            ministers at Colombo, Sri Lanka (Ceylon), in
            1950 and put into effect in 1951 for the purpose
            of providing technical and financial help to the
            less-developed countries of south and south-
            east Asia, esp. in planning the work of govern-
            ments in developing health services, training
            in agriculture and technology, and scientific
            research. Money is provided mainly by the
            International Bank for Reconstruction and
            Development. The members include Afghanis-
            tan, Australia, Bangladesh, Bhutan, Burma,
            Canada, Fiji, India, Indonesia, Iran, Japan,
            Kampuchea, Laos, Malaysia, Maldives,
            Nepal, New Zealand, Pakistan, Papua New
            Guinea, Philippines, Singapore, South Korea,
            Sri Lanka, Thailand, the United Kingdom,
            U.S.A. and South Vietnam.

            colonialism ECON. the view that trade between
            the advanced and the less-developed countries
            is always to the advantage of the advanced
            countries. Cf. neo-colonialism.

            colophon com. the special mark or sign of a
            publisher, printer or author (writer) of a book.

            colourable (1) com. (of a copy) good enough to
            deceive: A colourable imitation, something that

            's not really what it appears and is claimed to

            be. (2) Law in U.S.A.. tending to support


            ic ie « \eeeee
            COMECON .- 119

            a statement of fact: A colourable title, one
            supported by facts or events which make it
            likely to be true. Syn. (U.S.A.) colorable.

            colours SHIPG. the flag flown by a ship to show
            the country in which it is registered: A ship
            sailing under Panamanian colours, flying the flag
            of Panama. :

            Columbia see District of Columbia.

            column accts. (1) figures set one under another
            so that they may be easily added up. (2) a space
            enclosed by upright lines within which figures
            may be written one under another. See analysis
            column under analysis; folio column under
            folio. (3) ADVTG. the upright rows of printed
            matter running from top to bottom of a page
            in a newspaper or magazine. Abbr. col.
            column-inch the unit used in measuring space
            in a newspaper, on which advertisement rates
            are usu. based. Cf. lineage. ,

            columnar account books AccTs. when it 1s
            desired to analyse the sales, expenses, etc.
            between various classes of goods or between
            departments or areas or in any other way, the
            day book is provided with extra columns called
            analysis columns. See under analysis. we

            com. commercial; commission; communication.

            combative advertising see under advertising
            (persuasive).

            combination (1) IND. REL. & ECON. HIST. a
            name given in the eighteenth and nineteenth
            centuries to an association of workmen at a
            time when such associations were against the
            law. The Combination Laws were brought to
            an end in 1824. See trade union. (2) ACCTS. see
            absorption. (3) IND. & STK. EXCH. the combining
            of two or more independent companies or
            groups of companies to make one single
            organization under a common control. Syn.
            amalgamation; absorption; consolidation:
            integration; merger; rationalization.
            horizontal combination see horizontal inte-
            gration under integration.
            vertical combination see vertical integration
            under integration. |

            combine IND. v. to join together. Pron. combine.
            n. a combination. Pron. combine.

            combined certificate of value and Origin
            see Customs invoice under invoice.

            combined policy see under insurance policy.

            combined transport bill of lading see con-
            tainer bill of lading under bill of lading.

            COMECON Council for Mutual Economic
            Assistance. An organization set up in 1949 by
            six communist countries of Eastern Europe led
            by the U.S.S.R., to help forward the economic
            development of the member countries. Its main
            office is in Moscow. The organization aims
            to improve mutual trade and investment, to
            provide technical assistance, and to bring
            about a greater degree of industrial integration
            and specialization among its members. With



                evince -p 130 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &



            120 - COMEX

            its help, the International Bank for Economic
            Co-operation was formed in 1963 to provide
            investment finance and a means of settling
            trade payments between members. These now
            include: Albania (now an inactive member),
            Buigaria, Czechoslovakia, Cuba, East Ger-
            many, Hungary, Mongolia, the U.S.S.R., and
            Vietnam. Yugoslavia joins in some activities.
            Also, co-operation agreements exist with Fin-
            land, Iraq, Mexico and Nicaragua. Abbr.
            C.M.E.A.; C.E.M.A.

            COMEX comMobD. EXCH. the (New York) Com-
            modities Exchange, an important commodity
            exchange esp. for metals and financial instru-
            ments and dealing also in futures.

            comfortably off see well off.

            comfort letter BKG. & FIN. a letter to a bank
            or other lender of money in which the writer
            supports a person who wishes to borrow
            money, and recommends that a loan be given
            to him. Also, letter of comfort.

            comm. commerce.

            command CoM. & FIN. to be able to obtain:
            He can command a high salary. This product
            commands a high price.

            command economy ECON. the type of econ-
            omy now existing in certain socialist countries
            such as Communist China and the U.S.S.R., in
            which all planning and direction of economic
            activity is done by a central body and not left
            to private enterprise and the price system. It
            has proved to be an effective economic system
            in some less-developed countries. Syn. con-
            trolled economy; centrally planned economy;
            statism.

            commanditaire see commandite partnership
            under partnership.

            commence to begin; to start: To commence
            business/trading/loading/operations/ proceedings.
            Opp. to cease; to end; to terminate.
            certificate to commence business see separate
            entry.

            commencement com. of a commercial letter,
            the opening words, called the salutation or
            greeting, such as Sir(s) or Dear Sir(s), or, in
            U.S.A., Gentlemen.

            commerce (1) COM. & ECON. in its wide sense,
            the exchange of goods and services for money
            or for other goods and services by way of trade,
            and all the various business operations, such
            as banking, insurance, transport and communi-
            cations, that make such exchange possible. In
            the narrow sense, commerce means trading
            between buyers and sellers in different coun-
            tries, i.e. foreign or overseas trade.
            passive commerce goods being imported and
            exported by a country in ships that are owned
            by other countries.
            (2) a subject of study and research in many
            universities and commercial colleges. It
            includes courses in economics, business, com-

            ; , , ‘al
            a. ee I :


            mercial law, management, etc. Many schools
            teach children commerce to prepare them for
            business life. Syn. business economics.
            commerce, chamber of see chamber of
            merce,
            commerce clause LAW in the U.S. Consti- |
            tution, Article 1, section 8, which Zives Con-
            gress power ‘to regulate Commerce with
            foreign nations and among the several States
            and with Indian tribes’. The courts have ruled
            that this clause gives Congress power to regu-
            late business, labour and agriculture wher
            these form part of interstate commerce, S¢¢
            interstate commerce.
            commercial adj. coM. concerned with the buy-
            ing and selling of goods and services by way
            of trade.
            n. (1) ADVTG. a short picture or sound pro-
            gramme on radio, television or in a cinema,
            advertising a product or service. (2) COM. (col-
            log.) a commercial traveller; a travelling rep-
            resentative or salesman. Syn. traveller. (3) Com.
            (collog.) a hotel providing food and lodging at
            low prices for commercial travellers rather than
            for tourists. (4) STK. EXCH. see commercials.
            Abbr. cml.
            commercial agency Com. a business organiza-
            tion which gives advice on the financial posi-
            tion of persons or companies, esp. on whether
            they can be trusted to pay. Syn. credit agency.
            commercial agent CoM. a person or organiza-
            tion, usu. appointed by a manufacturer under
            an agency agreement to sell the principal’s
            products in return for a commission on the
            value of the business he gets. Cf. commercial
            agency; commission agent. Abbr. C.A.
            commercial art ADVTG. a branch of the graphic
            arts which provides material for advertising,
            books, magazines and newspapers in the form
            of pictures and designs, including the presen-
            tation of matter set up in type. Syn. industrial
            art.
            commercial artist see artist.
            commercial attaché see under attaché.
            commercial banks see joint-stock banks.
            commercial bill see under bill of exchange.
            commercial cause LAW a case brought in a
            civil court concerning a business claim; a law-
            suit relating to commercial matters. See cause.
            commercial code see code.
            commercial college CoM. & MAN. a school for
            higher education which provides courses in
            business subjects.
            commercial correspondence com. the letters
            and other documents which are used in busi-
            ness and which make it possible for people at
            a distance from each other to make their ideas
            and wishes known. These papers also form the
            records of the agreements and dealings of the
            business.
            commercial counsellor com. an official work-

            Com- |


                evince -p 131 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            ing in an ae duty it is to advise
            on pane LAW in Britain, part of the
            ype Bench Division of the High Court in
            ae only commercial cases are tried, by a
            ingle judge either alone or with a special jury.
            < ial credit COM. & FIN. (1) any arrange-
            commercia .
            ment which provides for goods to be bought
            and sold without immediate payment. (2) the
            length of time agreed or allowed between the
            date of charging the goods and the date the
            payment becomes due, called the credit period.
            Syn. mercantile credit. (3) BKG. an exporter’s
            bill of exchange, see acceptance credit under
            acceptance (5).
            commercial credit company CoM. & FIN. in
            Britain, one that makes loans to manufacturers
            and traders against the security of their book
            debts (accounts receivable). Syn. sales finance
            company. In U.S.A., a discount house.
            commercial education see commerce (2):
            commercial college.
            commercialese Com. (collog.) the strange lan-
            guage of business letters during the nineteenth
            and early twentieth centuries, now happily
            replaced by ordinary everyday English. It
            mainly consisted of formal meaningless
            expressions based on excessive politeness: Your
            esteemed favour to hand, we have received your
            letter. Syn. commercial jargon. See also date.
            commercial geography that part of geogra-
            phy which deals with the commodities and
            products of world trade, and their transport
            and distribution to the consumer markets. See
            also economic geography.
            commercial invoice see under invoice.
            commercial jargon see commercialese; jargon.
            commercial law LAw & com. the law of a
            country as applied to any kind of business
            activity. It includes among its many branches:
            the law of agency, banking and bankruptcy:
            company and partnership law; the law of con-
            tract, import and export, insurance, copyrights,
            designs, patents and trade-marks, and the sale
            of goods. Syn. mercantile law: law merchant. (
            commercial letter of credit see under letter
            of credit.
            commercial manager see under manager.
            commercial monopoly see under monopoly.
            commercial paper coM., BKG. & FIN. (1) vari-
            ous kinds of short-term negotiable borrowing ¢
            instruments used by companies in making pay-
            ments, such as bills of exchange (esp. trade
            acceptances) and promissory notes. (2) in Bri-
            tain, promissory notes payable in 15 to 45 days ¢
            eee M4 well-known companies and sold to
            catae Ic + the money market. In U.S.A.,
            sei tied aie called prime commercial
            months sold th . 5 weieeea kate
            eas bie ‘ Aiea brokers in the commer-
            et. Syn. short-term money-

            commissary - 121

            market instruments.
            tax-exempt commercial paper in U.S.A., short-
            term borrowings of from 1 to 9 months by
            municipalities (governing bodies of cities), the
            income from such investments not being sub-
            ject to federal income-tax.
            (3) BKG. sums advanced as loans by banks to
            finance the buying of goods. Cf. commodity
            paper; financial paper. Syn. mercantile paper.
            commercial precinct com. in U.S.A., a priva-
            tely-owned area of shops, often enclosed and
            air-conditioned, where the public may do their
            shopping in comfort and safety. —
            commercial radio and television CoM. &
            ADVTG. broadcast programmes paid for by
            advertisers who are charged according to the
            length of time that their advertisement lasts
            and the time of day when it is broadcast. Syn.
            independent radio/television. :
            commercials sTK. EXCH. shares of commercial
            companies esp. those making or selling con-
            sumer goods, as distinguished from industrials.
            commercial sale rooms COM. rooms, usu. 1n
            a hotel, which can be hired by commercial
            travellers for showing examples of their goods
            to retailers. Syn. stock-rooms; salesroom(s).
            commercial services Com. the services of per-
            sons concerned with buying and selling goods
            and commodities, and with business operations
            such as banking, insurance, transport and com-
            munications.

            commercial set COM. & BKG. a set of four
            essential shipping documents needed when
            sending goods abroad: bill of exchange, bill of
            lading, certificate of insurance, and invoice.
            The exporter usu. sends the buyer at least two
            separate sets of shipping documents, posted on
            different days.

            commercial traveller com. (1) in Britain, a
            person employed by a manufacturer or whole-
            sale dealer to travel to different places to obtain
            orders from retailers, now usu. called a sales
            representative. Syn. representative. (2) (U.S.A.)
            traveling salesman. |

            sommercial treaty CoM. & FIN. an agreement
            Signed by two or more countries recording
            special arrangements for trade between them,
            including the making of payments, the fixing
            of import or export duties, etc. Syn. trade
            agreement.

            -ommercial vehicles TRANSPT. trucks, lorries,
            vans, etc. used for purposes of trade, as dis-
            tinguished from private and public-service
            vehicles.

            -ommissariat Com. the supply of food, clothes
            and other consumables, esp. to an army. Also
            the government department that organizes this
            supply.

            commissary (U.S.A.) Com. a special shop run
            by the government, where government
            employees such as diplomats and soldiers may i



                evince -p 132 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            122 - commission

            buy food, drink, clothing and other goods at
            lled prices.
            conuoiaaion (1) Law an official document eal
            ing a person or group of persons some aeéri
            power or authority such as 1S given to o dt
            of the armed forces and of the police, and to
            a Justice of the Peace. (2) a group of persons
            of high rank and with special knowledge who
            are appointed by the State to serve the public
            in some special way, either as a permanent
            body of officials such as the Civil Service Com-
            mission, or the Monopolies and Mergers Com-
            mission, or temporarily to examine and report
            on some social problem, such as the Royal
            Commission on Taxation, or on Population, or
            on the Press. See commissioners. (3) a method
            of paying to employees such as sales representa-
            tives, shop assistants and others, some extra
            money, called a sales commission, over and
            above their normal wage or salary to encourage
            them to sell as much as possible. (4) COM. & ¢
            INSCE. payment to agents and others for their c¢
            services, usu. in buying and selling goods, and
            calculated as an agreed percentage of the
            amount of business done or introduced.
            banker’s commission BKG. a charge made bya_ ¢
            bank for certain services, esp. a charge made
            for keeping acurrent account when the average
            balance in the account is small and the amount
            of work done by the bank is large. The com-
            mission may be a percentage of the total value
            of cheques debited to the account, or be based
            on the number of cheques drawn and cheques
            paid in. A charge, often called commission, is  C
            also made for each payment of standing orders,
            credit transfers, etc.
            buying commission COM. payment made at an
            agreed rate to an agent, esp. to a commission
            agent, based on the total value of the goods he
            buys for his principal. Syn. buyer’s com-
            mission. Cf. selling commission. c
            insurance commission INSCE. the payment made ¢
            by insurers to insurance agents and brokers for
            their services in selling insurance. It is usu.
            expressed as a percentage of either the pre-
            mium income or the sum assured. Syn. broker-
            age.
            overriding commission (a) CoM. a very special
            commission, one that is more important than,
            and over and above, all other commissions or e
            discounts. Such a commission is usu. allowed
            by a manufacturer or exporter to an agent to ci
            cover his extra overhead expenses in selling
            the product in his market. (6) sTK. EXCH. ac
            special commission charged by brokers who
            arrange for a new issue of shares to be under-
            written.
            ee on COM. the payment made at
            selling agent, based oa eres sales or a
            pig i ae penne on the total value of the
            or his principal.

            commission agent CoM. (1) in foreign trade,
            an agent who, in return for an agreed rate of
            commission, buys or sells goods in one count
            according to the directions of a principa] who
            is in another country. Abbr. C.A. (2) a book-
            maker.
            export commission agent a buying or purchasin
            agent acting for an overseas importer. The
            agent buys and exports goods according to the
            principal’s orders, called indents. Syn. cop-
            firming house; commission merchant; com-
            mercial agent.
            import commission agent a firm with specia|
            knowledge of the home market, often having
            its own warehouses and sales organization, who
            acts for foreign manufacturers, arranges for
            goods to be consigned to it, sells the goods in
            the home market and sends the money so
            obtained to the principal after keeping back
            its own commission and other agreed charges.
            <ommission broker see under broker.
            ‘commissioner for oaths LAW a solicitor
            officially appointed by the government to wit-
            ness the swearing on oath, or the affirmation,
            of legal documents such as affidavits.
            >ommissioner, Parliamentary see Parlia-
            mentary Commissioner for Administration.
            sommissioners of Customs and Excise
            LAW & TAXN. in Britain, a body of officials
            appointed by the State and given the duty
            mainly of collecting customs duties, excise
            duties, and value added tax. Cf. Com-
            missioners of Inland Revenue.
            ,ommissioners of Inland Revenue Law «&
            TAXN. in Britain, a body of officials appointed
            by the State and given the duty mainly of
            collecting income tax, capital gains tax, capital
            transfer tax, and stamp duties. Cf. Com-
            missioners of Customs and Excise. Syn. tax
            commissioners.
            ommissioner, trade see trade commissioner.
            ommission merchant com. (1) a merchant
            or middleman who never holds any goods in
            Stock, buys on credit at a discount or for a
            commission only enough goods to supply his
            customers’ immediate orders, and sells usu.
            only to wholesalers by showing samples and by
            using his powers of persuasion. Syn. com-
            mission salesman. (2) a commission agent.
            oOmmission on current accounts see bank
            charges.

            ommission salesman see commission mer-
            chant.

            ommit to promise; to bind (oneself) to do
            something: I have committed myself to lending
            him money. The company is committed to paying
            a staff bonus. You are fully committed, you are
            forced to do what you agreed to do.
            ommitment a promise; something to which
            one has committed oneself, which one is bound
            to do; a payment which one is bound to make:


            |



                evince -p 133 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            —-_-—‘ ee

            ue have heavy commitments next month, we
            hall have much expense to meet. This is a firm
            -ommitment, a promise which we are bound ”
            Keep. Without commitment on my par t, —
            aking a firm promise. He ts unable to meet his
            -nmmitments, unable to pay his debts. |
            committee on Public Accounts PUB. FIN. in
            Britain, a group of members of the House of
            Commons appointed to examine the report of
            ‘he Comptroller and Auditor-General on the
            spending of money by government depart-
            ments, in order to make sure that the sums
            voted by Parliament have been properly used.
            See Audit Office.

            Committee of Ways and Means see under
            ways and means.

            Commodities Exchange in New York
            (COMEX) COMMOD. EXCH. an important com-
            modity market in U.S.A. See also Chicago
            Board of Trade.

            commodities fund see under mutual funds.

            commodity (1) ECON. economic goods are useful
            and scarce things wanted by buyers, and are
            divided by economists into two classes: com-
            modities and services. Thus a commodity is
            any useful but scarce article or substance, but
            the name is given esp. to a basic foodstuff or
            material such as wheat or raw cotton that needs
            a manufacturing process before it is ready for
            the consumer. (2) ECON. THEORY goods which
            are perfect substitutes for each other. (3) COM.
            & COMMOD. EXCH. in general, raw material that
            is widely traded or for which there is a special
            market. See commodity exchanges. (4) IND. a
            group of different products made of the same
            materials or by the same processes.

            commodity broker see under broker.

            commodity exchanges COMMOD. EXCH. cen-

            tres in commodity markets where, except for
            auction sales, all dealings are either in actuals

            or in futures. A trader in actuals may deal

            in spot (immediate) delivery or in forward
            supplies (delivery some time ahead). A trader

            in futures contracts to buy or sell a standardized

            class of commodity at a stated price at some

            fixed time in the future; the main purpose is

            to hedge (reduce) his risk of price changes. To

            do this he will sell futures when he buys actuals,

            and buy futures when he sells his stock. His

            gain or loss on his actuals dealings will roughly
            balance his gain or loss on his futures dealings.

            In Britain, the London Commodity Exchange

            in the City is the centre of dealings, inc. futures,

            in cocoa, coffee, rubber, soya beans, vegetable

            oil and wool. Nearby are specialist exchanges

            tor corn, coal, fruit, furs, metals, rubber, tea

            and wool. There are commodity exchanges also

            in Liverpool (dealing mainly in cotton) and
            Manchester, In U.S.A., the most important
            pe exchanges are the Chicago Board
            of Trade and the Chicago Mercantile Exch-

            Ed
            common - 123

            ange, both dealing in many varied commod)-
            ties. Other U.S. exchanges are: in New York,
            the Commodity Exchange Inc. (mainly metals
            and financial instruments), the New York Cot-
            ton Exchange and Petroleum and Citrus
            Associates (cotton, wool, fuels and citrus), the
            New York Futures Exchange (financial instru-
            ments), the New York Mercantile Exchange
            (food products, fuel, metals and currencies).
            Elsewhere: the Kansas City Board of Trade
            (food grains); the Minneapolis Grain Exch-
            ange (food grains and meat); the New Orleans
            Commodity Exchange (cotton and food
            grains); the Mid-America Commodity Exch-
            ange, in Chicago (food grains, meat, gold,
            silver and financial instruments). See also Com-
            modities Futures Trading Commission
            (CACTHHC.). oe

            Commodity Futures Trading Commission
            (C.F.T.C.) COMMOD. EXCH. in US.A., a
            government body set up in Washington in 1975
            that controls trading in community options and
            futures and all activities of commodities and
            futures exchanges and markets. |

            commodity market COMMOD. EXCH. one In
            which commodities are bought and sold, esp.
            food and raw materials forming part of inter-
            national trade, such as wheat and wool. The
            main markets are grouped in large cities, Lon-
            don and New York being the largest centres.
            Buying and selling is by brokers representing
            users and producers. Goods are usu. classified
            according to agreed standards of quality and
            variety so that dealing can take place without
            the commodity being seen. Some commodities
            are sold in public auction, but most are exchan-
            ged as actuals or futures. See commodity ex-
            changes; produce exchange.

            commodity money ECON. HIST. in former times
            many commodities such as cattle or shells or
            grain have been used as money. These were
            gradually replaced by precious metals, esp. gold
            and silver in the form of bars and coins. Later
            even these forms of commodity money were
            replaced by token money and notes. See
            cowrie; commodity standard under standard.

            commodity paper coM. & BKG. in U.S.A..
            negotiable instruments such as bills of ex-
            change, promissory notes, drafts, etc. held as
            security for loans made to finance imports,
            esp. of commodities. Cf. commercial paper;
            financial paper.

            commodity standard see under standard.

            common Law in Britain, an area of land which
            belongs to the public. All members of the
            public have the right to use common land for
            air and exercise as long as they obey certain
            rules which the government has power to
            make. In some areas the public has the right
            also to cut wood, to fish in streams and to put


                evince -p 134 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            124 - common adventure

            animals to feed on the grass. Syn. common
            land.

            common adventure MAR. INSCE. any group of
            things which are open to the same risks, such
            as a ship, its cargo and the freight earned in
            carrying it. |

            Common Agricultural Policy AGR. & COM.
            the system set up by the European Economic
            Community, partly to introduce and support
            free trade within the Community, and partly
            to protect the incomes of farmers producing
            foodstuffs in the member countries. Protection
            is given by fixing from time to time for each
            commodity a set of prices, esp. a target or
            desired price usu. above the market price,
            and by applying variable import levies and
            subsidies. The aim is to keep home prices at
            or near the target price. If E.E.C. production
            of a commodity is greater than consumption,
            the authorities will buy the surplus for storage
            or for export at a subsidized price. See target
            price, threshold price, support price, al/ under
            price. Abbr. C.A.P.

            commonality IND. & TRANSPT. advantages
            enjoyed together (in common) by a group of
            buyers who obtain from the same supplier all
            or most of the goods and services they need.

            common average MAR. INSCE. see particular
            average under average (4).

            common Carrier see under carrier.

            common customs tariff ECON. & TAXN. the
            customs duties charged by the members of the
            European Economic Community (E.E.C.) on
            imports from countries who are not members
            of the Community.

            common employment LAW & IND. a rule
            under common law, that an employer is not
            responsible to his employee for injury caused
            by the carelessness of a fellow employee, unless
            the employer failed in his duty to take care in
            choosing his employees and in arranging for
            their safety. However, this rule is not always
            applied by the courts nowadays, because it
            tends to favour the employer.

            common law Law that branch of the law of
            England that has developed from ancient cus-
            tom, 1.e. the rules of society, and from the
            decisions of judges. See case law. Cf. civil law:
            equity; statute law.

            Common Market see European Economic
            Community; Central American Common Mar-
            ket; Latin American Free Trade Association:
            Andean Pact; Association of South-East Asian
            Nations.

            common money bond see bond, n.

            fot Ownership see ownership in com-

            common pricing com. (1) an agreement (usu
            illegal) among competing business organiza-
            tions to sell at exactly the same prices, the aim
            being to avoid a price war when one competitor

            a

            lowers his prices and others have to do
            same. (2) an agreement (usu. illegal) by sey
            contractors to quote exactly the same
            when tendering for a large engineering
            tract. Syn. level tendering; collusive tende
            dummy tendering.

            common seal MAN. & LAW (1) a special] mark

            pressed or stamped into the paper of a forma]
            document issued by a limited company; it jg
            the official equivalent of a signature. Eye

            limited company must have such a seal bearin

            the name of the company, and it may be used
            only by authority of the board of directors, 4
            seal book must be kept to record details of alj
            documents on which the company’s common
            seal has been stamped. (2) the instrumen,
            which applies the seal to a document. Sy»,

            seal.

            sauieenebire see common stock/shares.

            common stock fund see under mutual fund.

            common stock/shares STK. EXCH. the words
            used in Canada and U.S.A. for ordinary, or
            ity, stock or shares.

            Gorarkonancaten Development Corpor-
            ation an official organization set up by the
            British Government to give financial and tech-
            nical help to the dependent territories of the
            Commonwealth so that they may develop their
            own skills and products. ,

            Commonwealth of Nations sometimes call-
            ed the British Commonwealth or more loosely
            the Commonwealth. A free association of the
            United Kingdom and most of the independent
            nations which were formerly part of the British
            Empire, with the Queen recognized by all as
            head of the Commonwealth. They are united
            for political, commercial and cultural reasons.

            Commonwealth preference see under prefer-
            ence.

            communal (1) public; owned in common by
            all: A communal kitchen. (2) belonging to a
            community; relating to groups of people hav-
            ing the same religion or occupation : Communal
            beliefs, beliefs shared by people belonging to
            the same community or religion.

            communal agricultural organization see co-
            operative farm.

            Commune AGR. & IND. a very large collective
            farm or a workshop, usu. in a town, as first
            organized in China in 1958 and later in other,
            mainly socialist, countries.

            communicate (1) to pass to another person
            hews, information, a request, etc. : To communi-
            cate by cable/letter| telephone/telex, etc. (2) to be

            connected to or with: Communicating rooms in

            a hotel. Offices which communicate.

            communication com. the act of communicat-

            ing: To be in communication with someone, to be
            in touch, speaking or writing to one another.
            Something which passes messages or infor

            the |
            Cras
            Price |

            Con- |
            r ing

            mation, such as a letter: We have received your


                evince -p 135 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            ——

            communication of yesterday, your letter...
            communications p/. ways of moving goods, of
            travelling, and of sending messages, etc.
            between places. fa

            communism an advanced socialist system and
            a form of government in which all economic
            power is in the hands of a classless society of
            workers, and all main means of production and
            distribution are publicly owned and used for
            the good of all. The ideas of modern commu-
            nism came mainly from Karl Marx and Fried-
            rich Engels in the nineteenth century. The two
            most important communist countries are the
            U.S.S.R. and Communist China. The aim of
            communism 1s, in the end, the total abolition
            of the State. See command economy; Karl
            Marx. Cf. bolshevism.

            Communist one who believes communism to be
            the best form of political, social and economic
            organization.

            community (1) a group of people living in one
            place or having common interests: A rural/
            urban|village/farming/fishing/community. (2) an
            organization of countries for the purpose of
            developing or controlling a common activity:
            The European Coal and Steel Community; the
            European Economic Community.

            community investment investment in goods
            and services needed for the good of the com-
            munity (schools, hospitals, etc.) and not for
            financial gain.

            Community preference see under preference.

            commutation (1) INSCE. the right of holders of
            certain life assurance policies to receive at
            retirement a tax-free lump sum instead of the
            whole or part of an annual pension. (2) FIN.
            the right generally to receive cash immediately
            by giving up a right to receive annual payments
            in the future.

            commuter TRANSPT. (colloq.) a person who regu-
            larly travels some distance by public transport
            between his home in one place and his place
            of work in another. Syn. a season-ticket holder.
            commuter-belt the outlying parts round a city,
            where commuters live. Syn. commuterland.

            companies, group Of see group of companies.

            Companies Registry the office, formerly in
            London but now in Cardiff, of the Registrar of
            Companies, a government official responsible
            for keeping the register (official list) of compan-
            ies and for recording detailed information
            about them, such as their accounts, their direc-
            tors and any charges and mortgages on their
            assets. Syn. Companies House.

            company (1) a formal association of persons for
            business purposes, esp. a corporation or group
            of persons legally incorporated under company
            law. Syn. (U.S.A.) corporation. (2) in U.S.A.,
            a general word for any business, whether it is

            a sole proprietorship, or a partnership or a
            corporation.

            company - 125

            affiliate, affiliated company see affiliate or
            affiliated company.
            associated company see separate entry.
            banking company in Britain, a company carry-
            ing on the business of banking, to which certain
            sections of the Companies Acts relate which
            do not apply to other kinds of company.
            blue-chip company see blue chip.
            bogus company see under bogus.
            chartered company a joint-stock company
            incorporated by charter. See charter, n. (1).
            close company a company of which the share-
            capital is held or controlled by five or fewer
            persons, or by persons who are all directors of
            the company. A close company must either pay
            out a large part of its profit as dividend or be
            classed for tax purposes as a private person.
            Syn. closely-controlled company, (U.S.A.)
            close corporation.
            commercial company a limited company of
            which the main activity is commerce, i.e. buy-
            ing and selling. Syn. trading company.
            commercial credit company see separate entry.
            controlling company see holding company
            below.
            daughter company a company which is a sub-
            sidiary company of a parent or holding com-
            pany. Cf. sister company.
            defunct company one which is no longer carry-
            ing on business and has been struck off the
            register of companies. See dead book.
            finance company see finance house.
            foreign company see separate entry.
            hire-purchase company see finance house.
            holding company in Britain, a company that
            has been formed for the special purpose of
            holding the whole, or more than half, the share-
            capital of one or more other companies called
            subsidiary companies. In U.S.A. this is called a
            pure holding company, while an operating holding
            company is a company which operates a busi-
            ness, 1.e. trading, and also holds more than half
            the capital of one or more other companies. Cf.
            controlling company; parent company; shell
            company.
            industrial company one that makes and sells a
            product, as compared with one that deals in
            securities and performs other financial ser-
            VICES.
            investment (trust) company a limited company
            that uses its capital to buy securities as invest-
            ments, hoping to make a profit from dividends
            and interest received and from capital gains
            on sales of securities. Such companies are often
            called investment trusts, although they are
            seldom real trusts. See also Small Business
            anes (S.B.A.). Syn. (U.S.A.) mutual
            und.
            joint-stock company (a) in Britain, a form of
            business organization called a corporation,

            which has its capital divided into many small ra



                evince -p 136 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            126 - company

            :

            units of stock or into shares of low face value
            so that they may be bought by small and large
            investors. (The expression often has the same
            meaning as limited company.) Joint-stock com-
            panies are set up by (i) royal charter (see
            chartered company under charter, n. (1)); oF
            (ii) Act of Parliament (see statutory company
            below, e.g. the early railway and canal compan-
            ies); or (iii) by registration under the Compan-
            ies Acts. (6) in U.S.A., a business organization
            having its capital divided into small units of
            stock, but the liability of its members is unlimi-
            ted, as in a partnership.
            limited liability company a joint-stock company,
            the financial liability of whose members is
            limited by law. If the company is /imited by
            shares, the liability of each member is limited
            to the amount unpaid on his shares, and he
            may have to lose the cost of his shares, but no
            more, if the company goes into liquidation
            because of its debts. If the company is limited
            by guarantee, the liability of each member is
            limited to the amount he has personally guaran-
            teed (promised) to pay if necessary in the event
            of liquidation. See private limited company
            below; public limited company below. Cf.
            unlimited company below.
            livery company in the City of London one of a
            number of chartered companies, mostly very
            ancient (being descended from the craft guilds
            of the Middle Ages), whose members have the
            right to wear livery (special highly-decorated
            clothing). Although they are not trading com-
            panies, they are very rich and use their wealth
            in supporting schools and other activities for
            the public good.
            management company a company that manages
            one or more unit trusts.
            marine insurance company a special kind of
            limited company which carries on business
            as an underwriter of marine insurance, the
            liability of which is limited to the value of its
            declared assets and not by shares.
            mutual company one that has members, but no
            share capital, the profits, after allowing for
            reserves, being divided between the members
            according to the amount of business each has
            done with the company in a given period.
            Mutual insurance companies, and mutual
            savings banks are examples of such companies.
            See also non-stock corporation under corpo-
            ration.
            no-liability company (Australia) certain mining
            companies that may, by law, allow their share-
            holders to choose whether to pay calls upon
            their shares or to forfeit them. See forfeited
            share under share.
            nominee company see separate entry.
            one-man company see separate entry.
            Overseas company one ji :
            Great Britain but hav; ern outside
            aving a place of business

            a

            within Great Britain. Syn. foreign company.
            paper company one which does not produce
            any goods or services but only invests in other
            companies. e
            parent company see subsidiary company below:
            group of companies. A

            private limited company a limited company
            which must not invite the public to subscribe
            for its shares or debentures, and does not allow
            its members to transfer their shares without
            the agreement of the other shareholders. [t
            must have at least two but usu. not more than
            fifty members. Cf. public limited company.
            In India and some other countries the word
            ‘Private’ must by law form part of its name,
            usu. abbreviated to Pte., thus Desai & Co. Pte.
            Ltd.

            property company see separate entry.
            proprietary company (a) a holding company. (6)
            a company that owns land suitable for mining.
            (c) in Australia and South Africa, a private
            limited company; the word ‘Proprietary’ must
            by law form part of the name, usu. abbreviated
            to Pty. ap

            public limited company 2 limited company
            which can offer its shares and debentures to
            the public; there is normally no limit to the
            right of its members to transfer their shares to
            other persons. There is no limit to the total
            number of members except that there must be
            at least seven. Abbr. P.l.c.; plc; PLC. In Britain
            such a company must include the words “public
            limited company’ or the abbreviation as part
            of its name. In France the equivalent is Société
            anonyme, Abbr. S.A.; in W. Germany, Aktien-
            gesellschaft, Abbr. A.-G.; in Holland, Naam-
            loze Vennootschap, Abbr. N.V.; in Italy,
            Societa per Azioni, Abbr. S.p.A.

            public utility company a limited company which
            enjoys a monopoly for supplying essential ser-
            vices to the public, such as gas, electricity,
            water, transport and many others. It is under
            government control in fixing prices and in
            obtaining money for expansion and develop-
            ment, and is sometimes partly or wholly owned
            by the government. See also Statutory company
            below.

            related company see affiliate or affiliated com-
            pany.
            sales finance company see commercial credit
            company.
            shelf company one formed not for normal trad-

            ing but for some special purpose such as to
            guard and hold a name or to hide some illegal
            business.

            shell company a company taken over by another
            for the purpose of selling its assets, usu. in
            order to obtain some special advantage when
            asking for stock exchange listing; but many
            exchanges forbid this practice.

            sister Company one of two or more subsidiary


                evince -p 137 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            companies in the same group, OF under the
            same holding company. Cf. daughter company.
            small business investment-company see Small
            Business Administration. Addr. S.B.1.C.
            statutory company a public utility company
            incorporated by Special Act of Parliament.
            subsidiary company a company of which more
            than half the share-capital is owned by another
            company, called either a holding company or
            a parent company. The subsidiaries of the same
            parent or holding company are said to be
            affiliates. Cf. associated company,
            sub-subsidiary company a company that is a
            subsidiary of a subsidiary of a holding com-
            pany.
            trading company (a) a limited company which
            is actively trading, i.e. buying and selling prod-
            ucts and services for profit, unlike a non-trad-
            ing company such as a holding company. (5) a
            company of which the business is that of a
            trader, i.e. buying other producers’ products
            and selling them for profit, as distinguished
            from €.g. a manufacturing or mining company
            or a company offering services such as banking,
            insurance, etc. Syn. commercial company.
            trust company (a) in Britain, an investment
            trust company. (5) in U.S.A., a corporation
            which performs the services of a trustee for the
            property of persons who have died, or for
            property in trust for living persons, and also
            advises on investments, etc.
            unlimited company a company of which the
            liability of the members is unlimited, i.e. each
            member has to pay his full share of the debts
            of the company if it is brought to an end.

            Company, The (in India, Pakistan, etc.) the
            (British) East India Company, 1600-1873. Syn.
            John Company.

            company branch (telephone) exchange see
            telephone exchange. Abbr. C.B.X.

            company Car MAN. a car provided by a company
            for the use of an employee. It is now a standard
            part of the managerial reward system in many
            countries.

            company director MAN. a person who Is a
            member of the board of directors of a company.
            See under director.

            company doctor see under doctor.

            company formation LAW & STK. EXCH. the
            work of bringing into existence a new com-
            pany. In Britain the first step is to send a
            written application, along with the Memo-
            randum of Association, Articles of Associ-
            ation, Statutory Declaration and, in the case
            of a public company, certain other documents
            relating to the directors, to the Registrar of
            Companies. If everything is correct, the Regis-
            trar will issue the Certificate of Incorporation
            and a certificate to commence business, and the
            new company may start trading. See company
            Promoter; formation expenses.


            C
            Cc
            company secretary - 127

            ;oOMmpany inspector see inspector (5).

            sompany law LAw that branch of law mainly
            contained in the Companies Acts, which
            govern the forming, registration and operation
            of companies of all kinds.

            company limited by guarantee see limited
            liability company under company.

            company limited by shares see limited lia-
            bility company under company.

            ‘company meeting a meeting of the members
            (shareholders) of a company. The holding of
            these meetings is governed by law: every meet-
            ing must be properly convened (called) by
            giving due notice to everyone having a right
            to be present; it must be properly constituted
            (composed) with a quorum (minimum number)
            of members and a chairman. There are several
            kinds of company meeting. Syn. share-holders’
            meeting.
            annual general meeting see separate entry. —
            extraordinary general meeting an extra meeting
            called by the directors of a company to deal
            with matters which cannot be held over until
            the next annual general meeting. Abbr. E.G.M.
            ordinary general meeting see annual general
            meeting.
            statutory meeting in Britain, a company meet-
            ing that must by law be held not earlier than
            one month nor more than three months after a
            company commences business; at this meeting
            the members (shareholders) consider the statu-
            tory report on the forming of the company
            and discuss related matters such as the share-
            capital, cash position, etc.

            ompany officer LAW any official, such as a
            director, company secretary, manager, solicitor
            and auditor, who is concerned with the man-
            agement of a company’s affairs at its head or
            central office. The importance of distinguishing
            a company officer is that by law, esp. in a case
            of liquidation, the courts may examine the
            behaviour of the company officers and get
            back any money that they may have illegally
            obtained.

            ompany promoter STK. EXCH. a person who,
            alone or with others, organizes and helps in
            the forming of a new company. He prepares a
            formation scheme, gets a board of directors
            together, obtains the services of solicitors,
            accountants, bankers and stockbrokers, pays
            the expenses of drawing up and issuing a pros-
            pectus and generally makes himself responsible
            for starting the company. See also company
            formation; formation expenses.

            Ompany seal see common seal.

            ompany secretary MAN. in Britain, in a pub-
            lic company, a professionally-qualified person
            appointed by the board of directors to carry
            out the legal duties of the company such as
            keeping certain records, sending certain infor-
            mation to the Registrar of Companies, and



                evince -p 138 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            128 - company, ship's

            generally to manage the administration of the
            company. In a private company the person
            appointed must be ‘suitable’ but need not have
            professional qualifications. All limited com-
            panies must appoint a company secretary.
            company, ship’s see ship’s company. ei.

            company’s risk see carrier's risk. Abbr. C.R.

            company union IND. REL. an association of
            workers in a factory or other industrial or
            commercial concern, often encouraged by
            employers and having no connection with the
            trade union movement. Syn. house union.

            comparative advantage see Comparative
            Cost Principle.

            Comparative Cost Principle ECON. a basic
            idea in the Theory of International Trade, that
            the highest world production of all kinds of
            goods and services will be reached if each
            country or region puts most of its effort into
            producing the things for which it has a com-
            parative advantage over the other countries,
            i.e. the things which it is best fitted to produce.
            See bilateralism; multilateralism. Syn. Law of
            Comparative Cost(s); comparative advantage.

            Comparative Cost(s), Law of see Compara-
            tive Cost Principle.

            compartment TOUR. & TRANSPT. a separate di-
            vision or small room in a larger structure, such
            as in a railway carriage: A seat in a first-/
            second-class compartment on the morning train
            to Glasgow. A smoking/non-smoking compart-
            ment. A reserved compartment.

            compassionate leave see under leave.

            compatible comp. of pieces of hardware, those
            which use the same codes, operating systems,
            etc., and which can therefore run the same
            programs with no change. This machine is IBM
            compatible.

            compensating balance see under balance.

            compensating error ACCTS. a mistake in book-
            keeping which tends to remain hidden because
            it is exactly balanced by another mistake on
            the other side of the trial balance, e.g. if interest
            receivable account was added up £100 too
            much and bank charges account was also added
            up £100 too much. See also reversal of entries.

            compensation a payment to make good a loss:
            He received £10,000 in compensation for the loss
            of an eye. Compensation is paid to a land-owner
            if his property is taken by the government. Syn.
            consideration; quid pro quo.
            workmen’s compensation a payment which an
            employer is bound by law to make to an
            employee or his family for personal injury or
            death caused by an accident at work, and for
            injury to his health caused by an industrial
            disease. This liability is largely covered by the
            National Insurance (Industrial Injuries) Act.

            compensation fee see parcel post under post.
            Abbr. C.F.

            Compensation Fund STK. EXCH. a fund into


            which members of the Stock Exchange pay
            their share, and which is used to make pood
            losses suffered by investors when a member
            firm cannot pay its debts.
            compensation stocks sTK. EXCH. British
            Government guaranteed stocks, such as British
            electricity, gas and transport stocks, given to
            the shareholders as compensation when certajn
            industries were nationalized (brought under
            state ownership).
            compensatory finance see deficit financing
            compete CoM. to try to win or to obtain business
            for oneself against one’s rivals: Our product has
            to compete with theirs. We are competing for a
            larger share of the market. See also competition.
            competence (1) FIN. enough money income to
            live comfortably. (2) LAW legal power to do
            something, such as being of age (over 18 years
            in Britain), of sound mind (not mad) and legally
            free, e.g. to make a contract, a will, a marriage,
            etc. (3) LAW the legal power of a court of law
            to try a particular case. Syn. competency.
            competent adj. of a person, having the skill,
            knowledge and ability to do something: He
            is a competent manager/accountant/doctor, etc.
            Opp. incompetent.
            competition Com. rivalry between business
            concerns in the same market, usu. in selling at
            the lowest price or in giving better quality or
            generally offering better value for money. Opp.
            monopoly.
            atomistic competition see perfect competition
            below.
            cut-throat competition see separate entry.
            fair competition see healthy competition below.
            free competition ECON. an economy in which
            there is complete freedom from interference
            by the State, and in which prices are free to
            move according to the forces of supply and
            demand. Syn. free economy.
            healthy competition COM. competition that is
            clean, free of unfair practices. Syn. fair compe-
            tition. Opp. unfair competition.
            imperfect competition ECON. THEORY a state of
            competition in a market in which there is
            neither pure competition nor pure monopoly,
            i.e. buyers and sellers have an imperfect knowl-
            edge of the market, there is a lack of freedom
            of movement of factors of production from one
            industry to another, and there are limiting
            transport costs. Syn. monopolistic competition.
            Opp. perfect competition. See differentiation.
            monopolistic competition ECON. THEORY (a) a
            state of competition in a market in which there
            are only a few producers, who can force buyers
            to accept their prices. (6) that form of compe-
            tition where sellers can influence buyers by
            differences in the quality or appearance of the
            goods they produce. Syn. imperfect compe-
            tition. Opp. pure competition; perfect compe-
            tition.


                evince -p 139 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &



            non-price competition COM. a market situation
            where rival sellers are competing for trade not
            by price but by offering attractions such as
            better quality of product and packaging, free
            installation, servicing, etc.
            perfect competition ECON. THEORY a state of
            competition in which the price of a good is the
            same throughout the market because buyers
            and sellers have a perfect knowledge of market
            conditions, there is complete freedom of move-
            ment of factors of production from one industry
            to another, and there are no transport costs.
            Syn. pure competition; atomistic competition.
            Opp. monopolistic competition; imperfect
            competition.
            pure competition ECON. THEORY See perfect com-
            petition above. Syn. atomistic competition.
            Opp. monopolistic competition.
            unfair competition COM. competition that is
            dishonest, or not in accord with accepted busi-
            ness behaviour, such as giving secret discounts,
            making false claims about the quality of the
            product, or employing under-paid workers.
            competitive COM. comparing favourably in
            price and quality with other products of the
            same kind. Able to attract buyers away from
            rival products in the market: A competitive
            price, one which is lower than that of rivals, or
            which gives better value for money.
            competitive advantage IND. an aspect of a
            good or service provided by a company to
            its customers, that gives that company an
            advantage over its competitors. The phrase has
            become popular since the publication of an
            influential book on the subject by Professor
            Michael Porter of the Harvard Business School
            in 1985. He argues that the factors which
            principally determine competitive advantage
            are that it can be maintained and that it cannot
            be matched by the competitors. See also differ-
            entiation.
            competitive advertising see advertising.
            competitive balance IND. a situation in which
            the degree of competition in an industry is
            lessened because a balance exists and it is in
            the interests of none of the competitors to
            disturb it by e.g. beginning a price war.
            competitive demand see under demand.
            competitive examination one in which the
            candidates compete for a limited number of
            jobs. ,
            competitive market ECON. THEORY one in
            which: there is only one price for a given
            commodity at any one time; all buyers and
            sellers know the condition of the market; and
            the price of a given commodity is at a level
            which results in the sale of the whole quantity
            offered.
            competitive supply see under supply.
            competitor a rival in business.
            Competitor analysis com. & IND. the practice



            Compliance, Declaration of - 129

            of many producers and wholesalers of examin-
            ing very carefully the competing products in
            the market, comparing them with their own
            and finding out in what ways their own prod-
            ucts can be changed or improved so as to
            obtain a larger share of the market. This forms
            a branch of market research.

            compilation (1) the act of compiling. (2) a thing
            that has been compiled.

            compile to collect and arrange information,
            figures, ideas, opinions, etc. in a form fit for
            study or examination: To compile statistics/a
            dictionary/a report/a list.

            compiler Comp. a special long program that
            translates instructions given by a programmer
            in a simple language, e.g. BASIC, into the
            much more complicated machine language
            which the computer can recognize.

            complain com. to express dissatisfaction: He
            complains that we are charging him too much.
            We wish to complain about your service. They
            complain about the food in the canteen. Please
            stop complaining.

            complainant LAw see plaintiff.

            complaint (1) LAW a first statement of the facts
            on which a person bases his action in a civil
            court. (2) COM. an expression of dissatisfaction,
            esp. by a customer or consumer: / wish to
            make/lodge a complaint. You have cause for
            complaint. We get many complaints about our
            service. Your complaint is justified.
            complaints book/box a book or box in a res-
            taurant, hostel, hotel, etc. where written com-
            plaints to the management may be placed.

            complementary demand see under demand.

            complementary supply see under supply.

            completed audit see under audit.

            completely built up Com. & IND. of goods, esp.
            machines, completely put together when sold
            or imported, ready for immediate use. Cf com-
            pletely knocked down. Abbr. c.b.u.; C.B.U.

            completely knocked down CoM. & IND.
            goods, esp. machines, offered for sale or quoted
            c.k.d. and supplied in separate parts which the
            buyer must put together at his cost: Our ex-
            works price for the printing press is £10,000
            c.k.d., in parts not put together. Cf. completely
            built up. Abbr. c.k.d.; C.K.D.

            completion Law in the sale of property, the
            point where the contract is completed, the
            vendor (seller) having conveyed (handed over)
            the property, and the purchaser (buyer) having
            accepted it and paid the purchase price.
            completion statement an account drawn up by
            the seller’s solicitor showing the exact amount
            of money the seller claims from the buyer at
            completion of the contract, such as the pur-
            chase price, the deposit and the apportionment
            of rates, etc.

            Compliance, Declaration of see Declaration
            of Compliance.



                evince -p 140 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            130 - complimentary

            complimentary adj. (a) (of something) given
            free of charge to a customer OF client as part
            of the service provided by the supplier or to
            advertise a product or service: Airlines give
            complimentary drinks/ travel bags to their passen-
            gers, (b) expressing praise: The reviews of his
            book were all complimentary, (c) expressing
            friendliness: The complimentary close (of a let-
            ter), the usual ending of formal business letters
            such as Yours faithfully; but in less formal and
            more personal letters, Yours sincerely or Yours
            truly. Not the same as complementary. See also
            courtesy.
            complimentary close (of a letter), the usual
            ending of formal business letters such as Yours
            faithfully ; but in less formal and more personal
            letters, Yours sincerely or Yours truly.
            compliments p/. an expression of friendly
            greeting: With compliments. Please accept this
            book with our compliments, meaning that it is
            offered free of charge. The compliments of the
            season, greetings fit for the occasion, such as
            at Christmas and the New Year.
            compliments slip a printed slip of paper bearing
            the words With the compliments of followed
            by the name and address of the person or
            organization sending it. Such slips are enclosed
            with other material to show who has sent it,
            and are used only when there is no need to
            enclose a letter.
            composite demand see alternate demand.
            composite rate of tax TAXN. in Britain, a
            special rate of income tax that deposit-takers,
            e.g. banks and building societies, must deduct
            from interest paid to depositors unless the
            depositor is not normally resident in Britain or
            is a basic-rate taxpayer. The composite rate is
            a little lower than the basic rate but it cannot
            be claimed back by persons not liable to pay
            any tax (mainly retired persons, the unem-
            ployed and children whose income is less than
            their tax-free allowances). Abbr. C.R.T.
            composite supply see under supply.
            composition LAW an agreement between a debt-
            or and all his creditors about settling his debts
            by paying a smaller sum instead of the whole
            amount owed, 1.e. a reduced payment, called a
            composition or dividend, usu. expressed as so
            much in the pound: He has made a composition
            of 65p in the £1. Syn. compounding. See scheme
            of composition below; dividend (2).
            scheme of composition as a course taken to
            avoid being made bankrupt, a debtor may
            propose a plan, to be formally recorded in a
            registered deed, by which he pays only a part
            of the whole amount that he owes. The plan, or
            scheme, must be approved by the Bankruptcy
            Court and by creditors representing three-
            fourths of the total value of unpaid debts. Syn.
            scheme of arrangement.
            composition for stamp duty TAXN. & LAW a

            se


            sum of money paid to the tax authorities before
            they will stamp documents for duty.

            compositor IND. a skilled employee who set,
            up words in type, on film or other materia} in
            a printing works; a typesetter; a filmsetter.

            compound v. LAw to accept a composition: 7,
            compound with creditors. See composition.

            compound bonus see under bonus, insurance.

            compound entry AccTs. in book-keeping, 4
            journal entry which includes postings to severa|
            accounts.

            compounding see composition.

            compound interest FIN. interest upon interest:
            interest which is payable not only on the orig-
            inal capital sum but also on sums of interest as
            they accumulate. Thus £100 at 10% per annum
            compound would be worth £100 + £10 = £110
            after one year; £110 + £11 = £121 after two
            years; £121 + £12.10 = £133.10 after three
            years, and so on. Where interest is reinvested
            by being added to the capital sum more than
            once a year, the resulting rate is called the
            compound annual rate (abbr. c.a.r.); €.g., if
            interest at 12% per annum is added twice yearly
            and the full half-yearly interest remains
            invested, the compounded annual rate is
            12.05%. Cf. simple interest.

            compound tariff see under tariff.

            comprehensive policy see under insurance
            policy.

            compromise (1) LAW an agreement to settle a
            lawsuit out of court. (2) IND. REL. the settlement
            of a dispute by agreeing that each side gives
            way on some of its demands, with the result
            that neither side gets all it wants. To agree
            to/accept/suggest/put forward/arrrive at/reach/a
            compromise.

            comptometer a fast adding machine.

            comptroller FIN. & ACCTS. a title given to a
            controller, esp. of accounts and finance: The
            Comptroller and Auditor-General. Syn. control-
            ler.

            Comptroller and Auditor-General see
            National Audit Office.

            Comptroller General see General Accounting
            Office.

            Comptroller of the Currency pus. FIN. &
            BKG. in U.S.A. the high official responsible for
            making rules for the conduct of commercial
            banks and other financial institutions. He
            works closely with the Federal Reserve Board
            and the Securities and Exchange Commission.

            compulsory acquisition see compulsory pur-
            chase.

            compulsory purchase Law in Britain, the
            taking away of the ownership of property,
            without the present owner’s agreement, by a
            government organization under powers given
            by Parliament, e.g. to allow a whole street to
            be redeveloped. There are rules for payment


                evince -p 141 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            of compensation. Syn. compulsory acquisition.
            a uisition.
            - Sa purchase annuity see under
            annuity. :
            compulsory saving see under Saving.
            compulsory winding-up LAW & STK. EXCH.
            the forced ending of the existence of a company
            by order of the court. Cf. voluntary winding-
            up. See winding-up. } |
            compute to calculate; to determine by counting:
            We compute the cost at £1 million. To compute
            a bill, to calculate the date on which a bill of
            exchange will mature (become due for pay-
            ment).
            computer COMP. a very fast electronic calculat-
            ing machine that can make decisions by com-
            paring numbers, can store in its memory very
            large amounts of information in the form of
            numbers and letters, and can answer compli-
            cated questions in a few seconds. It can print
            information on paper, record it on magnetic
            tape or send it over long distances by telegraph,
            cable or radio. Because it can choose instantly
            between various paths, it can be used by indus-
            try to control machines (see automation). Com-
            puters are widely used by research scientists
            for calculations; by commercial concerns for
            such work as accounting, the preparation of
            pay-rolls, sales and stock records, stock ex-
            change and commodity-market prices; and by
            government offices for a variety of purposes.
            analogue computer the kind of computer mainly
            used for scientific calculations and based on
            the idea of making a mechanical or electrical
            likeness (an analogue) of the problem to be
            solved. Syn. (U.S.A.) analog computer.
            digital computer the kind of computer in most
            common use, which counts and calculates. It
            is Sonamed because it uses only digits (numbers
            1 to 9 and 0), usu. in the binary system, which
            are represented by a group of pulses (short
            increases in electric current).
            fifth-generation computer a class of computer
            expected to be widespread in the 1990s. Unlike
            all previous computers, fifth generation
            machines will be knowledge-based, solving
            problems through a form of reasoning made
            possible by relational data bases, and providing
            intelligent advice. Cf. fourth-generation com-
            puter. See also artificial intelligence.
            fourth-generation computer a class of computer
            produced in the 1970s and 1980s, characterized
            by people-oriented operating languages (‘fourth-
            generation languages’), huge processing power
            and large-scale integration. This technology,
            based upon arithmetic, now seems mature and
            will probably be replaced by computers based
            upon knowledge and a form of reasoning,
            Known as fifth-generation computers.
            home computer see microcomputer below.
            host computer the central or controlling com-


            computer language - 131

            puter in a distributed or remote processing
            system. See distributed processing; remote pro-
            cessing.
            hybrid computer one that is intended for a
            particular sort of work using both analogue
            and digital methods. Its analogue unit solves
            scientific problems quickly, while its digital
            unit does work that needs higher accuracy and
            larger memory.
            mainframe computer a large computer, usu.
            capable of time-sharing and a variety of on-
            line applications. ?
            microcomputer a small computer with a very
            small central processor called a microproces-
            sor. Abbr. micro. Syn. home computer. |
            minicomputer a computer smaller than a main-
            frame but larger than a microcomputer.
            nersonal computer a microcomputer made for
            use by only one person at an office desk or in
            the home, and light enough to be easily carried
            about. Abbr. P.C.
            supercomputer an extremely large and powerful
            computer capable of high-speed and complex
            operations. .
            computer-aided design see under design.
            Abbr. C.A.D.
            computer-aided manufacture see under
            manufacture. Abbr. C.A.M.; c.a.m.
            computer analyst see systems analyst.
            computer-assisted telephone interview-
            ing ADVTG. an increasingly popular method of
            market research where the consumer is inter-
            viewed by telephone rather than face to face,
            and the researcher keys the answer immedi-
            ately into a computer, thus making collation
            and analysis of the research much easier. Abbr.
            C.A.T.I.
            computer-assisted trading COMP. & STK.
            EXCH. the use of computers by brokers to deal
            quickly with buy and sell orders. Also com-
            puter-aided trading. Abbr. C.A.T.
            computer-based training MAN. training pro-
            grammes run on a computer, often in combi-
            nation with a video, in which the exercises are
            demonstrated on the screen and the answers
            have to be keyed in. The computer then calcu-
            lates the answer. This procedure allows mem-
            bers of the training programme to work at their
            own speed. Abbr. C.B.T.
            computer file see file, n. (3).
            computer integrated manufacture the
            making of goods by combining computer-aided
            design with computer-aided manufacture.
            Abbr. C.1.M.
            computerize CoM. & IND. to provide with com-
            puters: Computerized accounts systems have
            replaced manual accounting. To control by com-
            pales: All airline booking in Britain is computer-
            ized,

            computer language see machine language
            under language.


                evince -p 142 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &


            132 - Con.

            Con. Consols; Consul.
            con. contra.
            concealment (1) LAW the offence of hiding
            something, of not making something known
            that ought to be made known, such as the
            concealment of assets by a bankrupt. (2) INSCE.
            a failure of an insured person to make known
            facts that the insurers ought to be told about,
            so making the insurance have no effect.
            concentration of industry IND. the tendency
            for certain industries to gather together in
            certain areas or places, for one or more of
            the following reasons: nearness to supplies of
            energy, raw materials, labour (skilled and
            unskilled); markets; transport; weather. Syn.
            location of industry.
            concept an idea: The accrual concept, the
            thought that comes to one’s mind when one
            considers accrual.
            concept testing Com. a stage in the develop-
            ment of a new product when the consumer
            reaction looked for relates to the idea of the
            product rather than the brand, e.g. concept
            testing of cold water detergent or plastic win-
            dows.
            concern COM. & IND. a business; a commercial
            or industrial organization, usu. a limited com-
            pany. Syn. undertaking; enterprise.
            concert party STK. EXCH. a number of persons
            who agree secretly among themselves to buy
            shares separately in a particular company, with
            the intention of putting all their shares together
            later to form a single holding. This practice is
            deceitful and in some countries is against the
            law.
            concession COM. & IND. (1) a right given form-
            ally by a government to use an area of land
            for a stated purpose: A mineral/mining/oil/
            railway/canal concession. (2) the area of land so
            affected. (3) a right given by the manufacturer
            of a product to a business organization, called
            a concessionaire, to be the only sellers of that
            product in a particular area or country. (4)
            TAXN. an allowance given to certain taxpayers
            for a special reason, such as to encourage
            exports, increase employment and reduce over-
            crowding in certain places: A tax concession.
            concessionaire see concession (3).
            conciliation IND. REL. the settlement of indus-
            trial disputes by employers and trade unions
            being brought into willing agreement by the
            efforts of a third party called a conciliator. Cf.
            arbitration; mediation. See Advisory, Concili-
            ation and Arbitration Service.
            conclude (1) to arrange; to settle: To conclude
            an agreement/a bargain/contract/treaty/deal. (2)
            to bring or come to an end: The meeting con-
            cluded with a vote of thanks to the chairman. (3)
            to reach an opinion, a decision, a judgment,
            by the use of reasoning: After reading your


            report, [ conclude that you are in favour of the
            proposal.

            con. cr. contra credit.

            condition LAw in the law of contract, an essen.
            tial duty, failure to carry out which will allow
            the other party to treat the contract as endeq
            Cf. warranty. |
            condition precedent one which becomes effec.
            tive only on the happening of some future
            event, e.g. the rebuilding of a house if it j¢
            destroyed by fire.
            condition subsequent one which continues to be
            effective until some future event happens, such
            as the payment of a sum of money annually to
            a person until his death. Thus a condition
            subsequent will in fact bring the contract to an
            end.
            express condition one which 1s clearly expressed
            in the contract, as distinguished from an
            implied condition.
            implied condition one which is accepted as
            being effective and binding although it is not
            actually stated in the contract, e.g. that the
            seller has the right to sell the goods and that
            the goods are as described in the contract.

            conditional com. dependent on; containing
            some condition(s): A conditional offer, one
            which is not firm, being dependent, e.g. on the
            goods being still in stock when the offer is
            accepted, or on the buyer accepting it by a
            certain date. A conditional acceptance, where a
            buyer accepts an offer on condition that some
            demand of his is met, e.g. that he gets an extra
            discount, or that delivery is made by a certain
            date. Opp. unconditional.

            conditional bill of sale see under bill of sale.

            conditional bond see under bond, n.

            conditional endorsement see under endorse-
            ment.

            conditional sale see under sale.

            conditions of sale COM. & LAW in contracts
            for the sale of goods, the arrangements on
            which the seller is willing to sell his goods and
            which usu. appear in his printed price-lists
            or in documents acknowledging orders. See
            condition.

            condo condominium.

            condominium (U.S.A.) a group of houses or a
            building containing a number of flats, each
            owned by the person(s) living in it, while the
            land on which the buildings are placed is
            owned by all the owners of the houses/flats.
            Abbr. condo (collog.).

            conduct to lead or guide; to manage: To conduct
            a business. To conduct negotiations. To conduct
            a party on a tour of the factory.

            conducted tour TOUR. one on which a guide
            travels with the party of tourists to look after
            arrangements for the journey and to point out
            and explain the interesting sights.

            conduct money see caution money (4).



                evince -p 143 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            conductor TRANSPT. (1) a person employed to
            collect fares (the cost of travel) on a bus. (2)
            (U.S.A.) a person in charge of people being
            carried on a public vehicle, esp. a train, or
            employed as a guide on a sightseeing tour. See
            conducted tour. Syn. (Britain) guard.
            confédération Générale du _ Travail
            (C.G.T.) IND. REL. (French, General Confede-
            ration of Labour) the French equivalent of the
            British Trades Union Congress (T.U.C.),
            Confederation of British Industry (C.B.1.)
            IND. a large association of industrial and com-
            mercial companies, trade associations and
            publicly-owned industries which represents
            employers and management in dealings with
            the government and trade unions on industrial
            problems.
            confer (1) to discuss; to get advice: To confer
            with one’s lawyers. We have been conferring on
            the subject, talking together. (2) to give; to
            allow: To confer a degree on a_ university
            student/a knighthood on the chairman of the
            company. To confer the status of sole stockist on
            a customer.
            conference a more or less formal meeting or
            series of meetings attended by persons who
            talk to each other, discuss or settle matters of
            common interest and perh. reach decisions on
            action to be taken: We are in conference. A
            press conference.
            conference call a discussion held on the tele-
            phone between several persons in different
            places
            conference lines owners of shipping lines who
            have formed a shipping conference.
            shipping conference see separate entry.
            teleconference a telecommunications facility
            whereby pictures and voice can be transmitted,
            thus enabling people in different locations to
            speak to one another as if face to face.
            confidence (1) a feeling of trust: J have confi-
            dence in him, I trust him. My confidence was
            misplaced, I was wrong to trust him. J lost
            confidence in them when they did not pay.
            confidence trick see con-man.
            (2) a secret told to another person: We exchan-
            ged confidences about our employers. He told me
            in (strict) confidence that ... He took me into
            his confidence, told me his secret(s).
            abuse/breach of confidence the breaking of a
            promise to keep a secret. See breach of confi-
            dence.
            (3) belief in oneself: She is full of self-confidence.
            (4) ECON. trust in the present and future econ-
            omic situation by businessmen, investors: We
            must await the return of confidence before buying
            another ship.
            confidential adj. secret; told in confidence and
            expected to be kept a secret: J have received
            confidential information. A confidential talk/
            letter|file/communication. A document marked


            conglomerate - 133

            confidential must not be shown to persons who
            do not need to see it. Adj. confidentially.
            confidential clerk/secretary a person who can
            be trusted not to give away secret information.
            confidentiality clause MAN. the clause in a
            contract of employment which prohibits the
            employee from making known to a third party
            company information regarded as confidential:
            often the clause will define what information
            is confidential.
            confirm (1) to make firm; to settle: We are able
            to confirm that the goods will be delivered on 1
            December. Please confirm the dates of your visit
            to Alexandria. The minutes of the meeting have
            been confirmed, approved, declared correct. (2)
            to make certain or binding: We now confirm
            our acceptance of your quotation. He has con-
            firmed his order. A confirmed credit, one that is
            binding. His appointment as manager has been
            confirmed.
            confirmed irrevocable credit BKG. & COM. in
            foreign trade, a banker’s credit that is irrevo-
            cable (cannot be changed or recalled) and
            against which the banker must accept bills
            of exchange drawn by the exporter, usu. on
            condition that the bill has with it the shipping
            documents endorsed in blank. For this reason
            such credits are called documentary credits.
            Cf. confirmed letter of credit.
            confirmed letter of credit see letter of credit.
            confirming house see commission agent.
            confiscation the seizing of private property
            by a government without compensating the
            owner, esp. in time of war or as the result of a
            serious crime by the owner, e.g. confiscation
            of forbidden or smuggled goods, of the fish
            caught and the nets of a vessel found fishing
            in forbidden waters.
            conflict of interest LAW & FIN. the personal
            situation of someone who has the power to
            decide a matter that could favour his own
            interest by giving him a personal advantage,
            possibly harming the interest of others. In
            many organizations there are rules applying to
            this; thus when a board of directors considers
            investing in a company owned by one of those
            directors he would have to leave the board-
            room during the discussion so that it can be
            recorded that he took no part in the making
            of the decision.
            conflict of laws see international law.
            confrére a fellow member of a group of persons
            in the same profession, such as doctors and
            lawyers. A colleague.
            congestion TRANSPT. the state of excessive full-
            ness or crowding: Traffic congestion is bad dur-
            ing the rush-hour. Congestion at the port of
            Calcutta will delay delivery. There is severe con-
            gestion in the warehouse.
            conglomerate (1) a mass composed of different
            materials or things. (2) STK. EXCH. a group


                evince -p 144 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            134 - Congress

            of companies resulting from a conglomerate
            merger: A banking and publishing conglomer ate.
            conglomerate merger a merger OF combination
            of a number of commercial or industrial com-
            panies which are completely different in
            nature, usu. for the purpose of diversification,
            i.e. to spread business risks. Cf. horizontal
            merger; vertical merger. Sym. conglomerate
            amalgamation
            Congress (1) LAW the elected law-making body
            of the U.S.A. consisting of the Senate or upper
            chamber and the House of Representatives or
            lower chamber. (2) the name given to the
            Senate and Chamber of Deputies in Mexico.
            (3) in India, one of the main political parties.
            Congress of Industrial Organizations
            (C.1.0.) see American Federation of Labour.
            con. inv. consular invoice.
            con-man (co//og.) a man who uses a confidence
            trick to get money; a confidence trickster; a
            dishonest person who gains one’s confidence,
            persuades one to hand over money or valuable
            articles, and then disappears.
            Conn. Connecticut, U.S.A.
            connection or connexion TOUR. the position
            where one form of travel connects with
            another, e.g. a bus arrives at a place in time
            for its passengers to leave without much delay
            by another bus or by e.g. a train: To catch/to
            miss/one’s connection. Is there a good connection
            between train and plane at Cairo?
            connections or connexions p/. COM. in business,
            relations with suppliers, customers, bankers,
            etc. He has good connections in the City. The
            firm has excellent business connections. We have
            built up useful connections in foreign markets.
            connoisseur a person who is a good judge
            in matters of taste; a person having special
            knowledge of objects of beauty or of wines,
            cigars, etc. He is a connoisseur of antique books/
            china/silver/paintings/prints, etc.
            conscience money TAXN. a sum of money paid
            to the government by a person with a guilty
            conscience who has acted dishonestly in the
            past by not paying enough tax.
            consensual contract see under contract.
            consensus ad idem (Latin, agreement about
            the same thing) LAW in the law of contract, the
            common understanding between the parties
            which is essential to make any contract bind-
            ing.
            consent (1) agreement: He gave his consent to
            our crossing his land. A contract needs the consent
            of both parties. They have, by mutual consent,
            ended their long partnership. I now give my formal
            consent, in writing. He gave his tacit consent,
            shown but not stated in words. (2) LAW in the
            law of contract all parties must willingly agree
            to the making and conditions of the contract,
            otherwise the courts cannot force obedience to
            it. There must have been no duress (use of

            force or excessive influence), deceit, ot Othe,
            dishonesty by any of the parties.

            consent decree LAW an order of the cour
            putting an end to a lawsuit in which the defen.
            dant admits the plainuffs charges and agrees
            to the remedy proposed.

            consequential damages see under damages.
            nm. pi,

            consequential loss policy see under insurance
            policy.

            conservatism see prudence.

            conservative adj. cautious; moderate: A con.
            servative estimate. To adopt a conservative policy.
            A conservative investment, running little risk.

            conservative accounting ACCTS. a guiding
            rule in accounting that caution and moderation
            must always be used. When an accountant has
            to make a choice between figures, he will take
            that which results in understating rather than
            overstating the profit. He will be certain to
            take account of all losses, but he will not bring
            into account profits that have not yet been
            made.

            conservator in U.S.A. (1) LAW a person
            appointed by a court to protect the interests
            and to manage the affairs of a person who
            cannot do so himself. Syn. a guardian; a custo-
            dian. (2) LAW a person appointed by the court
            to close down a bankrupt business. Syn. liqui-
            dator. (3) an official in charge of, or employed
            in, a museum (a collection of articles of interest
            to students of history, science, etc.), whose
            work is to conserve (keep safe, preserve) the
            objects in it.
            conservators of the peace LAW officials ap-
            pointed by the State to preserve law and order
            and the public peace, such as judges and Jus-
            tices of the Peace.

            consgt. consignment.

            consideration (1) LAW something of material

            value given or sacrificed by a party to a contract

            in return for some duty taken upon himself by

            the other party. To have legal force, all con-

            tracts (except those made under seal, i.e. deeds)

            must provide that whatever is gained by one

            party shall be in exchange for some gain (valu-

            able consideration) to the other party. Con-

            sideration may be in the form of a payment of

            money, a delivery of goods, a performance of

            services or promises to do or make any of these.

            Syn. quid pro quo; compensation. (2) sTK.

            EXCH. the amount paid for a security bought

            on the stock or share market, not including

            stamp duty or brokerage.


            consideration for sale the sale price; the amount
            of money which the buyer has to pay.
            executed consideration something of value
            already given as part or the whole of the con-
            sideration due by a party to a contract.
            executory consideration something of value to
            be given in the future as part or the whole of



                evince -p 145 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            a

            deration due by a party to a contract.
            ‘deration that which does not possess

            ‘al value and which represents no real
            mater! such as natural love and affection.
            sar consideration is not valuable consider-
            yOOU ©

            ation.
            illegal

            sontract.
            e <¢ consideration that which has taken place

            ‘n the past and before the making of the con-
            rract. It is, legally, no consideration and the
            contract containing It has no legal force.
            valuable consideration that which has some
            material value such that when given it rep-
            -esents some real sacrifice by the giver. Cf.
            good consideration.
            consign v. COM. & TRANSPT. to send off goods
            from one place to another, esp. for delivery to
            a customer or to an agent for sale: Your order
            has been consigned by rail today.
            consignee COM. & TRANSPT. a person to whom
            goods are consigned (sent), esp. an agent to
            whom the goods sent are on consignment. See
            | consignor. Syn. addressee; recipient.
            . consignee’s interest INSCE. see buyer’s interest.
            consignment com. (1) a set or group of goods
            or articles consigned at one time: The articles
            formed part of the consignment sent last month.
            (2) goods sent by the owner to an agent for
            sale on commission, the consignor keeping the
            ownership of the goods until the agent has sold
            | them. Goods sent under these conditions are
            said to be sent on consignment. Abbr. consgt.
            consignment account ACCTS. a special form
            of account in the nature of a combined trading
            and profit and loss account made for each
            | consignment sent to an agent for sale on com-
            mission. The cost of the goods, of transport,
            duty, dock and warehouse charges, and agent’s
            commission are debited to the account, and
            the sum received from sales is credited; the
            difference, being profit or loss, is transferred
            to the profit and loss on consignment account.
            consignment invoice see under invoice.
            consignment note see way-bill. Abbr. C/N.
            consignor COM. & TRANSPT. (1) a person or
            Organization that consigns goods. Cf. con-
            signee. Syn. sender. (2) the owner of goods who
            sends them to an agent (the consignee) who
            has agreed to receive, store and sell them for
            the owner. See consignment.
            consistency Accts. the idea that a company
            should follow the same accounting policies
            from year to year in reporting its results, so that
            comparisons between years may more easily be
            made. The concept forms a part of accounting
            standards in most countries.
            ee STK. EXCH. & FIN. to unite; to
            g¢; to bring together as one for the purpose

            re | '
            { making stronger: To consolidate several com-
            panies. See consolidation.

            good cons

            consideration payment under an illegal

            constitution - 135

            consolidated accounts see under accounts, n.
            pl.

            Consolidated Annuities see Consols.
            consolidated bond see under bond, n.
            Consolidated Fund Fin. in Britain, that part
            of the money received by the government in
            taxes, from which are paid certain expendi-
            lures approved by Parliament, such as the cost
            of running the armed forces and the Civil
            Service, and the interest on the national debt.
            The Fund is kept by the Bank of England,
            under the orders of the Treasury, in an account
            called the Exchequer account. See Exchequer.
            Consolidated Stock see Consols.
            consolidating Act LAw a law bringing together
            various laws passed earlier by Parliament.
            consolidation sTK. EXCH. (1) the bringing to-
            gether and uniting of two or more companies.
            Syn. a merger. (2) a change in the face value
            of a company’s shares, usu. to increase the face
            value by combining a number of low-value
            shares into one higher-value e.g. ten 1Op shares
            may be consolidated into one £1 share: A
            consolidation of capital. (3) LAw the combining
            of two or more laws into one new statute.
            Consols sTK. EXCH. & FIN. Consolidated Annui-
            ties or Consolidated Stock, interest-bearing
            securities or bonds issued by the British
            Government which have no maturity (repay-
            ment) date. See annuity bond under bond. The
            present bonds are the result of the consolidat-
            ing or merging of several loans raised at diffe-
            rent times and at different rates of interest.
            The interest on them is backed by the whole
            of the Consolidated Fund of the government.
            Abbr. Con.
            consortium IND. & FIN. a combination, usu. of
            two or more large international companies,
            formed for a special and limited common pur-
            pose, such as to act as one in bargaining for a
            contract for very big building works, e.g.
            nuclear power stations, dams, etc. Syn. syndi-
            cate. P/. consortiums or consortia.
            conspicuous consumption see under con-
            sumption. See also Veblen, T.B.
            conspiracy LAW a secret agreement or plan by
            two or more persons to do an unlawful act.
            constant cost see fixed cost under cost.
            constant-ratio investment plan see under
            investment.
            constituted Law having legal form: A properly
            (or regularly) constituted meeting, one which, to
            be legally effective, must have been properly
            called in accordance with the Articles, must
            have the right person as president or chairman,
            and a proper quorum (sufficient number of
            members) present.
            constitution Law (1) the way in which the
            government of a country is constituted, i.e.
            made up or organized. Britain has an unwritten
            constitution which is continuously changing.


                evince -p 146 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            136 - construction policy

            while the U.S.A. has a written canAnae
            which is slow to change. Adj. constitutional.

            nent and people
            which government ane |
            eee er to the orderly running of

            as ‘ ‘ 4
            regard ) the document containing these

            society. (3
            basic laws. <iogies é
            construction policy see shipbuilders’ policy

            under insurance policy. |
            constructive dismissal IND. REL. & MAN. an

            act of improper behaviour by an employer, ¢.8.
            victimization, which is so serious as to give an
            employee the right to resign and still claim
            payment for wrongful dismissal, on the grounds
            that the employee could no longer suffer the
            treatment he was receiving. Cf. summary dis-
            missal; wrongful dismissal.
            constructive possession see under possession
            (3).
            constructive total loss MAR. INSCE. where a
            ship or her cargo are so badly damaged that
            the cost of repair would be greater than the
            market value, they are treated as totally lost,
            and the insurers are bound to pay the total sum
            for which the damaged ship or cargo was
            insured. Cf. actual total loss. Abbr. C.T.L.
            constructive trust see under trust.
            constructive trustee see under trustee.
            Consul a government official sent to work in a
            foreign town to act as local representative of
            his government, protecting the interests of its
            citizens visiting or living there; to report on
            trade and economic conditions; and to carry
            out certain commercial duties such as signing
            consular invoices (see under invoice). His office
            is called a consulate. Adj. consular. Abbr. Con.
            Consul General a Consul of the highest rank.
            Vice-Consul a consular official next below a
            Consul in rank.
            consular agent a person who does the work of
            a Consul, usu. at a place of less importance
            than those having Consuls.
            consulage see consular fees.
            consular agent see under Consul.
            consular fees CoM. & SHIPG. charges by consu-
            lar offices abroad for the services they perform,
            esp. in signing documents and issuing certifi-
            cates. Syn. consulage; consular charges.
            consular invoice see under invoice.
            consulate see Consul.
            consult (1) to get advice, usu. from a profession-
            ally-qualified person: To consult a lawyer/
            doctor/accountant/architect, etc. (2) to get in-
            formation from: To consult a document/book/
            dictionary/directory. (3) to show concern for a
            person’s feelings, interests or rights: You must
            consult the owner before you drive your cattle
            across his land.
            Sey person or organization selling pro-
            engineerin vice: An advertising | business |
            8/ industrial | management / marketing |


            medical | mining | tax consultant. A firm of archi-
            tectural consultants. A consultant surgeon.
            consultation IND. REL. the process whereby
            management and employee representatives
            discuss together matters of mutual interest, the
            objective being the exchange of views rather
            than negotiation of agreements. .
            Consultative Committee for International
            Telephony and Telegraphy (C.C.I.T.T.)
            a committee of the United Nations which
            makes rules governing international communi-
            S.
            opastttihe room(s) a room or set of rooms
            where sick or injured people come to be exam-
            ined and treated by a doctor. Cf. surgery.
            consumables com. things that are intended to
            be consumed, i.e. eaten, drunk or otherwise
            used up, such as food and drink, electric power,
            clothing and paper. ,
            consume, propensity to see under propensity.
            consumer ECON. a person whose wants are satis-
            fied by producers; a person who consumes (uses
            or uses up) the products and services that
            he buys, and who does not resell them. Opp.
            producer.
            consumer acceptance see brand acceptance.
            consumer credit BKG. & FIN. the lending of
            money, or a right to money, to members of the
            public by banks, finance houses, pawnbrokers
            and money-lenders, for the purpose of buying
            consumer goods, the goods themselves often
            being taken as security for the loan. For various
            forms of consumer credit see hire-purchase
            agreement; deferred-payment agreement;
            monthly account; budget account; credit card;
            charge account.
            consumer demand ECON. THEORY the amount
            of a commodity or service that consumers are
            willing to buy at a given price during a stated
            period. It is not the amount that the consumers
            would like to have but the amount that they
            are willing to pay for, i.e. demand in the
            economic sense. Cf. market demand.
            consumer durables coM. & ECON. consumer
            goods that are intended to be used over a
            period of time, such as household refrigerators
            and washing machines. In certain theories of
            the trade cycle, the state of the industries pro-
            ducing consumer durables is considered to be
            a pointer to a downward or upward swing. See
            also durable goods. Cf. consumer non-durables.
            Syn. hard goods; (U.S.A.) white goods.
            consumer goods see under goods (7).
            consumer group Com. a small group of people

            living in the same place who study the prices
            and examine the quality of consumer goods
            being sold in local shops, and make the infor-
            mation known to the public. Cf. consumer
            panel.
            consumer investment see under investment.
            Consumerism com. & IND. a movement that


                evince -p 147 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            ect the interests of the public by

            hat consumer goods should be “a

            ity, safe to use and reasonably priced.

            _oonler non-durables COM. & ECON. those
            consumer goods that are consumed, or used
            up, soon after they are bought, such as food,
            drink and tobacco, most clothes, household
            cleaning materials, newspapers and magazines
            (not books). Cf. consumer durables. Syn.
            single-use goods; soft goods.

            consumer panel ADVTG. & COM. market
            research based upon chosen persons in the
            larger groups of consumers who keep a record
            of all their purchases. Panel research is usu.
            used to discover market shares and to discover
            which type of customer is buying a certain
            product. Cf. consumer group.

            Consumer Price Index ECON. & COM. in U.S.A.
            and some other countries, the index of retail
            prices prepared usu. every three months to
            show the percentage rate at which prices have
            risen during the period and, by adding the
            figures for four quarters together, to show the
            percentage rate for a year. Many wage agree-
            ments are related to it. Syn. (Britain) index of
            retail prices. Abbr. C.P.I.

            consumer research see under research.

            consumers’ co-operative see under co-opera-
            tive.

            consumer services see under services.

            consumer’s surplus ECON. THEORY the diffe-
            rence between the price which a buyer is will-
            ing to pay for a thing rather than not have it,
            and the price he actually does pay. Syn. buyer’s
            surplus; surplus value. Cf. producer’s surplus.

            consumption (1) the act of consuming, of using,
            of using up. (2) an amount consumed: The
            petrol consumption of a car, the distance it will
            run on a given amount of petrol, e.g. 30 miles
            per gallon, or the amount of petrol it will use
            to run a given distance, e.g. 9.4 litres per 100
            kilometres. (3) ECON. the amount of money that
            the entire public spends on consumer goods in
            a given period.
            capital consumption in economic analysis, the
            amount of capital goods used up in the process
            of producing consumer goods and further capi-
            tal goods.
            conspicuous consumption the buying of goods
            and services not for one’s own use but just for
            show. See Veblen, T.B.
            home consumption (a) goods consumed in the
            country in which they are made. (b) foreign
            goods held in a bonded warehouse until they
            are needed for consumption.
            induced consumption increased spending on
            consumer goods as a result of increased invest-
            a Cf. induced investment under invest-

            nt.

            consumption function see propensity to con-
            sume.

            aims to prot
            demanding t

            contango « 137

            consumption goods see consumer goods under
            goods (7).

            consumption tax TAXN. a tax which govern-
            ments have sometimes used, esp. in time of
            war or economic trouble, in order to discourage
            the public from spending money on certain
            kinds of goods which have become scarce but
            which cannot be fairly rationed (shared out to
            everyone). The aim of the tax 1s not to bring
            in money but rather to act as a means of
            economic control. Cf. expenditure tax.

            Cont. Continent (of Europe).

            cont. continued; content(s); container.

            contacts CoM. persons one knows who may be
            useful or helpful in getting business: He has
            good contacts in local government circles. We
            have no business contacts in Greece. I have not
            had time to make any contacts.

            container (1) anything such as a box, barrel,
            bottle, etc. used for holding something. (2)
            TRANSPT. a large metal case, of standard shape
            and size, for carrying goods by specially-built
            road vehicles, railway wagons and ships. Con-
            tainers are 8 ft. (2.4 m) wide, 8 ft. (2.4 m) high
            and either 20 ft. (6.1 m) or 40 ft. (12.2 m) long
            and weigh from 3 to 12 tons when loaded.
            Their standardized form greatly helps in
            handling and transporting them quickly and
            cheaply. Syn. lift-van. Abbr. cont.
            container crane a large crane specially planned
            and built to lift and move containers at a
            container depot or port.
            container depot a place specially arranged for
            loading, unloading and storing containers.
            container port one provided with special cranes,
            etc. for unloading and loading container ships
            and for moving and storing containers.
            container ship a large, fast ship specially plan-
            ned and built to carry containers filled with
            cargo. Syn. van ship; box-ship.
            container traffic the movement of goods by
            using containers.
            container train a fast freight train made up of
            railway wagons specially planned and built to
            carry containers. The British railways run a
            service of fast container trains between all the
            larger cities and ports, called ‘freightliners’.
            container truck a road or railway vehicle spe-
            cially planned and built to carry containers.
            transcontainer a container planned and built
            specially for transporting one kind of product.
            e.g. soft fruit.

            containerize (1) TRANSPT. to put (goods) into
            standard-sized containers for carriage by road,
            rail or ship. (2) SHIPG. to plan or re-arrange a
            ship to carry cargo loaded in containers. N.
            containerization.

            contamination MarR. INSCE. the spoiling of a
            ship’s cargo, esp. by sea-water.

            contango (1) sTK. EXCH. the payment of interest
            made by brokers for ‘carrying over’ or ‘continu-


                evince -p 148 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            138 - contemptuous damages

            ing’ a debt from one Account to the next. See
            Account, The. (2) COMMOD. EXCH. the amount
            by which the spot price is lower than the
            forward or futures price of a commodity. Cf.
            backwardation.
            contango day the day on which the contango
            rate is fixed, being the first of the Stock Exch-
            ange Settling Days. Syn. continuation day;
            making-up day; Settlement Day; Account Day.
            contemptuous damages see under damages,
            n. pl.
            contg. containing.
            contests ADVTG. an aid to selling goods, by
            holding a competition for valuable prizes for
            those persons who write the best answers to
            questions or who make up the best slogan
            (clever saying for use in advertising).
            continent one of the seven largest land masses
            in the world: North and South America,
            Europe, Asia, Africa, Australasia and An-
            tarctica.
            The Continent (collog.) the mainland of Europe
            (usu. excluding Scandinavia) as distinguished
            from the British Isles. Adj. continental. Abbr.
            Cont.
            subcontinent a large land area forming part
            of a continent, such as the Indian (or Indo-
            Pakistan) subcontinent.
            continental cover INSCE. the insurance by Brit-
            ish insurers against risk of accident to motor
            cars and goods vehicles while in stated coun-
            tries on the Continent of Europe. See green
            card.
            continental shelf the belt of shallow sea bor-
            dering a continent and extending to a depth of
            100 fathoms (600 ft. or about 183 m). This shelf
            has become important in regard to inter-
            national claims to catch fish and to sink oil-
            wells in these waters.
            contingency (1) an uncertain and usu. unwel-
            come event which, if it happens, will need
            sudden and immediate action: To be prepared
            for/guard against/all contingencies. (2) ACCTS. &
            FIN. an expense of an unknown nature that has
            to be provided for, e.g. by setting up a reserve
            fund: A contingency fund.
            contingency account see contingency reserve.
            contingency insurance see under insurance,
            classes and kinds of.
            contingency plan MAN. a business plan design-
            ed to cope with bad or poor conditions, e.g. if
            prices in a market were to fall sharply, a
            contingency plan might include the closure of
            a number of factories in order to economize.
            contingency reserve ACCTS. a reserve fund set
            up to meet a contingency such as a loss that
            would be suffered if a large overseas market
            were suddenly closed. Syn. contingency
            account; contingency fund.
            contingent annuity see under insurance policy.
            contingent assets see assets.



            contingent liabilities ACCTS. & FIN. possible
            debts which will come into existence only op
            the happening of a contingency (uncertain
            event), e.g. the liability of a guarantor.

            contingent or survivorship policy see unde,
            insurance policy.

            continuation STK. EXCH. see Account, The. |

            continuation clause (1) INSCE. a condition jp
            an insurance policy which binds the insurer to
            continue to give cover after the ending of the
            period of the policy until a renewal is arranged
            and paid for. (2) MAR. INSCE. a condition in a
            marine policy which binds the insurers to keep
            a ship covered by insurance until she gets back
            to her home port if her return is delayed for
            any reason beyond the ending of the period of
            the policy.

            continuation day see contango day under con-
            tango.

            continue see Account Day.

            continued bond see under bond, n.

            continuous audit see audit.

            continuous disability policy see permanent
            health policy under insurance policy.

            continuous employment see under employ-
            ment.

            continuous inventory see continuous stock-
            taking under stocktaking.

            continuous stationery printed forms such as
            invoices or headed notepaper joined together
            as an unbroken strip of paper, so that they
            can be fed continuously into a typewriter or
            invoicing/billing machine or computer print-
            out machine without the troublesome work of
            reloading.

            continuous stocktaking see under stocktak-
            ing.

            contour on a map, a line joining points that are
            at an equal height above sea-level.

            contra ACCTSs. (1) an entry made on the opposite
            side of an account from that of an entry or
            entries made earlier. The purpose is to balance
            or cancel (make ineffective) the earlier entry
            or entries.
            contra credit an amount credited to an account
            in order to cancel (make ineffective) a previous
            debit. Abbr. con. cr.
            (2) an entry made in the cash book to record
            cash paid into or taken out of the bank account.
            (3) CoM. barter. (4) (Latin, against). See pro.
            Abbr. con.

            contraband CoM. & LAW goods which are
            illegally brought into or taken out of a country.
            Syn. smuggled goods.
            contraband of war any goods which a country
            at war forbids other countries, including nev-
            trals, to supply to the enemy.

            contract n. LAW any legally binding agreement
            between two or more parties. To be effective
            according to law, it is essential that the parties
            to a contract have legal capacity (power) and




                evince -p 149 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            freedom of contract; they must intend it to be
            binding; they must be agreed on the purpose
            of the contract and the purpose must not be
            illegal; there must be valuable consideration,
            ‘e, some payment or service OF sacrifice must
            be promised by each party; and the meaning
            of the agreement must be clear enough to be
            understood. It need not necessarily be in writ-
            ing unless it is of a nature that must by law be
            ‘a writing or under seal. Pron. contract. Adj.
            contractual.

            aleatory contract see under aleatory.

            bare contract see nude contract below.

            bilateral contract a contract between two par-
            ties which binds each party to perform some
            duty for the other party.

            consensual contract one which exists only
            because both parties have consented (agreed)
            to it, without putting it into a written docu-
            ment.

            credit contract a contract by which one party
            agrees to pay the other a charge for credit, i.e.
            for the right to repay the debt at some future
            time or times. This includes instalment and
            hire-purchase agreements, loans, credit-card
            transactions, mortgages and overdrafts.
            executed contract one that has been completely
            performed.

            executory contract one that has not yet been
            performed.

            fixed job contract IND. a contract of employ-
            ment which expires when the specific work the
            employee has been engaged to do has been
            completed.

            fixed term contract IND. a contract of employ-
            ment which sets a fixed length of time to the
            Service.

            formal contract see specialty contract below.
            futures contract see separate entry.

            gaming contract a special kind of wagering
            contract, being one which relates to a bet on
            the result of a game. See wagering contract
            below.

            hire-purchase contract see hire-purchase agree-
            ment.

            illegal contract one that is for a purpose which
            is an offence against the law, or against the
            national interest, etc. All illegal contracts are
            void. See void contract below.

            implied contract one which is not expressed
            but is taken by law to exist, judging by the
            behaviour and intentions of the parties, such
            as when both parties clearly intend that goods
            and services provided by one party shall be
            paid for by the other party.

            infant’s contract one made by a person under
            the age of 18 years. Except for contracts for
            necessaries and for contracts of service which
            are to his advantage, no contract made by an

            infant has force in a court of law. See void
            contract; voidable contract below.

            contract - 139

            moneylending contract one made by a pro-
            fessional moneylender and a _ borrower, to
            which certain special rules under the Money-
            lenders Acts apply, such as an upper limit on
            the rate of interest and on the length of time
            during which the lender may take action in the
            courts to obtain repayment of the loan.

            naked contract see nude contract below.
            netback contract esp. in the oil industry, one
            by which the price of the raw material (in this
            case crude oil) is related to the selling-price of
            the products made from it.

            nude contract an agreement which provides for
            no consideration and which is unenforceable
            unless it is made a contract under seal. Syn.
            nudum pactum; bare contract; naked contract.
            onerous contract one that is severe and unjust,
            because the duties of one of the parties are so
            hard that he cannot get any advantage from
            it. |

            open contract a simple contract which is writ-
            ten. See simple contract below.

            oppressive contract a contract that is cruelly
            unjust to one party. In some countries the
            courts have power to make the conditions of
            the contract more reasonable.

            option contract one which gives one party, in
            return for the payment of a certain sum of
            money, the right to buy or to sell something,
            such as a number of shares, at a fixed price
            within a stated period of time. See option.
            oral contract see parol contract below.

            parol contract a simple contract which 1s oral,
            by word of mouth, not in writing. Syn. oral
            contract See simple contract below.
            quasi-contract a duty for which no formal con-
            tract has been made but which comes into
            existence in certain circumstances. Thus, a
            person has a right to be repaid his expenses in
            looking after a neighbour’s unguarded prop-
            erty. See also salvage.

            sale contract see separate entry.

            simple contract one which, although legally
            binding, has not been formally drawn up as a
            deed under seal. If it is written it is called an
            open contract, and if oral (made by word of
            mouth, not written) it is called a parol contract.
            Cf. specialty contract.

            specialty contract one which is in the form of
            a deed, i.e. under seal and therefore a very
            solemn promise. Contracts made under seal
            are necessary in cases such as: a promise to
            give without consideration; transfers (changes
            of ownership) of land; leases of more than
            three years; transfers of shares in ships. Cf.
            simple contract. Syn. contract under seal; con-
            tract by deed; formal contract.

            turnkey contract one in which one of the parties
            agrees to supply, at the contract price, a com-
            plete product ready for use, such as a new
            home, factory, ship, etc.




                evince -p 150 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            ee ee ee eee

            140 - contract ‘binding in honour

            unenforceable contract (a) one to which the
            courts cannot force obedience, only because of
            some unimportant detail such as the absence
            of a document. (6) one where the right of action
            is barred by limitation.
            unilateral contract one in which one of the
            parties has already completed or partly com-
            pleted his duties under the contract before it
            is signed. Such a contract must be under seal.
            valid contract one that is correct according to
            law.
            void contract one which will not be recognized
            by the courts and which is therefore not a
            contract at all. It may be a contract which is
            illegal, either because it is forbidden by law,
            e.g. to steal, or because it is against public
            policy, €.g. not to compete with a former
            employer; or it may be one made by an infant
            (a young person under 18 years of age) agreeing
            to repay loans or to pay for goods; or where
            the parties were, by mistake, not thinking of
            the same thing.
            voidable contract a contract which may be
            avoided, being one that gives one of the parties
            the right to bring it to an end when he wishes,
            but until he does so, the contract is fully effec-
            tive in law. Such contracts usu. relate to the
            rights of infants (young persons under the age
            of 18 years in Britain). Cf. void contract.
            wagering contract one which relates to any kind
            of bet, not only on the result of a game. The
            courts will not hold any wagering contract to
            be binding. See gaming contract above. Cf.
            aleatory contract.
            v. COM. & LAW (1) to bring into existence a
            liability: To contract a debt/a duty/a loan/an
            obligation. (2) to enter into an agreement; to
            bind oneself: An infant has no power to contract.
            I have contracted to buy a house. They contracted
            with the manufacturer for a regular supply of
            parts. Pron. contract.
            contract ‘binding in honour only’ Law an
            agreement which states clearly that the parties
            intend it not to have legal force, in order to
            avoid a legal relationship between them. Such
            agreements are not legal contracts, and no
            court would support them. Syn. contract ‘not
            subject to legal jurisdiction’.
            contract bond see performance bond under
            bond, n.
            contract, breach of see breach of contract.
            contract by deed see specialty contract under
            contract.
            contract carrier see under carrier.
            contract, discharge of see discharge of con-
            tract.
            contract, frustration of see frustration of con-
            tract.
            contracting MAN. the phase in employee coun-
            selling when the rules of the counselling
            _ felationship are agreed; €.g. at this stage it


            only’

            is decided where and how often counsellin
            meetings will take place, and what informatio
            is regarded as too confidential to be discusseq
            See also counselling.
            contracting out (1) LAW giving up a legally.
            held right in exchange for some other advan.
            tage. Thus, an employer may contract oyt of
            a state pension scheme if he has set UP an
            occupational pension scheme that is at least as
            good to the employees as the state scheme. (2)
            ECON. & IND. the practice of some groups of
            manufacturers to put work out to contract, je
            to buy certain products and processed materija|c
            from subcontractors instead of manufacturing
            them themselves. See disintegration.
            contraction (1) ECON. a reduction in size o,;
            scale, esp. the lessening of business activity
            which happens during periods of economic
            depression: A contraction of market demand|
            investment/credit. See trade cycle under cycle.
            (2) IND. the reduction in the size and output of
            an industry usu. caused by a lessening world
            demand or by greater world competition: The
            contraction of the Lancashire cotton industry. (3)
            a reduction in the scale of production of an
            industrial unit: The contraction in the output of
            our factory will lead to a contraction in the size
            of our work force. Opp. expansion; increase:
            growth.
            contract labour see indentured labour.
            contract note STK. EXCH. the document sent to
            a client by a stockbroker for each deal he
            makes, in which are recorded full details of the
            stocks or shares he has just bought or sold for
            the client, and the price, commission, duty
            paid, etc. Syn. bought and sold note.
            contract ‘not subject to legal jurisdiction’
            see contract ‘binding in honour only’.
            contract of employment LAW & MAN. a con-
            tract of service or of apprenticeship, whether
            it is express or implied, oral or in writing.
            contract of insurance INSCE. one in which, in
            return for the payment of a charge called a
            premium, an insurer agrees to pay to the
            insured on the happening of a stated event, a
            fixed sum of money, or the equivalent value of
            something lost or damaged. Syn. insurance
            policy.
            contract of marine insurance MAR. INSCE. a
            contract of insurance which relates to marine
            losses, i.e. those caused by an event or events
            at sea. Syn. contract of sea insurance; marine
            insurance policy.
            contract of record Law a contract connected
            with the work and rules of a court of law
            and entered in its records, such as a binding
            promise by an accused person to keep the
            peace, to be of good behaviour, to appear for
            trial at the proper time.
            contract of service LAW & MAN. one between
            employer and employee; the employee agrees


                evince -p 151 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &


            to serve continuously under the control —
            direction of the employer in e30 , is
            remuneration (payment of wages or salary) or
            other reward. Cf. contract of services.

            contract of services LAW & MAN. an picroins
            between employer and employee, under whic
            the employee is employed as an independent
            contractor, not continuously and not under the
            control of his employer, to whom he owes no
            duty of obedience. He is thus not a servant.
            Examples are doctors, lawyers, architects, and
            also accountants when employed for audit pur-
            poses. Cf. contract of service.

            contractor one who contracts to do something;
            one of the parties to a contract, esp. one who
            agrees to supply goods or to perform services
            at a fixed price for a stated period.
            building contractor one who builds houses, etc.
            under a contract.
            subcontractor one who contracts to supply
            goods, such as materials, or to perform services,
            that are needed for the performance of a separ-
            ate contract made by another contractor. E.g.
            a carpenter may be a subcontractor to a builder
            who has himself contracted to build a house.

            contractor's indemnity policy see under
            insurance policy.

            contract policy see under insurance policy.

            contracts, exchange of see exchange of con-
            tracts.

            contract supplies Com. goods ordered in large
            quantities under a contract between the buyer
            and the supplier, e.g. a manufacturer.

            contract to sell COM. & LAW an agreement in
            which one party promises in advance to sell,
            and another to buy, some stated thing, when a
            certain future event takes place; such as the
            sale of a house or ship, now being built, when
            it has been completed, or the sale of next year’s
            harvest. Cf. sale contract. Syn. agreement to
            sell.

            contractual LAw relating to, in the nature of,
            a contract: A contractual commitment/duty/
            obligation/payment/liability, one accepted by
            one party to a contract, to the benefit of the
            other party. Cf. legal liability.

            contractual rent see under rent.

            contract under seal see specialty contract
            under contract, n.

            contrib. contributing (share).

            contribute (1) to give, with other persons, for
            a common purpose, esp. to a good cause, such
            as to help the poor. (2) to give or pay one’s
            share: To contribute to the expenses/the cost of
            research. (3) to be partly the cause of some
            happening or event: His carelessness contrib-
            write Pan seident the loss of the: ship. (4) to

            : € in the writing of, a book or

            Magazine: She regularly contributes an article to
            our journal.


            control - 141

            contributed capital see paid-up capital under
            capital.

            contributing share see partly-paid share under
            share. Abbr. contrib.

            contribution (1) something contributed (given,
            with others, for a common purpose). (2) some-
            thing paid as a share in the cost of a common
            expense or loss. (3) INSCE. the share of a loss
            which will be borne by each insurer in pro-
            portion to the face value or sum assured on
            their policies. (4) FIN. the difference between
            sales revenue and direct costs, from which fixed
            costs (or indirect costs) must then be met, the
            remainder being profit. Syn. contribution to
            overheads.
            general average contribution MAR. INSCE. the
            share that each of the various parties joined in
            a marine adventure has to bear in a partial loss
            resulting from an extraordinary sacrifice made
            on purpose to prevent a total loss. See average

            4).

            sso insurance contribution see national
            insurance.

            voluntary contribution that of a voluntary con-
            tributor. See under contributor.

            contribution to overheads see contribution
            (4).

            sontributor one who contributes, who makes a
            contribution. Cf. contributory.
            voluntary contributor one who contributes
            freely, without being forced; esp. a person
            who is not forced to pay national insurance
            contributions in Britain but who does so of his
            own free will, usu. in order to qualify for a
            retirement pension.

            -ontributory n. LAW & STK. EXCH. (1) a member
            (shareholder) in a company. (2) the holder of
            fully-paid shares in a company. (3) any person
            bound by law to contribute (give with others)
            towards the assets of a company in the event
            of its being wound up, usu. a shareholder who
            is liable to pay only the uncalled balance on
            the shares he holds. See call, n. (3).

            sontributory mortgage see under mortgage.

            sontributory negligence Law in an action
            claiming damages for negligence, the plaintiff's
            own failure to take reasonable care, resulting
            in partial responsibility for damage or injury
            to himself. The effect is to reduce the amount
            damages in proportion to the extent to which

            € court decides that the plaintiff is to blame.

            -ontributory pension scheme one in which
            the employee, as well as the employer, contrib-
            utes to the financing of the pension. Cf. non-
            contributory pension scheme.

            -ontrol (1) STK. EXCH. the power that belongs to
            the holder(s) of more than 50% of the voting-
            Power in a company, and so the power of being
            able to direct the plans and activities of that
            company.
            budgetary control see separate entry.



                evince -p 152 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            142 - control account

            creeping control FIN. & STK. EXCH. 2 means of
            obtaining control of a company by first buying
            a minority (say 20%) shareholding and then C
            increasing the holding by buying more shares
            in the market at regular intervals of, say, six
            months without making a bid which all the
            shareholders have an equal chance to accept. ©
            In some countries this way of getting control
            is not allowed by stock-exchange rules. C
            (2) MAN. any system for checking and, if necess-
            ary, for correcting the performance of a busi-
            ness or of any part of its organization, such as
            budgetary, progress, production, quality and
            stock controls, as described below:
            inventory control see stock control below. Cc
            management control any system which makes
            it possible for the management of a business
            or other organization to check whether their
            plans and courses of action are being carried
            out. The system will also show where action is
            necessary to correct any movement away from ©
            a planned course. The actual controls must ©
            vary according to the type of organization, but
            will usu. include budgetary control, audit or
            accounting control, personnel or staff control,
            and quality and production controls. The main
            methods used are observation, examination
            and reporting. Syn. management checks.
            production control a control system for seeing
            that plans for production are carried out and
            that the supply of materials is sufficient for the
            needs of the organization. See progress control
            below.
            progress control a control system for checking
            that work is completed according to plan and
            for showing where action is necessary to avoid
            any delays or difficulties that may upset plans
            for production. See production control above.
            quality control a system for checking and mea-
            suring the quality of materials used and of the
            finished products of a manufacturing organiza-
            tion, so that comparisons can be made with
            fixed standards and action can be taken to
            correct any movement away from those stan-
            dards. Abbr. Q.C.
            stock control a system of checking the stock of
            goods and materials held by an organization,
            to see that it is correct according to the stock
            records, that stock is not being lost or stolen,
            that early action is taken to obtain more stock
            when needed, and that the quantities held are ¢
            reasonable. Syn. inventory control.

            control account ACCTS. a system of checking
            and proving the correctness of the accounts in
            a particular ledger, such as the bought ledger,
            by listing all the debits and credits made during
            a given period. Mistakes in posting are quickly
            discovered, the work of preparing the trial
            balance is made much easier, and in addition

            om Management know at any one time the

            Cc


            total of debtors and creditors. Syn. adjustment
            account; total account.

            ontrolled economy see command economy.
            ontroller see comptroller.
            ontrolling company see holding company
            under company.
            ontrolling interest see holding company
            under company.
            ontrol systems IND. various kinds of instru-
            ments and machines, esp. electronic and
            hydraulic, for checking and automatically
            operating the controls of production processes
            and activities. See cybernetics; servo-mecha-
            nism.

            onurbation a group of towns, formerly sepa-
            rate but now combined by growth into a con-
            tinuous large urban area. In Britain such areas
            are: Greater London, S.E. Lancashire, Mersey-
            side, W. Midlands, W. Yorkshire, Tyneside,
            Clydeside, etc.

            onv. convertible (shares).

            onvene to call people, esp. members of an
            association, together for a meeting: To convene
            a meeting. To be properly convened, according
            to the law, sufficient written notice must be
            given of any formal meeting, such as that of
            members (shareholders) of a company, to every
            person having a right to attend.

            onvenience, flag of see flag of convenience.

            onvenience goods COM. consumer goods
            which command a higher price because they
            are specially produced or packed so as to save
            work. Many kinds of food sold already pre-
            pared or cooked and ready to eat are con-
            venience goods (or convenience foods). Syn.
            (U.S.A.) fast foods.

            onvenience store COM. a small shop which
            aims to offer personal service to a specific area
            and which often has longer opening hours than
            a larger store. This form of retailing is also
            called neighbourhood retailing and has been seen
            as a reaction against the growth of large out-
            of-town superstores.

            Oonversion LAW wrongfully selling or giving
            away another person’s property without his
            permission. Cf. detinue. Syn. trover.

            onversion stock one issued with the intention
            that it should replace a stock issued earlier and
            soon due to be redeemed (paid back). See
            convertible bond under bond, n. (1); convert-
            ible loan stock.

            onvertibility FIN. & BKG. of currency, orig-
            inally the right of the holder of notes and coin
            of a certain currency to exchange them for
            gold. Nowadays it is the right of the holder to
            convert (change) a currency freely into other
            currencies.
            full convertibility when both residents and non-
            residents are free to convert at all times.
            limited or restricted convertibility when only
            non-residents can convert, or when convertibil-


                evince -p 153 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &


            le e.g tt ae op ay
            Co-o

            ‘ty exists only in regard to some special kinds
            of payment, such as for imports.

            convertible bond see under bond, n.

            convertible currency FIN. one that can be
            freely exchanged for all other currencies at the
            rates of exchange existing in the market.

            convertible loan stock STK. EXCH. loan stock
            ‘n a company, i.e. stock which will earn a fixed,
            regular rate of interest, but which can, at a
            stated date, be converted, 1.e. exchanged for
            shares in the same company on pre-arranged
            terms if the stockholder wishes. It will be to
            his advantage to use his right to convert if the
            dividend on the shares is likely to be higher in
            the future than the interest on the loan stock,
            or if the price of the shares is likely to rise. See
            convertible bond under bond, n. Syn. conver-
            tible security; p/. convertibles.

            convertible money/paper (1) FIN. paper

            money, esp. bank-notes, which can be ex-
            changed for coin at the office of the bank
            issuing the paper money. (2) paper money
            which can be freely exchanged for gold or
            silver when the holder wishes.

            convertible security see convertible loan
            stock.

            convertible term insurance see term policy
            under insurance policy.

            conveyance LAw (1) the transfer (passing) of
            ownership rights in land from one person to
            another. (2) the document recording the trans-
            fer. See deed of conveyance.

            conveyancer LAW a person, esp. a solicitor or
            a barrister, whose main work is to draw up
            conveyances.

            conviction LAW a formal finding of guilty in a
            criminal court. A person found guilty and sent
            to prison is called a convict.

            cook acctTs. (colloqg.) to deceive dishonestly by
            making accounts or other figures false or incor-
            rect: He was caught cooking the accounts, dis-
            honestly making them untrue or incorrect.
            Their profit figures have been cooked in order to
            hide the real financial situation.

            cooling-off period INSCE. in Britain, a period
            of 10 days allowed by law in which a person
            who has entered into a new contract for a life
            assurance policy may re-consider his decision.
            If during this time he changes his mind the
            contract is cancelled and he can get back the
            premium he has paid. This is to protect the
            public from being too easily persuaded by
            clever but unfair salesmen.

            coomb a British corn and dry measure, = 4
            bushels = 32 gallons = 145.47 litres.

            CO-Op. co-operative.

            CO-operative CoM. a business organization
            owned and run by a society of persons or of
            groups of persons whose aim is not to make a
            Profit but to give benefits to the members. Syn.
            Co-operative society. Colloq. co-op.

            eS


            perative Wholesale Society - 143

            agricultural co-operative see separate entry.
            consumers’ co-operative a co-operative society
            that buys goods from a co-operative wholesale
            society and sells them in a retail store. The
            members hold shares on which a fixed rate of
            interest is paid. Any trading surplus or profit
            is paid to the members as a dividend according
            to the value of the goods each has bought. Syn.
            retail co-operative; retail distributive society.
            credit co-operative a co-operative society which
            collects money from its members and lends it
            at low rates of interest, usu. to farmers. Such
            co-operatives carry out much of the financing
            of agriculture in many countries of the world,
            but have had little success in Britain. Syn.
            credit bank; credit society; co-operative bank.
            local financial co-operative see credit union.
            marketing co-operative an agricultural co-opera-
            tive which runs an organization for marketing
            (selling) the produce of its members. Cf. pro-
            ducers’ co-operative. :
            producers’ co-operative a co-operative society
            whose members are usu. small manufacturers
            who thus combine to obtain the advantages of
            bulk buying and other services such as jointly-
            owned buildings and machinery. Cf. marketing
            co-operative.
            retail co-operative see consumers’ co-operative.
            wholesale co-operative a co-operative society
            owned by a number of consumer (retail) co-
            operatives to act as a supplier, to its member
            societies and to other co-operatives, of goods
            which it has had the advantage of buying in
            bulk or of having itself manufactured. The
            profit is shared according to the value of goods
            each society has bought, those societies which
            are shareholders getting a higher rate of divi-
            dend than those which are not. Syn. co-opera-
            tive wholesale society.

            co-operative advertising ADVTG. an arrange-
            ment by which two or more businesses co-
            operate to save advertising costs.

            co-operative bank see credit co-operative
            under co-operative; also Co-operative Whole-
            sale Society Bank.

            co-operative farm aGrR. a large farm jointly
            run by a group of farmers and their families
            as a Co-Operative organization, sometimes with
            associated industries, such as food-packing and
            preserving factories under the same manage-
            a Syn. communal agricultural organiza-
            ion.

            co-operative marketing an arrangement by
            which a number of producers co-operate or
            work together to set up a jointly-owned organ-
            ization to put their goods on the market.

            co-operative society see co-operative.

            co-operative shop or store CoM. one run by
            a co-operative society.

            Co-operative Wholesale Society see whole- _



                evince -p 154 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            Co-«

            y exists only in regard to some special kinds

            at et ment, such as for ee

            : Pe tile bond see under bond, 7. atti
            Ore currency FIN. one that can be

            ible a4 a Ff |
            com ve exchanged for all other currencies at the
            eae exchange existing in the market.
            rare

            tock STK. BXCH. loan stock
            conver tT ie Adak which will earn a fixed,
            a fe rate of interest, but which can, at a
            Be date, be converted, i.e. exchanged for
            stated date, be ¢ Jarraniged
            shares in the same company on pre-arr nae
            rerms if the stockholder wishes. It will be to
            his advantage to use his right to convert if the
            dividend on the shares is likely to be higher in
            the future than the interest on the loan stock,
            or if the price of the shares is likely to rise. See
            convertible bond under bond, n. Syn. conver-
            tible security; p/. convertibles.

            convertible money/paper (1) FIN. paper
            money, esp. bank-notes, which can be ex-
            changed for coin at the office of the bank
            issuing the paper money. (2) paper money
            which can be freely exchanged for gold or
            silver when the holder wishes.

            convertible security see convertible loan
            stock.

            convertible term insurance see term policy
            under insurance policy.

            conveyance LAw (1) the transfer (passing) of
            ownership rights in land from one person to
            another. (2) the document recording the trans-
            fer. See deed of conveyance.

            conveyancer LAW a person, esp. a solicitor or
            a barrister, whose main work is to draw up
            conveyances.

            conviction Law a formal finding of guilty in a
            criminal court. A person found guilty and sent
            to prison is called a convict.

            COOK ACCTS. (collog.) to deceive dishonestly by
            making accounts or other figures false or incor-
            rect: He was caught cooking the accounts, dis-
            honestly making them untrue or incorrect.
            Their profit figures have been cooked in order to
            hide the real financial situation.

            cooling-off period Inscz. in Britain, a period
            of 10 days allowed by law in which a person
            who has entered into a new contract for a life
            assurance policy may re-consider his decision.
            If during this time he Changes his mind the
            contract is cancelled and he can get back the
            Premium he has paid. This is to protect the
            public from being too easily persuaded by

            : clever but unfair salesmen
            Coomb a Britj

            sh corn and dry measure, = 4

            | bushels = 32 gallons = 145.47 litres.
            ‘ ©O-Op. co-operative.
            ©0-Operative cou

            yperative Wholesale Society ° 143

            ral co-operative see separate entry.

            Sadat? oa onaralit a co-oper SS ee
            that buys goods from a co-operative W e cane
            society and sells them in a retail aaa a
            members hold shares on which a fixed rate -
            interest is paid. Any trading surplus or Aer
            is paid to the members as 4 dividend a
            to the value of the goods each has bought. hi
            retail co-operative; retail distributive ssi i
            credit co-operative a co-operative society ot ip
            collects money from its members and ean :
            at low rates of interest, usu. to farmers. suc
            co-operatives carry out much of the et
            of agriculture in many countries of the se ;
            but have had little success in Britain. tis
            credit bank; credit society; co-operative bank.
            local financial co-operative see credit union.
            marketing co-operative an agricultural co-opera
            tive which runs an organization for marketing
            (selling) the produce of its members. Cf. pro-

            ers’ co-operative. , |
            rene: ioeoperatiie a co-operative society
            whose members are usu. small manufacturers
            who thus combine to obtain the advantages of
            bulk buying and other services such as jointly-
            owned buildings and machinery. Cf. marketing
            co-operative. ;
            retail co-operative see consumers’ co-operative.
            wholesale co-operative a co-operative society
            owned by a number of consumer (retail) co-
            operatives to act as a supplier, to its member
            societies and to other co-operatives, of goods
            which it has had the advantage of buying in
            bulk or of having itself manufactured. The
            profit is shared according to the value of goods
            each society has bought, those societies which
            are shareholders getting a higher rate of divi-
            dend than those which are not. Syn. co-opera-
            tive wholesale society.

            co-operative advertising apvtc. an arrange-
            ment by which two or more businesses co-
            operate to save advertising costs.

            co-operative bank see credit co-operative
            under co-operative; also Co-operative Whole-
            sale Society Bank.

            Co-operative farm aGR. a large farm jointly
            run by a group of farmers and their families
            as a co-operative Organization, sometimes with
            associated industries, such as food-packing and
            Preserving factories under the same manage-

            ment. Syn. communal agri ,
            tion. gricultural organiza-

            CO-Operative shop or
            a CO-operative Society.
            Co-operative Wholesale Society see whole-


                evince -p 155 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            es

            144 - Co-operative Wholesale Soc

            sale co-operative under co-operative. Abbr.
            C.W.S.

            Co-operative Wholesale Society Bank
            BKG. one of the British clearing banks, which
            acts as the central financing organization sup-
            plying capital to the co-operative movement
            generally. It is also used by local authorities
            and trade unions and has a relatively small
            number of private customers.

            co-ownership of industry IND. the practice
            of giving the employees a share in the owner-
            ship of the business that employs them. Syn.
            co-partnership; worker participation.

            co-ownership of land see joint ownership;
            ownership in common.

            co-partnership see co-ownership of industry.

            copper (1) any coin of low value made of copper
            or bronze. (2) (collog). a policeman.
            copper-bottomed financially safe: Shares in a
            copper-bottomed company.
            coppers p/. STK. EXCH. copper shares.

            copy (1) matter to be set up in type or to be
            reproduced in print. (2) ADVTG. the words used
            in an advertisment. See also blind copy; carbon
            copy; fair copy; master copy; office copy.

            copy order com. a document sent by a supplier
            to a buyer who has ordered goods, telling him
            exactly what items are being supplied, at what
            prices and on what conditions. See invoice;
            bill.

            copyright Law a legal right, possessed by no
            one else, of publishing or reproducing a literary
            (of books and writing), artistic or musical work,
            and of preventing anyone else from doing so.
            The first owner of a copyright is the person
            who creates the work (brings it into existence),
            e.g. the writer of a book or article. Copyright
            can be assigned, but only in writing. It normally
            lasts for the life of the person who creates the
            work and for 50 years after his death. Cf.
            patent.
            copyright notice the sign ©, followed by the
            name of the owner of the copyright and the
            year of first publication, appearing usu. on the
            back of the title-page, in all books claiming
            copyright protection.

            copy-typist a person trained to use a typewriter
            to type from handwritten, typewritten or
            printed matter, but who does not use shorthand
            or a tape-recording. Cf. audio-typist; steno-
            typist; shorthand-typist.

            copywriter ADVTG. a person writing material
            for advertisements.

            core workers MAN. the section of a workforce
            regarded as most necessary. Such workers may
            enjoy better employment conditions than
            others, but may be expected to do different
            kinds of work, or to work at odd times or in
            different places. Opp. peripheral workers.

            Corn. Cornwall, England.

            corn (1) in Britain, a collective word for the

            Ne eee

            iety Bank

            cereal food-grains, i.e. those obtained from
            grass-like plants, esp. wheat, oats, barley, rye,
            maize. (2) in U.S.A. the word means maize
            only.

            corn and dry measure (Britain) a measure of
            volume used for non-liquid substances. Cf
            liquid measure. See table on page 544.

            corn chandler com. a dealer in corm, i.e. wheat,
            oats, barley, rye, maize, etc. as food-grains.

            corner v. (1) COM. & STK. EXCH. to obtain contro]
            of the price of an article, commodity, stock or
            share, by buying up all supplies and stocks of
            it in the market, thus forcing dealers who have
            contracts to meet to buy from the person who
            has cornered the market. (2) generally, any
            action which will raise prices by bringing a
            monopoly into existence. See also engross (2);
            forestalling.

            n. To form a corner in (a certain share or com-
            modity).

            Corn Laws ECON. HIST. in Britain, a series of
            laws which controlled the international trade
            in corn, esp. those that prevented free imports
            into England during the eighteenth and early
            nineteenth centuries. The law of 1815 put an
            import duty on wheat when its price fell below
            80s. a quarter, as a way of keeping prices high
            to protect home farmers. The high price of
            bread caused much misery. The struggle of the
            Anti-Corn Law League resulted in the repeal
            (ending) of the Corn Laws in 1846. See Anti-
            Corn Law League.

            corporate bond see under bond.

            corporate culture MAN. the equivalent at com-
            pany level of a national culture: a mix of
            values, expectations, styles and practices which
            is often summed up as ‘the way we do things
            around here’. Much of the success of Japanese
            business in the 1980s has been put down to a
            management of corporate culture, which unites
            workers in the company and gains loyalty from
            the individual. This has been compared with
            what is viewed by some as the divisive (causing
            disunity) and overly self-critical nature of many
            westernized organizations.

            corporate identity MAN. the graphic represen-
            tation of a company’s name or the symbol by
            which it is known, which will, for instance,
            always appear on the company’s letterhead.
            Syn. logo(-gram).

            corporate image MAN. the face which a com-
            pany presents to the public, e.g. chemical com-
            panies try to convey an image of responsibility
            and caring, to act against the possibly
            unfriendly image people have of chemicals
            and chemical factories. Usu. achieved through
            advertising and public relations, most com-
            panies now define the corporate image they
            wish to convey to the public.

            corporate planning see under planning.

            corporate raider see raider.



                evince -p 156 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            corporate saving see under saving.

            corporate seal see common seal.

            corporate sector ECON. in a mixed economy,

            that part of the economy that is owned and
            operated by corporate organizations such as
            publicly-owned corporations and privately-
            owned companies. Cf. personal sector; private
            sector; public sector.

            corporate state ECON. a system of government
            under which all economic power is held by
            large state corporations, such as existed in
            Fascist Italy under Mussolini. Syn. corporative
            state.

            corporate strategy see under strategy.

            corporate venturing IND. the process of look-
            ing for new ventures in which to invest. The
            term is esp. applied to large companies who
            put venture capital into small specialist busi-
            nesses 1n the hope that these businesses will
            provide a new product or service which can
            then be used by the parent.

            corporation (1) LAW a group of persons who
            have formed themselves into an association
            which itself has by law a separate legal exist-
            ence or artificial personality quite different
            from the persons who compose it. The law
            allows it to continue to exist indefinitely
            although its members (shareholders) may
            change. It has a name and can express its will
            by fixing its common seal on written docu-
            ments. Syn. body corporate; company.
            chartered corporation one brought into exist-
            ence by royal charter.
            global corporation one that sells the same prod-
            ucts or services throughout the world, without
            changing them to suit any particular local mar-
            ket. Cf. multinational.
            multinational corporation see under multina-
            tional. |
            non-stock corporation (U.S.A.) one that has
            members but no capital and therefore no stock-
            holders. Such organizations include mutual
            corporations (see mutual insurance and mutual
            savings bank) which divide any profits among
            members, and non-profit corporations which
            exist for the purpose of helping the poor or
            relieving suffering.
            professional corporation in U.S.A., partner-
            ships of professional persons such as doctors,
            lawyers, accountants, that have been incorpo-
            rated for tax purposes. Such corporations and
            their members must put the abbr. P.C. after
            their name.
            Statutory corporation one brought into exist-
            ence by Act of Parliament.
            (2) in U.S.A., a business organization equiva-
            lent to a limited company in Britain.

            corporation aggregate LAW a corporation
            that consists of a number of persons, not just
            one single person. Cf. corporation sole. _

            corporation sole Law in Britain, the holder of


            cost - 145

            one of certain public offices, such as the Crown,
            the public trustee, and a bishop or priest,
            who is treated by law as having an artificial
            personality separate from his real personality.
            Thus any contracts he may make are not bind-
            ing on him after he retires but are binding on
            those persons who follow him in the office. Cf.
            corporation aggregate.

            corporation stock see under stock.

            corporation tax see under tax.

            corporative state see corporate state.

            corporatization LAW & PUB. FIN. of state-owned
            enterprises, the process of forming, or of being
            formed into, an independent corporation.

            corporeal hereditament see under heredita-
            ment.
            correct v. ACCTS. to put right: We have corrected
            the mistake in our ledgers. Syn. rectify; adjust.
            N. correction. |

            correction FIN. & STK. EXCH. a change aimed at
            putting right something, e.g. a market price
            level, which may be too high or too low and
            which will sooner or later be changed by the
            forces of supply and demand.

            correspond (1) ACCTS. of figures, to be in agree-
            ment: The entries in the cash book correspond
            with the vouchers. Syn. (U.S.A.) check. (2) to
            exchange letters, cables, etc. with somebody.

            correspondence com. (1) the writing, receiving
            and answering of letters: He is good at corre-
            spondence. (2) letters being received and
            answered: Have you any correspondence for me’?
            You must attend to your correspondence more
            promptly.
            correspondence clerk an office employee who
            deals with the writing, receiving, answering
            and filing of letters and other documents.

            correspondent (1) BKG. a bank which is an
            agent for another bank, esp. one which acts as
            agent in a foreign town, of a bank which
            has no branch there. In U.S.A., a bank that
            provides services to another (usu. smaller) bank
            by giving advice, clearing cheques, dealing in
            securities and foreign exchange and arranging
            loans. (2) COM. a person from whom one
            receives news, information, reports: A news-

            _ paper correspondent. (3) a person or organiza-
            tion with whom one has regular business
            relations, usu. in a foreign country.

            corrupt COMP. of data, that which contains
            errors, perh. caused by faults in transmission
            or poor storage conditions.

            corruption Law bribery.

            ‘corset’ BKG. & FIN. the popular name for con-
            trols put by the British Government in 1973
            on the total amount of bank credit (the amount
            that the banks may lend to their customers),
            thus limiting the amount of money in circu-
            lation when inflation tends to be rising. These
            controls were removed in 1980.

            cost (1) CoM. the price paid for something: Ar



                evince -p 157 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &


            146 - cost

            cost, at the bare price paid, with nothing added
            for profit, etc. (2) ECON. the real effort and
            sacrifice needed to produce goods and services.
            See also costs, pl. (3) AccTS. the value given for
            accounting purposes to the stock of an article
            or commodity at the end of an accounting
            period. In a retail business the cost 1s usu,
            taken to be prime cost, i.e. the price paid to
            the supplier, but other amounts to cover storage
            and transport are sometimes added. In a manu-
            facturing business the cost is usu. prime cost
            or production cost.

            accounting cost ECON. the cost, expressed in
            units of money, of making or obtaining goods
            or services, as distinguished from economic
            cost.

            alternative-use cost see opportunity cost below.
            average cost (a) ECON. see separate entry. (6)
            ACCTS. the total cost of goods held in stock
            divided by the number of the goods or units of
            goods. Syn. unit cost.

            carrying cost IND. & ACCTS. the cost of owning
            assets such as machines, equipment, buildings,
            stocks of raw materials and of finished prod-
            ucts, etc., all of which (a) need to have money
            spent on them to keep them in good condition
            and (5) lock up money that was spent on
            buying or making them. Carrying cost can be
            measured by calculating the interest this money
            could earn if lent. Syn. cost of possession.
            constant cost see fixed cost below.

            current cost see replacement cost below.

            direct cost IND. one which is directly related to
            the production of a particular article or unit of
            output, and which therefore varies in pro-
            portion to the number of articles or units prod-
            uced. Syn. variable cost. Cf. fixed cost.
            economic cost ECON. the economist’s view of
            cost as compared with the accountant’s view.
            It is usu. greater than the accounting or money
            view because it includes opportunity cost, not
            taken notice of by the accountant. It thus
            represents what is really sacrificed. The
            accountant counts up only the actual sums of
            money spent on the factors of production used
            in making a given quantity of a given product.
            If the producer uses his own capital for this,
            the accountant will not include interest charges
            because none were paid. But the economist
            would take note of the sacrifice that the pro-
            ducer has made in using his own capital and
            would include in his economic cost an interest
            charge equal to the amount of interest the
            producer would have received if he had lent
            his capital out at interest. See opportunity cost
            below.

            extra cost see marginal cost below.

            first cost see prime cost below.

            fixed cost IND. one that does not vary with
            ad (the volume of goods produced); a cost
            . at has to be paid whether anything is prod-


            uced or not. Syn. indirect cost; oncost; burden:
            (U.S.A.) period cost; constant cost; Standby
            cost.

            flat cost see prime cost below.

            historic(al) cost the original cost of an asset.
            See also current cost accounting.

            implicit cost ECON. & MAN. the cost that is extra
            to main costs and is usu, unrecorded or hidden,
            such as the cost of the services performed by
            the owner of a business in managing it.
            incremental cost see marginal cost below.
            indirect cost see fixed cost above.

            landed cost the cost, insurance, freight price
            and all other charges including import duty.
            marginal cost ECON. the extra cost of increasing
            the output (or volume of goods produced) by
            one more unit. Syn. extra cost; incremental
            cost. |

            opportunity cost ECON. in economic theory, the
            cost of something that one has decided not to
            take an opportunity to buy. Because the supply
            of economic goods is limited, a person has
            continually to make choices, to satisfy one
            want and to leave another (or alternative) want
            unsatisfied; to buy e.g. an overcoat and to do
            without buying a radio. The real or opportunity
            cost of the overcoat is the cost of the radio that
            the person has sacrificed the opportunity of
            possessing. Similarly, a manufacturer will
            decide to produce one kind of article and not
            to produce another. The real or opportunity
            cost of the article he produces is the cost of the
            article he would have produced if he had not
            sacrificed his opportunity to use his factors of
            production differently. The concept of oppor-
            tunity cost is of great importance in economics
            because it influences every decision in which
            a scarcity of means and a choice between
            alternatives play their part. See economic cost
            above. Syn. real cost; alternative-use cost;
            transfer earnings.

            overhead cost IND. & COM. the expenses of
            running a business; those costs that cannot
            be directly related to the separate products
            produced, or bought and sold, by the business.
            See overheads.

            period cost see fixed cost above.

            prime cost IND. & COM. (a) the amount spent on
            materials, labour and other expenses in actually
            manufacturing a product. Cf. production cost.
            (6) the price paid by a trader for what he buys.
            Syn. first cost; flat cost; shut-down cost.
            production cost IND. the prime cost added to
            the factory overhead expenses. Cf. prime cost.
            real cost see opportunity cost above.
            replacement cost IND. the present market price
            of a similar partly-used asset to replace an old,
            unusable asset. Syn. current cost.

            running cost see direct cost above.

            shut-down cost see prime cost above.

            single cost IND. the cost of production per unit




                evince -p 158 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            of output.
            standby cost see fixed cost above.

            total cost IND. & COM. the production cost added
            to the expenses of selling and distributing the
            product and of the administration of the busi-
            ness.
            unit cost see average cost.
            variable cost see direct cost above.

            cost accountant see accountant. |

            cost accounting accTs. the keeping of special
            accounts to record the cost of making and
            selling the products of a business and of run-
            ning it. The work of a cost accountant. See
            also current cost accounting.

            cost and freight com. words used in foreign
            trade contracts meaning the price paid to the
            seller includes packing and freight to a named
            port of destination, but does not include
            insurance, the cost of which must be borne by
            the buyer. If the goods are sold c. & f. landed,
            the seller has to bear the cost of getting the
            goods unloaded from the ship, including wharf-
            age and lighterage charges. Abbr. c.& f.; Cf.;
            c.a.f.; c.1.f.

            cost-benefit analysis a systematic method of
            examining and valuing a planned course of
            action, esp. one needing investment of large
            sums of money, such as a new motorway or
            airport, to decide whether it is worth the cost.
            This is done partly by discounting the future
            expected costs to obtain the probable present
            value (see discounting (2)), and partly by an
            attempt at measuring the money value of the
            social advantages, such as the saving in time,
            petrol, human lives, and the social disadvan-
            tages such as noise, smoke, dirt, loss of farm
            land, etc. Abbr. C.B.A.

            cost centre FIN. any part of an organization
            which operates separately and for which
            accounts can therefore be kept separately for
            control purposes. It is like a profit centre except
            for the fact that it is not expected to make a
            profit.

            cost concept ACCcTs. the basic guiding rule in
            accounting, that assets are normally recorded
            at the cost price or market value, whichever is
            lower, and that increases in the value of assets
            are usually not taken notice of.

            cost-effective MAN. & ACCTS. in planning future
            investment of money in a business, the man-
            agement will choose to spend the money in
            such a way as to get the highest possible returns
            from it, i.e. to make the investment as cost-
            effective as possible.

            cost efficiency MAN. the reduction of costs by
            a planned use of resources. E.g., by merging
            two companies into one, certain overheads
            are reduced or removed and cost efficiency
            achieved.

            Coster CoM. a street-trader, usu. of fruit and

            cost-of-living bonus - 147

            vegetables, from a hand-cart. Syn. coster-
            monger; hawker; barrow-boy.

            cost inflation see under inflation.

            costing ACCTS. & IND. finding out the cost of
            making and selling a product or of performing
            a service.
            batch costing see under batch.
            full costing see absorption costing.
            job costing see separate entry.
            life-cycle costing see separate entry.

            cost, insurance, freight Com. in foreign trade
            contracts the seller’s price includes all charges
            and risks up to the point where the ship carry-
            ing the goods arrives at the port of destination.
            From that point the buyer has to bear all
            charges and risks, including unloading costs,
            lighterage and wharfage, unless these have
            been included in the freight or collected by the
            shipowners when the freight was paid. If the
            contract states that the goods are sold c.i/.
            landed, the unloading costs, lighterage and
            wharfage are borne by the seller. Syn. (French)
            c.a.f. Abbr. c.i.f.; C.1.F. |
            cost, insurance, freight and commission as c.i.f
            but the price also includes the commission
            payable to the exporter when acting as a buying
            agent for the foreign buyer. Abbr. c.i.f. and c.
            cost, insurance, freight and commission and
            interest as c.i.f. and c. but the price also
            includes interest charged by the seller’s bank
            for negotiating the bill of exchange relating to
            the goods. Abbr. c.i.f. and c. and i.
            cost, insurance, freight and exchange as c.i-f.
            but the price also includes exchange, which
            may mean either that the price will stay
            unchanged in spite of future movements in the
            rate of exchange, or that the price includes
            banker’s commission, i.e. the same as c.i.f. and
            c. Abbr. c.i.f. and e.

            cost leadership MAN. a corporate plan which
            bases a company’s competitive advantage on
            the fact that it can produce goods at a lower
            cost than any of its competitors. It can then
            either sell them more Cheaply and have the
            leading market share, or match the prices in
            the market and enjoy greater profitability.

            cost of control AccTs. & FIN. the cost of gaining
            control of the assets of a company, i.e. another
            name for goodwill.

            cost of goods sold accts. the difference
            between the total of the opening stock plus
            purchases during the period, and the total value
            of unsold stock at the end of the period, which
            can be calculated only after stocktaking. See
            trading account. Syn. cost of sales: cost of
            merchandise sold.

            cost of living ECON. the amount of money paid
            by a person or family for food, clothing and
            other things necessary to be able to live at a
            certain standard of living.

            cost-of-living bonus coM. & IND. a bonus


                evince -p 159 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &


            148 - cost-of-living index

            dition to ordinary pay,
            ements in the
            f living allow-

            (extra money) paid in ad
            the amount depending on mov
            cost-of-living index. A/so cost 0

            ance. ial syle ee
            cost-of-living index ECON. a means of measur

            ing changes in the cost of living by using index
            numbers. See Index of Retail Prices, Consumer
            Price Index; index number(s).

            cost of merchandise sold see cost of goods

            sold. 3
            cost of possession see carrying cost under

            cost.
            Cost of Production Theory of Value ECON.
            THEORY the idea argued by some of the later
            classical economists of the nineteenth century,
            that in the absence of monopoly, and in the
            long run, value in exchange, or price, is depen-
            dent on the cost of production. Modern econ-
            omists do not accept this view because it 1s
            much too simple; it takes no account of the
            effect of supply and demand or of the scale of
            production. Cf. Labour Theory of Value.
            cost of sales see cost of goods sold.
            cost per thousand ADVTG. a method of com-
            paring the costs of advertisements in different
            media by calculating for each the cost of adver-
            tising to each thousand readers, viewers, etc.
            (based upon circulation figures). Abbr. C.P.T.
            cost-plus com. of a contract price, a promise
            to supply at cost plus an agreed percentage of
            the cost, or at cost plus an agreed fee. Such
            agreements are made only when the cost is not
            known at the time when the agreement is
            made.
            cost price see under price.
            costs (1) LAW the amounts which the party who
            wins a lawsuit is ordered by the court to be
            paid by the losing party to meet the actual
            expenses of bringing or defending the action:
            Judgment was entered, with costs, for the plaintiff.
            (2) ECON. payments to the factors of production.
            avoidable costs see variable costs below.
            constant costs see fixed costs below.
            Decreasing Costs, Law of see separate entry.
            distributive costs see separate entry.
            fixed costs those that do not vary with output
            (the volume of goods produced); costs that
            have to be paid whether or not anything is
            produced. Syn. constant costs; permanent
            costs; sunk costs: supplementary costs:
            unavoidable costs.
            Increasing Costs, Law of see Diminishing
            Returns, Law of.
            overhead costs variable costs that are not
            directly related to a particular article produced,
            but are costs which are common to a number
            of other articles, Syn, overheads; running costs.
            permanent costs see fixed costs above.
            prime costs see variable costs below.

            ae or recurring costs see variable costs


            running costs see overhead costs above.

            selling costs see separate entry.

            standard costs see separate entry.

            sunk costs see fixed costs above.
            supplementary costs see fixed costs above.
            transaction costs expenses that have to be paid

            in making a transaction, e.g. broker’s com.
            mission and stamp duty when buying or selling
            securities.

            unavoidable costs see fixed costs above.
            variable costs costs such as materials, labour,
            power, which vary in proportion to the output
            or volume of goods produced by a business.
            Syn. avoidable costs; prime costs; recurrent or
            recurring costs. | ae,

            cottage industry IND. an industry which is
            carried on in the worker’s home, such as pot-
            tery, weaving, and the making of toys, watches
            and clocks. Syn. home industry. See domestic
            system. : :

            couchette (1) TOUR. a sleeping-berth on a train
            or ship. (2) a compartment containing one or
            more sleeping-berths. See berth.

            cough up (collog.) to hand over, to pay money
            unwillingly.

            Coulisse STK. EXCH. in the Paris Bourse, a group
            of unofficial dealers in stocks and shares. Cf.
            Parquet.

            Council for Mutual Economic Assistance
            see COMECON.

            Councilof Arab Economic Unity an organiza-
            tion that sets up and supports Arab companies
            running joint ventures in mining, medical
            products, agriculture and food production,
            tourism and general investment in industry.

            Council of Economic Advisers ECON. in
            U.S.A., an official body of three persons
            appointed by the President with the approval
            of the Senate, to advise the President on eco-
            nomic matters.

            Council of Ministers the decision-making
            body of the European Economic Community
            (E.E.C.), consisting of a representative of each
            member country, and acting on the proposals
            made by the European Commission.

            counsel Law a professional advocate in a court
            of law in England, commonly given the title
            ‘barrister’ or, if senior, ‘King’s/Queen’s Coun-
            sel’. Abbr K.C./Q.C. Pl. counsel. In Scotland,
            advocate.

            counselling MAN. the process of providing an
            employee with personal advice or guidance on
            a private basis. Counselling often entails a
            periodic meeting with an adviser to discuss
            work-related or personal problems. See also
            contracting.

            counsel's opinion see under opinion.

            counter n. in a shop or bank, a long flat table
            or board on which goods are placed or on
            which business is done, usu. with the customer
            on one side and the shopkeeper or assistant on


                evince -p 160 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            Oa

            the other. See bargain-counter under bargain;

            trade counter. |
            across/over the counter in the ordinary course

            of trade; said of consumer goods being sold in
            shops. Across-the-counter sales, retail sales.
            over-the-counter market see under market.
            under the counter hidden from sight; said of
            scarce or forbidden goods sold secretly only to
            favoured customers.
            vy. to oppose; to work or act against.
            counter-bid Com. a bid made against another
            bid, esp. at an auction sale. See bid.
            counter check BKG. in U.S.A., a cheque or
            receipt signed by a bank customer when draw-
            ing cash out of his account over the bank
            counter.
            counter-claim Law a claim for damages made
            by a defendant against the claim(s) of the
            plaintiff in a lawsuit.
            counterfeit made in imitation of the real thing,
            but with intention to deceive: A counterfeit
            cheque/bank-note/coin. Counterfeit goods. See
            base coins. Syn. forged. See counterfeit money
            under money.
            counterfoil CoM. & BKG. that part of a leaf
            which is kept in a book when the other part
            of the leaf (containing a cheque, receipt, order
            or other document) is torn out. Syn. stub; butt;
            heel.
            counter-inflationary ECON. & FIN. aimed to
            reduce inflation. Syn. anti-inflationary.
            counter-jumper (collog.) a salesman or shop
            assistant serving customers at a counter.
            countermand (1) BKG. to direct one’s banker
            to stop payment of a cheque. The banker is
            liable if he fails to obey the drawer’s direction,
            unless the cheque has already been certified or
            marked at the drawer’s request. Syn. to stop.
            See stopped cheque under cheque. (2) COM. to
            cancel (an order for goods). See cancel.
            counterpart (1) LAW an exact copy of a docu-
            ment such as a lease or contract, each party
            having his own copy which has been signed by
            the other party. (2) MAN. see opposite number.
            counter-productive IND. & COM. resulting in
            lower production; acting against what is
            desired; producing a result opposite to that
            which is desired: To employ more workers is
            sometimes counter-productive, they may, e.g. get
            in one another’s way.
            counterpurchase CoM. in countertrade, a deal
            in which two parties agree to sign separate
            contracts, one to buy certain stated goods and
            the other to sell and deliver other, quite diffe-
            rent, goods to an agreed value in return, pay-
            ment in money being made separately under
            each contract. See also countertrade.
            countersign COM. & BKG. to sign on the other
            side or in addition to a signature by someone
            else, in order to give a document, such as a

            Cournot - 149

            cheque, more authority than it would have if
            signed by only one person.
            countertrade Com. a word that covers various
            kinds of agreement between countries by which
            they exchange goods or services with each
            other, i.e. international barter. See back-to-
            back; barter; buy-back; clearing agreement;
            counterpurchase; offset; switch-trading. |
            countervailing credit see under credit (3).
            countervailing duty TAXN. & COM. an import
            duty aimed to protect an industry from foreign
            competition, esp. when a foreign country pays
            its exporters an export bounty. Syn.
            countervailing tariff; matching duty.
            countervailing power see Galbraith, J.K.
            counting-frame see abacus.
            counting-house ACCTS. see cash department.
            country adj. (in India & Pakistan) locally made;
            produced in the country, not foreign: Country
            boat/craft, small fishing-boats. Country liquor,
            locally-made strong drink. 7
            country risk BKG. the risk that an importer wil!
            not be able to pay an exporter in the exporter's
            currency, because the importer’s central bank
            will not release the necessary foreign exchange.
            Nigeria and Brazil have at different times been
            widely known for this.
            county court LAw in England, a local court of
            civil, not criminal, law, lower in importance
            than the High Court, meeting in the larger
            towns for the trial of claims in contract and
            tort arising in the local district. It tries cases
            concerning payment of small debts, ownership
            of land, disputes about wills and disputes
            between landlord and tenant, and makes orders
            for winding up small companies. Cases relating
            to sums above a certain figure (e.g. £750) have
            to be tried in the High Court; appeals from
            county courts go to the Court of Appeal.
            coupon n. (1) STK. EXCH. one of a number of slips
            of paper that are separated from a bearer bond
            or bearer debenture and used to claim payment
            of interest on the date when it becomes due.
            (2) STK. EXCH. the rate of interest paid on a
            fixed-interest security (see high coupon). Cum
            coupon, see under cum. (3) ADVTG. a ticket, label
            or other slip of paper that can be used by a
            consumer to obtain something either free or
            at a reduced price, for example Cigarette/gift
            coupons. A/so money-off coupon.
            v. the practice of issuing coupons to consumers,
            see coupon (3) above. Our company has decided
            to coupon some of its products; we are going in
            jor couponing.
            coupon bond see under bond, n.
            courier (1) TOUR. a person employed to travel
            with parties of tourists and to make arrange-
            ments for their comfort. Cf. guide. (2) a person
            or organization that provides a special delivery
            service for messages, parcels, etc.
            Cournot Antoine-Augustin (1801-77), French



                evince -p 161 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &


            150 - courtage

            mathematician and eco

            nomist, who first intro-
            a means of solving eco-
            hat of price equilibrium
            and perfect compe-

            duced mathematics as

            nomic problems, esp. t

            under monopoly, duopoly
            tition. eis 3

            rtage see brokerage. i |

            ee adj. COM. (of something supplied) free

            i : Please accept
            of charge; given as 4 favour
            the enclosed courtesy copy (of a book)/courtesy

            tickets (for the theatre). , |
            n. something given or done without charge:

            We shall be happy to extend you this courtesy,
            to do this for you free of charge. See also
            complimentary

            Court of Admiralty see Admiralty Court.

            Court of Appeal Law since 1966 the Court
            of Appeal in Britain has consisted of two
            divisions — criminal and civil. The criminal
            division under the Lord Chief Justice hears
            appeals in criminal cases from the Crown
            Court. The civil division under the Master of
            the Rolls hears civil appeals from the High
            Court and county courts. Appeals from the
            Court of Appeal go to the House of Lords. Syn.
            Appeal Court.

            Court of Queen’s Bench Law in Britain, a
            division of the High Court of Justice that hears
            only civil cases. Syn. King’s Bench. Abbr. Q.B.

            court order see order (5).

            Coit, assurance, fret (French, cost, in-
            surance, freight) see cost, insurance, freight.
            Abbr. c.a.f.

            covenant LAw (1) a solemn agreement in the
            form of a deed, binding the parties to perform
            some stated duty or duties (positive covenant) or
            not to perform certain acts (restrictive or nega-
            tive covenant) or to pay money. See also deed
            of covenant. (2) one of the conditions or duties
            contained in such a deed.

            covenanted employee/servant one bound
            by a covenant to serve in a position of special
            trust.

            cover n. (1) an envelope or wrapper: We are
            sending (something) under separate cover, in a
            separate envelope or wrapper.
            registered cover an envelope sent by registered
            post.
            (2) BKG. & FIN. security for money lent or
            against a possible loss. Syn. collateral. (3) BKG.
            the amount of notes and coin needed by a bank
            to meet the demands of its customers. Syn.
            cash requirement. (4) INSCE. in Britain, protec-
            tion by insurance against risk of loss: To take
            oul cover, to arrange an insurance. The policy
            gives cover against burglary. (5) INSCE. the range
            or scale of protection given to the insured under
            eat so dane bunk oa
            mn not against frost. We
            | increase the amount of insurance cover to
            include our new machinery. Syn. (U.S.A.)
            age. See also open cover (6) eee

            . (6) STK. EXCH. the

            Ci

            QD QQ 09006 on0


            —-

            relation between a company’s net earnings ang
            its dividend payments; this is a measure of the
            basic strength of the company’s shares. Tp,
            dividend is twice covered if half the net earning,
            are distributed. (7) STK. EXCH. a deposit of
            money or securities required by a stockbroker
            to protect him against loss in carrying on mar-
            ket dealings as agent for a client, esp. if the
            dealings are risky. (8) IND. REL. the provision
            of workers to take the place of other workers
            when they are absent, e.g. during sick leave o,
            lunch breaks. The issue of cover is often an
            important point when manpower levels are
            ing negotiated.
            m eee insure: Jo hold covered, to declare
            to an insured person that he is covered by
            insurance although the cover-note and the pol-
            icy documents have not yet been prepared. We
            confirm that we hold your house covered against
            fire risks for £80,000.
            to cover oneself to protect oneself, e.g. by
            demanding a security for a loan or a liability.
            overage (U.S.A.) see cover, n. (5).
            over-charge TOUR. in some restaurants, a
            charge of so much for each cover (place laid
            for a person at a table) is added to the bill.
            overed bear STK. EXCH. a bear (investor who
            sells shares in expectation of a fall in price)
            who possesses enough securities to meet his
            contracts without risk of having to buy in a
            rising market in order to do so. Syn. protected
            bear.
            overing see hedging.
            overing letter a letter that is sent with some-
            thing explaining why the thing has been sent:
            Send him a sample of our new product with a
            covering letter. Cf. compliments slip.
            over-note INSCE. an acknowledgment in writ-
            ing from an insurance company proving that
            a certain insurance contract exists. It is a tem-
            porary document intended to be used until the
            policy itself has been drawn up and issued to
            the insured. In motor insurance, a cover-note
            acts as a temporary certificate of insurance.
            Abbr. C/N.
            owrie FIN. the very hard, smooth shell of a
            small sea-snail once used as money in some
            parts of Africa and Asia, esp. Thailand. Syn.
            cowry. Pl. cowries. See commodity money.
            p. compare.
            -P. carriage paid; central processor; charter-
            party.
            /P. charter-party.
            ._P. candle-power.

            «P.A. certified public accountant; claims pay-
            able abroad; critical path analysis.

            sien Consumer Price Index; characters per
            inch.

            P/M comp. a common operating system for

            microcomputers. Cf. MS-DOS; UNIX. See
            operating system.


                evince -p 162 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            p.S. cents per share; characters per second.

            .P.T. cost per thousand. —

            p.U. central processing unit. | |
            C.R. current rate; company’s risk; carrier's risk

            - cash receipts.

            Cr. er. credit. |
            craft (1) sHIPG. any small boat or ship such as a

            lighter, barge, launch.
            aircraft see aircraft.
            marine craft a boat.
            (2) IND. a means of earning a living by doing
            skilled work by hand as well as by machine,
            and needing some taste and cleverness. Syn.
            handicraft.

            craft guild see guild.

            craft port SHIPG. a port where ships cannot tie
            up at a wharf so have to unload their cargo
            into lighters or other small craft. Syn. overside
            port; surf port. See barge port under port.

            craftsman IND. a skilled workman in a craft.
            Syn. artisan; handicraftsman. Cf. artist. Pi.
            -men.

            craftsmanship IND. the quality of something
            made by a craftsman: The furniture is of excel-
            lent craftsmanship.

            craft union IND. REL. a trade union, usu. a small
            union, whose members all practise the same
            craft or trade, esp. one needing a long training
            and much skill, such as printing. Members of
            such unions usu. work for various employers.
            By controlling the rate of entry, esp. by limiting
            apprenticeship, and thus keeping low the sup-
            ply of skilled labour, these unions are often
            very powerful. Cf. industrial union.

            cran COM. a unit of measurement for herrings,
            expressing the quantity of fresh fish that will
            fill a barrel. See barrel.

            cranage SHIPG. charges that have to be paid to
            a port authority for the use of cranes.

            crane a machine for lifting and moving heavy
            loads, esp. on building sites, ships and in har-
            bours. Syn. derrick; hoist.

            crash (1) FIN. & STK. EXCH. the sudden and severe
            financial failure of a business, or fall of prices
            on the stock and commodity exchanges: A
            bank crash. The crash on Wall Street. A crash
            in coffee prices. Syn. collapse. (2) COMP. a break-
            down in the working of a computer system.

            Crat€ TRANSPT. an open wooden packing-case
            having a strong frame to which strips of wood
            are fixed with spaces between, leaving the
            contents well protected from knocks but not
            fully enclosed. Cf. closed case. Abbr. ct(s).

            crawling peg see under peg.

            create to bring into existence; to make for the
            first time.
            to create credit BKG. to make or increase pur-
            chasing power by allowing overdrafts and mak-
            ing loans. |
            to create reserves FIN. to put aside some of the
            Profits of a business to form a reserve either

            Oa

            = — ee eee | ———————

            credit - 151

            for a special purpose, such as buying a new
            asset, or for distributing later as a return of
            capital to the shareholders.
            to create a trust see trust, n. (5).

            creative accounting ACCTS. the use of account-
            ing policies and practices that make the figures
            appear better than they might otherwise. Syn.
            window-dressing. |

            credentials (1) one or more letters and other
            documents which prove that a person is what
            he says he is. (2) a letter supporting a person’s
            character and ability.

            credit 7. (1) BKG. any arrangement with a bank
            by which the bank will accept and pay bills of
            exchange for the customer. (2) a letter of credit.
            (3) BKG. any sum of money advanced by a bank
            and held in a bank account ready for the
            borrower to draw upon, in return for a promise
            to pay at some future date. See bank credit
            below. Abbr. Cr; cr.
            acceptance credit see under acceptance (5). —
            bank credit bank loans and overdrafts, 1.e.
            credit created by the banks, which is of great
            economic importance.
            clean credit a credit arrangement with a bank
            under which foreign buyers can draw bills of
            exchange which the bank agrees to accept on
            conditions stated in the credit document. The
            credit is said to be clean because no documents
            are joined to the bills drawn upon it. Only
            firms of the highest reputation are allowed such
            credits. Syn. open credit.
            confirmed credit see confirmed letter of credit.
            countervailing credit an arrangement in foreign
            trade by which a finance house advances
            money to a foreign buyer to help him pay for
            goods supplied by a foreign seller.
            documentary credit an arrangement between a
            bank and an exporter by which the bank will
            accept bills of exchange drawn by the exporter
            on the named overseas customer up to an
            agreed total amount on condition that the bills
            have with them certain shipping documents
            that will give the bank the right to possess the
            goods if the bills are dishonoured.
            fixed credit a bank credit against which can be
            drawn one or more amounts up to a fixed sum:
            when this sum has been reached, the credit
            is completely used up and is finished. Opp.
            revolving credit.
            irrevocable credit one that cannot be changed
            or cancelled. Opp. revocable credit.
            anda acceptance credit see under acceptance
            open credit see clean credit above.
            paper credit see separate entry.
            personal credit a person’s power to obtain goods
            on credit, i.e. to be paid for in the future.
            revocable credit one that can be changed or
            cancelled at any time. Opp. irrevocable credit.
            revolving credit a bank credit against which an



                evince -p 163 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            —— Pee r . ee — (ot a? Se ee a ee os ae

            152 - credit account

            unlimited amount can be drawn at any time;
            or a limited amount can be drawn at any one
            time but with no limit on the total; or a limited
            total amount that is automatically renewed as
            soon as debts are paid off. Opp. fixed credit.
            (4) COM. a system of trading on trust, the seller
            allowing payment to be made later. In hire-
            purchase agreements, credit generally means
            the cash price of the property, goods or services
            less any deposit paid when the agreement was
            signed, and /ess any trade-in value allowed.
            Syn. cost of credit. A promise to pay at some
            future time for goods bought or money bor-
            rowed now. (5) the length of time given by a
            seller to a buyer for payment for goods sold on
            trust: To buy or sell on credit.
            extended credit see separate entry.
            open credit unlimited credit, esp. where a sup-
            plier allows a trusted customer to buy as many
            goods as he wants without immediately paying
            for them, but on the understanding that pay-
            ment will be made after an agreed time. Cf.
            credit limit.
            plastic credit (collog.) the advantages that the
            user of a credit card has in (a) not having to
            draw a cheque for each purchase, (5) delaying
            payment on purchases until the date he has to
            pay his account with the card-issuing organiza-
            tion (usu. once a month).
            trade credit the time which a supplier gives
            his customer to pay for goods supplied. Syn.
            supplier credit. See also instalment credit.
            (6) FIN. the trust or confidence placed in a
            person with whom one deals: John Gilpin was
            a citizen of credit and renown, everybody trusted
            him and he was very well known. His credit is
            worthless, he cannot be trusted to pay.
            at his credit (money) ready to be called upon
            on demand.
            true cost of credit see finance rate.
            (7) ACCTS. an entry on the creditor (right-hand)
            side of an account recording a payment
            received. Opp. debit. Credit side of an account,
            the creditor (right-hand) side, as compared
            with the debit (left-hand) side. (8) TAXN. see
            tax credit. |
            vy. ACCTS. to enter on the creditor (right-hand)
            side of an account: We are crediting you with
            the value of goods returned. Please credit my
            account with interest on the loan. Opp. to debit.

            credit account COM. an arrangement with a
            shop, esp. a department store, by which the
            customer can buy goods up to an agreed value
            every month and is allowed to pay for them at
            the end of an agreed period, usu. monthly or
            quarterly. Syn. open account; (U.S.A.) charge
            account. Abbr. C.A.; C/A.

            credit agency Com. a commercial organization
            that, for a fee, supplies information about the
            financial strength of , and the degree of trust
            that can be placed in, business concerns and

            an <<

            private persons. Syn. mercantile agency; mer-
            cantile credit agency; credit bureau; enqui
            agent; status enquiry agency; credit reference |
            agency. Cf. debt collection agency.
            credit agent INSCE. an insurance agent who ig
            allowed credit by the insurance companies he
            represents, paying them usu, at the end of each
            quarter. Syn. account agent, accredited agent
            Cf. cash agent. See credit (4). |
            credit balance see under balance, n. (1).
            credit bank see credit co-operative under co.
            operative.
            credit bureau see credit agency.
            credit card COM. & BKG. a form of consumer
            credit, being a card issued by a bank or other
            finance organization which allows the customer
            to get credit at most shops, restaurants, gar-
            ages, hotels, etc. He shows the card and signs
            the bill, which is then paid by the concern
            issuing the card. The card-holder receives an
            account, usu. monthly, with all the bills for the
            period, and he has to pay this within a fixed
            number of days, after which interest ata high
            rate becomes payable. In Britain the main |
            credit cards are: Barclaycard (issued by Bar-
            clays Bank); Access, American Express. A
            number of other clearing banks also issue credit
            cards. See credit (1). Syn. plastic card (collog.).
            Cf. debit card. |
            credit control (1) FIN. & BKG. in U.S.A., action
            by a government, working through the banking
            system, to control the volume of credit, esp.
            the making of loans and allowing of overdrafts
            by the banks to the public. Syn. in Britain,
            monetary control. (2) COM. & ACCTS. in Britain,
            a department of a business under a credit con-
            troller responsible for preventing bad debts and
            for keeping the amount of overdue debts as
            small as possible; thus helping the business to
            make the greatest use of its working capital.
            See credit gap.
            credit co-operative see under co-operative.
            crédit export BKG. & FIN. in Belgium, an organi-
            zation that advances money to exporters.
            crédit foncier BKG. & FIN. in France, an organ-
            ization that makes loans of money, esp. in the
            building industry, against security of land and
            buildings, repayable by annual sums over a
            number of years. Cf. crédit mobilier; crédit
            hotelier.
            credit freeze see under freeze.

            credit gap Com. the gap or basic difference of
            interest between the buyer, who always desires
            to delay paying for goods as long as he can,
            and the supplier, who always wishes to get his
            money as early as possible. In foreign trade the
            instrument most useful in bridging this gap 1s
            the bill of exchange.

            Crédit Hotelier BkG. & FIN. in France, an

            organization making loans to the hotel, cater-
            ing and tourist industry.


                evince -p 164 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &


            credit information see banker's opinion.

            credit instrument see under instrument.

            credit, letter of see letter of credit. |

            credit limit COM. & ACCTS. the amount of credit
            that is allowed by a supplier to a particular
            customer. The limit applies both to the value
            of the goods which the customer may receive
            without immediately paying for them, and to
            the time allowed him to pay. See credit control.
            Cf. open credit. Syn. (U.S.A.) credit line.

            credit line (1) CoM. & ACCTS. the U.S.A. equiva-
            lent of credit limit in Britain. (2) an
            acknowledgment, printed in a book, magazine
            or newspaper, of the use made of copyright
            material.

            credit memorandum (U:S.A.) see credit note.

            crédit mobilier BKG. & FIN. in France, an organ-
            ization making loans of money to manufac-
            turers and traders on the security of movable
            property. Cf. crédit foncier.

            credit money BKG. (1) money in a bank
            account. (2) bank credit, i.e. purchasing power
            created by banks in making loans or allowing
            overdrafts to their customers. (3) bank-notes
            that cannot be exchanged for gold or other
            metal.

            credit note ACCTS. an acknowledgment (usu.
            printed in red) given by a supplier when a
            customer has been overcharged on an invoice,
            or has returned goods or containers for which
            he has the right to a credit. The credit note
            states the quantity and value of the goods
            concerned and the reason for the credit. Abbr.
            C/N. Syn. (U.S.A.) credit memorandum; cre-
            dit memo.

            creditor a person or organization to whom
            money iS owing.
            creditors p/. all those to whom a business owes
            money.
            general creditor in a case of bankruptcy, a
            creditor who is not a preferential creditor or a
            secured creditor. Syn. junior creditor; un-
            secured creditor; ordinary creditor.
            judgment creditor a creditor who has obtained
            a judgment in a court of law against a debtor
            for the payment of a debt.
            junior creditor see general creditor above.
            petitioning creditor see bankruptcy.
            preferential creditor a creditor who by law is
            paid first when the assets of a bankrupt are
            distributed. See preferential payments. Syn.
            senior creditor; (U.S.A.) preferred creditor.
            secured creditor a person holding a mortgage
            charge or lien on some or all of the property
            of the debtor as a security for a debt owing by
            the debtor. See unsecured creditor below.
            senior creditor see preferential creditor above.
            trade creditor ACCTS. a supplier who has not yet
            been paid for the goods or services he provided
            to a company.
            unsecured creditor a person who is owed a debt

            creditworthy - 153

            by a debtor but who holds no security if the
            debtor is made bankrupt. When a bankrupt’s
            property is shared out among his creditors, the
            unsecured or general creditors will not be paid
            anything until all the preferential and secured
            creditors’ debts have been paid in full. Syn.
            general creditor.
            creditor nation ECON. & FIN. in international
            trade, a nation that is owed more by other
            nations than it owes to them.
            creditors’ meeting see meeting of creditors.
            credit policy see under insurance policy.
            credit rating Com. a system of classifying cus-
            tomers and possible future customers according
            to their financial strength and the degree of
            trust that a supplier can place in them. Syn.
            credit status; credit standing.
            credits, frozen see frozen credits. |
            credit sale com. a sale for which payment will
            be made later, either as a lump sum on a certain
            date or by regular instalments over a period.
            Goods bought in this way become the property
            of the buyer as soon as they have been delivered
            to him. C.f. hire-purchase sale.
            credit slip see paying-in slip.
            credit society see credit co-operative under co-
            operative.
            credit squeeze ECON. & FIN. in Britain, the
            placing of a limit by the government on the
            amount of credit that banks can give to their
            customers as part of a policy to reduce total
            demand in the economy through control of the
            money supply. Syn. credit freeze.
            credit standing see credit rating.
            credit, standing see standing credit.
            credit status see credit rating.
            credit, tax see tax credit.
            credit token a voucher which can be exchanged
            for goods or services but not for money. It is
            often used as part of the payment system,
            providing employees with free or cheap use of
            their company’s services as a fringe benefit.
            credit transfer BKG. in Britain, a method of
            payment which makes it possible for any per-
            son to pay money into a clearing bank for the
            credit of the account of any customer of the
            banks operating the system. In 1967 the name
            of the credit transfer was changed to Bank
            Giro, with which was also merged the direct
            debiting system.
            credit union FIN. an association of persons with
            a Common interest, such as their work or the
            place where they live, who agree to save money
            regularly to build up a fund from which the
            members may borrow at a much lower rate of
            interest than that charged by banks, finance
            companies and other commercial lenders. Syn.
            local financial co-operative.
            credit voucher see paying-in slip.
            creditworthy adj. deserving of trust; certain to





                evince -p 165 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            154 - creeping control

            pay debts promptly, and therefore worthy of
            being allowed credit. N. creditworthiness.

            creeping control see under control.

            creeping inflation see under inflation. —

            Creole a language which began as a lingua
            franca or pidgin and has become the mother
            tongue of a particular group of people, such as
            the French spoken in Louisiana, U.S.A.

            Cres. Crescent.

            crew  SHIPG. _ specially-qualified persons
            employed in working a ship, sometimes except
            the officers: The officers are Egyptians and the
            crew are Scotsmen. Cf. aircrew; ground crew.

            crew list sHIPG. one of the ship’s papers; a list
            of the names and other details of every member
            of the crew of the ship and of her officers. Syn.
            muster roll.

            crime LAW an act which is of serious harm to
            the public and punishable under the law of the
            State. Cf. offence.

            criminal law Law that part of public law which
            controls acts which are harmful to the whole
            community, i.e. crimes.

            crisis a time of difficulty and anxiety, esp. in the
            economic life of a country: A /financial/
            economic/business crisis. A crisis of confidence.
            Pl. crises. See trade cycle under cycle.

            crisis management MAN. the management of
            an organizational crisis, esp. the task of restor-
            ing public confidence, e.g. a chemical company
            will have a crisis management plan to meet the
            possibility of an explosion in its factories which
            might affect local people.

            critical path analysis IND. & MAN. a method
            of planning a highly complicated operation
            such as the building of a bridge or a motorway.
            The whole work is divided into many separate
            steps each of which is represented on a chart
            by an arrow having a time value. The result is
            a series of parallel chains which come together
            at certain points. The chain taking the longest
            time is the ‘critical path’ because it determines
            the total length of the work. The chart shows
            the points at which various materials, tools,
            etc. will be needed, just when each step must
            be begun and completed, and by whom. Abbr.
            C.P.A. Syn. network analysis; critical path
            method (C.P.M.); Project Evaluation and
            Review Technique (PERT).

            croft AGR. a small farm, usu. on poor land, in
            the Highlands and Western Isles of Scotland.
            The farmer, called a crofter, is the tenant of
            a few enclosed arable fields surrounded by
            common land where his cattle and sheep and
            those of his neighbours can graze (eat the
            grass).

            crook (colloq.) a dishonest person; one in the
            habit of breaking the law: Do not trust him, for
            he is a crook.

            crooked (collog.) not straight; dishonest: not to

            be trusted: Every deal he makes proves to he
            crooked.

            crop (1) AGR. the produce from cultivated land
            such as grain, fruit and vegetables. (2) the
            amount harvested: A season’s crop of apples/
            corn/potatoes, etc. See also cash crop; main
            crop.

            crore in the Indo-Pakistan subcontinent, ten
            million (usu. of rupees) written as Rs
            1,00,00,000, being one hundred lakhs each of
            Rs. 100,000. A crore of rupees.

            cross v. BKG. to draw two parallel lines across
            the face of a cheque to direct the banker not
            to pay the value of the cheque in cash but only
            as a credit to a customer’s bank account. See
            crossed cheque under cheque.

            cross-cast see under cast.

            crossed cheque see under cheque.

            cross-examination see under examination.

            cross exchange see cross rate.

            cross-holding see under holding.

            cross rate FIN. the rate of exchange between

            two currencies, calculated by reference to a
            third currency. When the exchange rate
            between currencies is not the same as the
            cross rate there is a chance of obtaining some
            arbitrage. Syn. (U.S.A.) cross exchange; (Bri-
            tain) indirect parity.

            cross-trader SHIPG. a merchant ship that is
            owned and manned by persons of one country
            and which carries goods regularly between two
            or more other countries, e.g. the British-owned
            and manned Willowbank which regularly car-
            ries cargoes between U.S.A. and New Zealand
            ports.

            Crown (1) in Britain, the head of the State in
            the person of the king or queen acting as a
            corporation sole, i.e. a body having an exist-
            ence separate from that of the person who is
            its only member. Thus the Crown, represented
            by the monarch or sovereign (the king or
            queen), is the highest branch of the govern-
            ment. (2) FIN. in Britain, a large cupro-nickel
            coin worth 25 pence. (3) the English name for
            the standard unit of currency in Czechoslo-
            vakia (koruna), Denmark (krone), Norway
            (krone), Iceland and Sweden (krona).

            Crown Agents for Overseas Governments
            and Administrations (short title: Crown

            Agents) a British government organization that
            acts as agent for many foreign governments
            and other public services in buying goods and
            services, advising on financial and technical
            matters, and acting as bankers and investment
            managers.

            Crown Court Law in England, a local branch

            of the Supreme Court of Judicature with High

            Court judges trying cases in the main towns.

            Most of its work is on criminal cases but some

            is civil; all the criminal cases it tries come to


                evince -p 166 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            it from the magistrates’ courts. Appeals from
            the Crown Court go to the Court of Appeal.
            crown debt see under debt.

            crown jewels defence MAN. & FIN. a plan

            adopted by companies who are facing an

            unwelcome takeover bid. The company’s assets
            are sold cheaply to a friendly supporter, thus
            making the object company less attractive to
            purchase, and are only rebought when the
            threat of a takeover has disappeared.

            crown land in Britain, land owned by the
            Crown, the income from which is given to the
            government in return for an annual payment
            to the monarch under an Act called the Civil
            List.

            C.R.T. composite rate of tax.

            crude adj. (1) IND. raw; untreated: Crude sugar/
            rubber/oil. (2) ECON. uncorrected.
            crude death rate the actual number of deaths
            per thousand of the population, no allowance
            being made for the proportion of very young
            or very old people in the population.

            n. IND. crude, untreated, petroleum oil: The
            tanker is carrying crude.

            cruise@ TOUR. a voyage by ship from place to
            place for pleasure: A Mediterranean/Baltic/
            round-the-world/summer/winter, etc. cruise. A
            cruise liner/ship. See fly-cruise.

            C.S. Civil Service.

            c/S. cases.

            csk. cask.

            C.S.O. Central Statistical Office.

            C.S.T. Central Standard Time.

            Cstms. Customs.

            ct. cent; crate.

            CT Connecticut, U.S.A.

            C.T. corporation tax; cable transfer; counter
            trade.

            ctge. cartage.

            C.T.L. constructive total loss.

            Cts. crates; cents.

            C.T.T. capital transfer tax.

            Cu., Cub. cubic.

            cubic or solid measure measurement of vol-
            ume in cubic units, i.e. length multiplied by
            breadth multiplied by height. 1728 cubic inches
            = | cubic foot and 1000 cubic millimetres =
            1 cubic centimetre. See table on page 544.

            Cuisine TOUR. & COM. (1) cooking arrangements:
            The owner's wife looks after the cuisine. (2) way
            of cooking: We prefer French cuisine, food
            cooked the French way. (3) quality of cooking:
            Claridges (Hotel) is famous for its cuisine, for
            the quality of its meals.

            cultivated land aGr. land ploughed or other-
            wise prepared for growing crops.

            Culture (1) the development of the human body,
            mind and spirit. Adj. cultural. (2) aGR. the
            growing of crops.

            Cum. cumulative.

            Cum STK. EXCH. (Latin, with) when the price of

            currency - 155

            a security is quoted e.g. cum div. it means that
            the price includes the right to receive the next
            dividend or other benefit soon to fall due. Opp.
            ex (Latin, without).
            cum all with all benefits soon due.
            cum bonus with bonus shares soon to be issued.
            cum capitalization with capitalization (bonus)
            shares about to be issued. Abbr. cum cap.
            cum coupon (of a bond) with the coupon soon
            due for payment.
            cum distribution with the next income distri-
            bution or dividend. Abbr. cum dist.
            cum dividend with the next dividend. Abbr.
            c.d.; cum div.
            cum drawing (of bonds soon due to be drawn)
            with any rights that may come with the draw-
            ing, such as profit or premium.
            cum interest with the next interest payment.
            Abbr. cum int.
            cum new see cum rights below.
            cum rights with the rights issue soon due. Syn.
            cum new; with rights.
            Cumb. Cumbria, England.
            cum. pref. cumulative preference (share).
            cumulative dividend see under dividend.
            cumulative preference share see under share.
            Abbr. cum. pref.
            cupro-nickel FIN. an alloy of copper with 25%
            nickel, used for the so-called ‘silver’ coinage
            at present in use in Britain and many other
            countries. See nickel.
            cur. currency.
            curb v. to control: The Bank acted to curb an
            interest rates rise, the Bank (of England) took
            action to control (i.e. to prevent) interest rates
            from rising too much. Syn. check.
            curb exchange see American Stock Exchange.
            currency (1) BKG. of a bill of exchange, the
            length of time that has to pass before the bill
            becomes due for payment. The currency of a
            bill drawn after sight starts to run from the date
            on which the bill is accepted. (2) FIN. any kind
            of money that is in general use as cash, passing
            from person to person, such as coin and bank-
            notes. (3) any generally accepted means of
            payment; anything used as a medium of ex-
            change such as coin, bank-notes, cheques, bills
            of exchange, promissory notes, and any docu-
            ment that can be used in place of money. (4)
            the money of a particular country: The French
            franc/Dutch guilder/Italian lira]U.S.A. dollar,
            etc. Abbr. cur.; cy.
            blocked currency see separate entry.
            convertible currency see separate entry; see also
            convertibility.
            decimal currency one based on the decimal
            system, using a number scale of ten and gener-
            ally counting in sets of ten or in tenths. Nearly
            all nations of the world have decimal curren-
            cies, Britain being one of the last to change,
            in 1971, Syn. decimal coinage.

            La


                evince -p 167 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            ee

            156 - currency

            domestic currency that of the home country: in
            Britain the pound sterling. Cf. foreign cur-
            rency.

            floating currency one of which the rate of ex-
            change is allowed to rise and fall according to

            the market demand and supply, with as little
            interference as possible by the authorities, usu.

            the central bank.

            foreign currency in Britain, any currency other
            than sterling.

            fractional currency coins which are each a frac-
            tion of the standard unit of currency of a
            country, such as a penny, which is one-hun-
            dredth of a pound.

            full-bodied currency one entirely of gold and
            silver.

            green currencies see separate entry; also green
            pound.

            hard currency that of a country which has a
            strong balance of payments and a currency that

            is unlikely to fallin value. Itis, therefore, much |
            in demand. Its price is high, esp. in exchange |
            for soft currency. Cf. soft currency.

            inconvertible currency one which cannot be |
            freely exchanged for other currencies. Syn. |
            irredeemable currency. Opp. convertible cur-
            rency.

            international currency one that is recognized
            and accepted in payment of debts in most
            countries of the world. Before the Second
            World War, sterling was in world-wide use;
            after the war, the U.S.A. dollar became the
            most important. Syn. key currency; leading
            Currency. :
            irredeemable currency see inconvertible cur- |
            rency above. :
            key currency see international currency above.
            leading currency see international currency
            above.

            managed currency one of which the rate of
            exchange is controlled by the government, usu.
            through the central bank. This is done by using
            means such as varying the minimum lending
            rate, and by buying and selling in the foreign-
            exchange market. Syn. managed money.

            metallic currency coins made of gold, silver,
            cupro-nickel, nickel and bronze, as dis-
            tinguished from paper currency.

            mixed currency (a) one that consists of coin of
            various metals, and paper money in the form

            of bank-notes. (6) formerly, a currency that
            consisted of coins of two precious metals, usu.
            one of gold, the other of silver.

            paper currency bank-notes. Cf. paper money.
            reserve currency one which is held as part of
            their official reserves by the governments of
            other countries, because these governments
            have confidence in its value remaining high
            and in its usefulness in settling future inter-
            national debts. The two main reserve curren-
            cies are the U.S.A. dollar and the pound sterling.

            - i 1 ea. ——— 2 — —————— — * - a a a

            scarce currency one for which the demand op
            the foreign-exchange market exceeds the
            amount offered for sale at the usual rate of
            exchange. If this situation continues for long
            members of the International Monetary Fung
            may bring exchange control restrictions (limits)
            against the scarce currency.

            soft currency that of a country which has a.

            weak balance of payments and therefore a
            currency for which there is relatively little
            demand. It can usu. be bought cheaply, esp. in
            exchange for hard currency.

            trading currency in international trade, a cur-
            rency which importers and exporters all over
            the world generally use for settling debts, esp.
            the U.S.A. dollar and the pound sterling. In
            certain regions where there is a common cur-
            rency, such as in parts of Africa using the
            C.F.A. franc, this regional currency is usu.
            used for trading.

            currency appreciation see appreciation (3).

            currency bill BKG. a bill of exchange drawn in
            a foreign currency.

            currency bond see under bond, n.

            currency circulation BKG. & FIN. in Britain,
            the value of the notes issued by the Bank of
            England (and by the Scottish and Irish banks of
            issue) and considered to be circulating (passing
            from person to person) or otherwise held by
            the public. It is shown as a liability of the Issue
            Department in the Bank of England’s weekly
            return. See bank return. Syn. notes in circu-
            lation; notes issued.

            currency deflation see under deflation.

            currency depreciation see depreciation (3).

            currency devaluation see devaluation.

            currency notes FIN. notes issued as money by
            the British Treasury during the war of 1914-18
            and after, of two values, £1 and 10s. later
            amalgamated (1928) with Bank of England
            notes. Syn. Treasury notes.

            currency option see under option.

            currency rate see under exchange rate.

            currency risk FIN. the risk that a company
            dealing in more than one currency will lose
            money simply because of changes in the exch-
            ange rates of those currencies. To avoid this
            risk, companies will often practise some form
            of hedging. See also economic risk; transaction
            risk; translation risk.

            Currency School ECON. HIST. & BKG. a group
            of financiers and economists who, during the
            period of great swings from very good to very
            bad economic conditions between 1825 and
            1860, demanded that the power of the banks
            to issue notes should be strictly controlled by
            the government by keeping the amount of
            paper money within a fixed proportion of the
            amount of gold held by the banks. Their fight
            for a change in the law led to the passing of
            the Bank Charter Act of 1844. The Currency



            eee ee LS TE a


                evince -p 168 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            School’s ideas were opposed by the Banking
            School, who wanted banks to have complete
            freedom to issue notes. See Torrens, Robert.

            currency snake see Snake.

            currency Swaps see swaps market.

            current adj. (1) in general use; not out of date:
            Current coin, coin which still has value as
            money. The guinea, farthing, half-crown and six-
            pence are no longer current. The Churchill crown
            is current but rare. (2) Not past or future but
            happening or existing now: relating to the
            present: Current trading results. Current opin-
            ion/reports/views, now being expressed. Please
            send us your current price-list. The current
            week/month/year/period. What is the current rate
            of premium/of exchange? See current assets;
            current account, etc. Opp. obsolete; past. Abbr.
            curt.

            current account see under bank account. Abbr.
            C.A.; C/A.

            current account, balance of payments on,
            see under balance of payments.

            current assets see under assets, pl.

            current balance ECON. & PUB. FIN. that part of
            the balance of payments account that records
            payments for imports and exports, both visible
            and invisible, but not movements of capital.

            current capital (U.S.A.) see working capital
            under capital.

            current cost accounting ACCTS. an important
            modern development in accounting method
            that aims to show better than the usual historic-
            cost method the true effect of price changes on
            the trading results of a firm. In the usual system,
            profits are calculated after valuing assets
            (including stocks) at cost or market value,
            whichever is the lower. But this historic-cost
            valuation makes no adjustment for price
            changes in the period between buying an asset
            and replacing it. To obtain a really fair view
            in a time of rapidly rising prices, it is important
            to take account of the cost of replacing each
            class of asset at current price-levels. Accounts
            prepared on the usual historic-cost basis may
            show the firm to be trading profitably, but
            current cost accounts for the same period may
            well show it to be selling goods at a price which
            is hardly enough to cover the cost of replacing
            its stocks. Abbr. C.C.A. Syn. inflation account-
            ing.

            current debt see under debt.

            current liabilities see under liabilities.

            current money see under money.

            current ratio ACCTS. & FIN. ratio (relation)
            between current assets and current liabilities
            usu. expressed as a figure, e.g. 1.9, representing
            the number of times the value of current assets
            exceeds the value of current liabilities. A mea-
            sure of liquidity and a test of solvency. See
            acid test ratio.

            Current yield see under yield.

            customize - 157

            curriculum vitae MAN. (Latin, course of (one’s)
            life) a short account of a person’s education,
            qualifications and past work, usu. supplied by
            a person making a job application in order to
            give some idea of the applicant’s fitness for the
            job. Abbr. c.v.

            cursor COMP. a flashing sign on a computer
            screen showing exactly where the next charac
            ter will appear. |

            curt. current.

            curtail to reduce, to cut, to make less than was
            earlier intended: Zo curtail one’s activities]
            expenses/output/holiday.

            custodian a person who has custody (care); a
            guardian (one who guards the safety of some-
            one or something) esp. of public property.

            custodian trustee see under trustee

            custody see safe custody. |

            custody bill of lading see under bill of lading.

            custom (1) CoM. the support given to a business
            by its regular customers, i.e. the people who
            regularly buy from it: We greatly value your
            custom. We cannot afford to lose his custom. (2)
            LAW an ancient rule of behaviour or an activity
            that has long been practised and now has the
            force of law, such as a local custom giving
            fishermen the right to spread nets on part of the
            shore owned by someone else. Much general
            custom now forms part of common law but
            some commercial and professional customs still
            exist. See custom and practice.

            custom and practice IND. REL. the industrial
            relations equivalent of precedent in law: the
            traditional way of doing something, though not
            formalized in a binding agreement, may be
            regarded as a recognized procedure and as such
            may be a negotiating point. Cf. express term.

            customary acre LAW the area of land that a
            man and his horses could plough in one day.
            See acre.

            customer (1) COM. & BKG. a buyer, esp. a person
            who buys at a shop or restaurant, or stays at a
            hotel, or has an account with a bank: A regular
            customer. Syn. (of a bank) client; (of a hotel)
            guest; (of a restaurant) patron. (2) (collog.)
            An awkward/queer/customer, a peculiar person,
            difficult to handle.

            customers’ ledger see ledger.

            Custom(s) House TAXN. the offices, usu. in a
            port, of the customs service, where duty on
            imports or exports and certain other taxes are
            paid. Abbr. C.H.

            Custom-House broker see clearing agent.

            Custom-House report sHIPG. a document
            signed by the master of a ship on arrival at a
            port, giving the customs authorities details of
            the passengers and cargo on board the ship.

            customize (U.S.A.) to make specially to the
            order of a particular customer. Customized ser-
            vices help to make your business easier to manage.
            Syn. custom-made; bespoke.


                evince -p 169 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            158 - custom-made

            custom-made (U.S.A.) IND. & COM. made spe-
            cially to the order of a particular customer, not
            part of regular production. Syn. bespoke.

            Customs (1) TAXN. in Britain, Her Majesty's
            Customs, the group of government officials
            responsible for collecting customs duties and
            for controlling the import and export of forbid-
            den goods. Syn. H.M. Customs. Addr. Cstms.
            (2) import duties generally.

            customs agent see clearing agent.

            Customs and Excise, Board of TAXN. the
            British government department which is
            responsible for collecting all indirect taxes, i.e.
            taxes which are collected from some person or
            organization, who passes the charge on to the
            final consumer. Cf. Inland Revenue, Board of.

            customs bills of entry CoM. & SHIPG. daily
            information published by the Customs and
            Excise about ships entering or leaving British
            ports and about their cargoes.

            customs bond see under bond, n.

            customs broker see clearing agent.

            customs clearance see clearance.

            customs debenture TAXN. & COM. a document
            given by the Customs to an exporter who has
            the right to claim back duty paid on goods
            that he earlier imported under drawback. The
            debenture is a negotiable instrument.

            customs declaration see declaration (2).

            customs drawback see drawback.

            customs duty see under duty.

            customs entry CoM. & TAXN. the act of entering
            and recording with the Customs the import or
            export of a consignment of goods. This is done
            by means of a bill of entry; see separate entry.
            Also see declaration (2).
            captain’s entry see under captain.
            entry for free goods a document signed by an
            importer and handed to the Customs if no duty
            is payable. A copy, signed by a customs officer
            and called a duplicate warrant, is given to the
            importer as a permit to take the goods away.
            Cf. entry for home use.
            entry for home use ex ship a document signed
            by an importer and handed to the Customs if
            duty 1s payable and if the goods are to be sold
            immediately in the home market. On payment
            of the duty the importer is allowed to take the
            goods away. Cf. entry for free goods.
            entry in a customs entry of an import.
            entry out a customs entry of an export.
            free entry see entry for free goods above.
            over-entry certificate a note given by the Cus-
            toms to an importer allowing him to obtain
            payment of a return of money overpaid on
            prime entry. Cf. post entry.
            perfect entry a bill of sight that has been per-
            fected. See bill of sight.
            post entry a document issued by the Customs
            to an importer calling for payment of more

            ; pduty because not enough was paid on prime


            entry. Cf. over entry.
            prime entry the first customs entry made when
            imported goods arrive in a country and on

            which any import duty is paid. Cf. post entry:
            over entry.

            transit entry a customs entry for goods in trap-
            sit, usu. to another country.
            warehousing entry a document signed by an
            importer and handed to the Customs if duty is
            payable. If the goods are to be stored for a
            time the Customs will give the importer
            landing order allowing the goods to be removeg
            to a bonded warehouse, the payment of duty
            being postponed until they are needed for sale
            or use.
            customs examination see examination (2).
            customs invoice see under invoice.
            customs permit see under permit.
            customs specification SHIPG. & COM. in Brit-
            ain, a document which every importer and
            exporter must complete for the Customs, re-
            cording the value of the goods and the country
            of origin or destination. The details are used
            for calculating the balance of trade.
            customs tariff CoM. an official printed table
            issued by the government showing the rate of
            customs duty that has to be paid on goods
            imported into the country issuing the tariff.
            customs union ECON. a union of two or more
            independent countries to form a single customs
            area within which there are no customs duties
            or other limiting controls on trade between the
            member countries; common customs duties are
            charged on all goods imported into the union
            from other countries. Examples: the E.E.C.,
            Benelux, and COMECON. Cf. free trade area.
            customs warehouse see bonded warehouse.
            cut 7. (1) COM. a reduction: A cut in price(s). A
            cut in wages/salary/commission/discount/output,
            etc. A cut in the minimum lending rate. See cut-
            price shop. (2) (collog.) a share in some profit
            or commission : He got a cut of 5% for introducing
            the customer. )
            v. COM. (1) to reduce: To cut prices/discounts|/
            interest rates. To cut back production. To cut
            back on expenses/investment. To cut down
            expenses. (2) to stop; to put an end to: To cut
            one’s losses, to stop some unprofitable activity
            in order not to lose more money. To cut off
            supplies/services. To cut out unnecessary expense.
            cut price see under price.
            cut-price shop com. a Shop that sells at
            unusually low prices, well below those of any
            competitors. Syn. discount house: discount
            Store.
            cut-throat competition com. & ECON. the
            severest possible form of competition, existing
            usu. when there are few suppliers in the market
            and where supply exceeds demand. A cruel
            price war results, which is of no benefit to any


                evince -p 170 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            amie ar =

            of the suppliers and often causes some of them
            to be put out of business.
            C.V. convertible (bond, etc.).

            c.v. curriculum vitae.

            c.v.d. cash against (versus) documents.
            c.w.o. cash with order. :
            C.W.S. Co-operative Wholesale Society.
            cwt. hundredweight.

            cy. currency. |
            cybernate MAN. & IND. to control by cybernetics.

            cybernetics MAN. & IND. a new branch of sci-
            ence that studies methods of communication
            and control of actions both in nature, e.g. the
            nerve-systems of animals and Man, and in
            modern industry and commerce. In practice,
            cybernetics is mainly concerned with auto-
            mation of industrial processes by self-regulat-
            ing (self-controlling) mechanisms and with the
            presentation of data for decision-making. See
            automation; servo-mechanism; robotics.

            cycle a period of time in which a series of events
            happening in a certain order is completed, and
            then happens again and again with the events
            coming each time in the same order and gener-
            ally within a similar length of time.
            business cycle see trade cycle below.
            trade cycle a cycle in time during which trade
            moves from a state of high activity (boom,
            prosperity) through a running-down period
            (contraction, downswing, recession, slump,
            downturn) to a state of low activity (depression,
            stagnation, trough), then upward again when
            business improves (expansion, recovery,
            revival) until there is a return to high activity
            once more. The whole cycle then begins again.
            Syn. (U.S.A.) business cycle; cyclical fluctu-
            ations; economic fluctuations; industrial fluc-
            tuations. See trade-cycle theories below.
            trade-cycle theories attempts, of which there
            have been many, to explain the causes of trade
            cycles in a variety of ways: natural causes
            such as the effects of weather and sunspots on
            harvests; the mental outlook of businessmen;
            over-investment in capital goods; over-pro-
            duction with under-consumption of consumer
            goods; savings being out of balance with
            investment; bad judgment in lending by banks,
            and insufficient control by governments of the
            money supply.

            cyclical fluctuations see trade cycle under
            cycle. :

            cypher see cipher.

            D

            D the Roman numeral for 500.
            d. date; dime ; dollar; (old) penny or pence (den-
            aril); died, e.g. d. 1937; dividend.
            delete.
            D.A. deposit account: deed of arrangement;

            damages - 159

            documents against acceptance; dearness allow-
            ance.

            D/A days after acceptance; documents against
            acceptance.

            D/a. deposit account; discharge afloat.

            dja. days after acceptance; documents against
            acceptance.

            D/A bill documents-against-acceptance bill.

            daily adj. appearing or happening every day: A
            daily newspaper/meeting/delivery service.
            adv. every day: The service runs twice daily.
            Abbr. dly.
            n. (collog.) a part-time employee who comes in
            each day for a few hours to do cleaning work in
            a home or office. Syn. cleaner; char(-woman);
            daily woman.

            dairy farm GR. a farm that keeps cattle for the
            sale of milk and milk products such as butter
            and cheese. See milch cattle.

            daisy-wheel printing comp. a method of
            printing high-quality print from raised charac-
            ters (letters, numbers and signs) on the end of
            bars radiating from the centre of a wheel (like
            the petals of a daisy flower) pressed on to the
            paper through an inky ribbon. Cf. dot-matrix
            printing.

            dak (in India & Pakistan) the mail; the postal
            Service.
            dak-bungalow a rest-house for travellers, one of
            many formerly run by the postal service.

            dal. decalitre.

            dam. decametre.

            dam INDUS. & AGR. a high wall or bank of earth
            built to hold back river-water in a reservoir
            where it is stored for use in various ways:
            making electricity; and supplying water to
            people’s houses and to farms for watering
            crops.

            damage zn. (1) harm; loss of value caused by
            being broken or spoilt: Damage by fire/storm/
            water/fiood, etc. (2) (collog.) cost, expense:
            What's the damage? What do I owe you? See
            also apparent damage; hidden damage;
            malicious damage; damages, pl.
            v. to harm; to break; to cause loss: Damaged
            goods. Goods damaged in transit, broken or
            spoilt while being carried from one place to
            another. H ls reputation has been damaged.

            damage certificate see certificate of damage.

            damage claim INscE. a claim for partial loss.

            damages n. pi. Law where a person has suffered
            a wrong in tort or breach of contract, the
            amount of money which he has the right to
            obtain from the party responsible for wronging
            him, The rule is that the person wronged shall
            be put in the position that he would have been
            in if he had not been wronged. The amount
            may be paid by agreement without there being
            a lawsuit, or it may be paid by order of the
            court.
            action for damages a lawsuit claiming damages. f



                evince -p 171 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            160 - damages

            additional damages an extra sum ordered by
            the court to be paid where a wrong, esp. a
            breach of copyright, has been proved but where
            the money value of the loss 1s so small as not
            to be considered fair payment for the harm
            suffered.

            aggravated damages see exemplary damages
            below.

            compensatory damages money ordered by the
            court to be paid to the plaintiff sufficient only
            to make good the money value of the loss
            suffered, and not including any sum intended
            as a punishment for the wrongdoer’s bad
            behaviour. Cf. exemplary damages below.
            consequential damages damages intended to
            compensate (make good) an injury, such as loss
            of profits, that is a direct consequence (result)
            of failure to perform the contract. Syn. indirect
            damages.

            contemptuous damages a very small sum, perh.
            only a penny or a cent, the smallest coin in the
            country, ordered by a court to be paid in cases
            where the plaintiff has suffered little or no
            financial loss and where the court thinks that
            the case ought never to have been brought or
            that the plaintiff deserved to suffer the injury
            or loss. Cf. nominal damages below.
            exemplary damages extra damages ordered by
            the court as a punishment where the wrong
            suffered has been made worse by the bad
            behaviour of the wrongdoer, e.g. acting with
            hatred or bad temper or showing a desire only
            to do harm. In the law of contract, however,
            such damages are not recognized. Syn. aggra-
            vated damages above; punitive damages, vin-
            dictive damages below.

            general damages the damages that the law
            accepts will result from every breach of con-
            tract or of legal rights. In his claim, the plaintiff
            need not put a value on general damages, but
            only on other forms such as special damages.
            Syn. ordinary damages; substantial damages
            below. Cf. special damages below. ;
            indirect damages see consequential damages
            above.

            liquidated damages damages which can be
            exactly calculated or valued and the amount
            agreed in advance by both parties in case there
            should be a breach of contract. Cf. damages at
            large; also cf. general damages above.
            mitigated damages damages that the court has
            made less severe because the wrongdoer has
            acted correctly by doing all he could to reduce
            the harm to the plaintiff, or because he has
            shown some other reason why he should be
            treated with mercy.
            nominal damages a small sum, perh. £1 in
            Britain, ordered by the court when the plaintiff
            has suffered no financial loss, to mark the fact
            that a wrong has been done. Cf. contemptuous
            damages above.



            ———————— eee

            ordinary damages see general damages above. |
            punitive damages see exemplary damages above
            real damages the total amount of damages due

            by law to the wronged party, including both
            general and special damages.

            |
            special damages those of a nature which Cannot |
            be obtained by law unless actually claimed |
            proved and argued in court, such as logs of |
            earnings, medical expenses, etc. |
            substantial damages sce general damages aboye |
            unliquidated damages see damages at large,
            vindictive damages see exemplary damages )
            above.
            damages at large LAW damages for which no
            actual sum of money has been mentioned by |
            the plaintiff in his claim, it being left to the
            court to decide what sum is fair. Syn. unliqui-
            dated damages.
            dandy note SHIPG. a delivery order made by an
            exporter and approved by a customs officer,
            authorizing a shipping agent to remove goods
            from a bonded warehouse to a ship for loading.
            danger money see under money.
            d.a.p. documents against payment.
            d.a.s. delivered alongside ship.
            dash (colloq.) a secret gift or money, usu. as a
            bribe in a business deal.
            data (1) facts that are known; information
            accepted as true or correct for the purpose of
            argument or reasoning. (2) COMP. facts of any
            kind ready to be used in a computer. See code
            (5). Cf. information.
            data bank Comp. a collection of facts stored in
            a computer and kept ready for use as may
            be necessary, such as for commerce, industry,
            medical and scientific research, and for govern-
            ment administration. Syn. data base.
            data base comp. a collection of data arranged
            in data files, i.e. in an orderly manner so that
            it can be added to, kept up to date, and used
            as a source of information for special purposes.
            Also database; data bank.
            data base management system comp. a
            computer program which organizes, stores,
            retrieves and administers the data files in a
            data base.
            data dictionary comp. the section of a data
            base which controls the format and structure
            of the data stored, i.e. the relationships
            between the various data items. Syn. directory.
            data processing comp. the recording, re-
            arrangement, and organization of large quan-
            tities of data put into a computer so that it
            may produce the calculations, lists, accounts,
            controls, etc. which the system has been
            planned to provide. Abbr. D.P. Syn. electronic
            data processing (E.D.P.).
            data protection Law & comp. freedom of infor-
            mation practices which forbid data about an
            individual to be held on a computer without
            the individual having access to that data on


                evince -p 172 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            request. An example of data protection legis-
            jation is the Data Protection Act (1984) in the
            U.K.

            date the day of the month and year as appearing
            on documents to show on exactly which day the
            document was signed. This also distinguishes a
            document from others. On letters it is British
            custom to write the day of the month first, then
            the name of the month, and then the year: /5
            September 1978; but in U.S.A. and in many
            other countries the name of the month is put
            first, then the day of the month, and then the
            year: July 22, 1978. A shorter form is some-
            times used, giving the number of the month
            instead of its name and only the last two
            figures of the year, thus /5/9/78 (in Britain)
            and 7/22/78 (in U.S.A. etc.). Old-fashioned
            expressions such as: wit. or ultimo for last
            month; prox. or proximo for next month: and
            inst. or instant for this month, are to be avoided.
            See commercialese. Abbr. d.
            after date see separate entry.
            average date see separate entry.
            due date the date on which some debt, such as
            an interest payment or a bill of exchange,
            becomes due to be paid.
            from date see after date.
            out of date adj. old-fashioned; no longer useful:
            Their machines are out of date. His ideas are out
            of date.
            out-of-date adj. These out-of-date figures are
            useless.
            redemption date the date on which a dated
            security, such as a debenture or loan, is due to
            be redeemed (repaid).
            to date until today; to this day: We have not
            received your cheque to date, at the time of
            writing.
            up to date adj. up to the present time: To bring
            the filing/records/invoicing up to date. Let me
            bring you up to date.
            up-to-date adj. An up-to-date edition of a book.
            vesting date see separate entry.

            dated security STK. EXCH. a loan or debenture
            which bears a date on which it will be redeemed
            (repaid). Cf. undated security.

            date-line, international an internationally-
            agreed line on the map mainly along the merid-
            ian of 180° from Greenwich. As one crosses
            this line the date changes by one day: going
            westwards one loses a day, e.g. Monday sud-
            denly becomes Tuesday; but going eastwards
            one gains a day, e.g. Monday becomes Sunday.
            Syn. calendar-line.

            date-stamp see under stamp.

            daughter company see under company.

            dawn raid sTK. EXCH. a situation in which an
            investor buys a large amount of shares in one
            company without giving any sign, usu. by
            obtaining earlier commitments to sell and
            effecting the transaction in the opening

            dd. - 161

            minutes of business on the stock exchange
            floor (before any of the dealers realize what
            Is happening). The deal usu. amounts to the
            maximum number of shares allowed without
            having to declare a formal takeover bid (in
            Britain, 29.9% of the company equity). The
            purpose of this secrecy is to avoid the rise in
            the share price which might be caused by
            rumours of a takeover bid. |

            day see legal day; non-business days.

            day book Accts. in book-keeping, one of the
            books of prime entry in which are recorded
            day by day all purchases and sales of goods on
            credit before they are entered in the ledger.
            See purchases day book; sales day book. Abbr.
            D.B.

            Daylight Saving Time see under time. Abbr.
            D.S.T.

            day plan a plan of activities for a working day,
            usu. part of a formal personal time manage-
            ment system. See time management.

            day rate IND. a payment system which states
            wages in terms of the payment given for a
            single full day’s work.

            days after sight see after sight. Abbr. D/S.;
            d.s.

            days lost see lost days.

            days of grace LAw in Britain, a number of
            days allowed by law or by custom for certain
            payments to be made after the day they become
            actually due. Three days are allowed for prom-
            issory notes and bills of exchange other than
            those payable on demand or at sight. Insurance
            companies usu. allow 14 days for renewal of fire
            insurance, 30 days for renewal of life assurance
            premiums.

            days, running see running days.

            day-to-day accommodation STK. EXCH. &
            BKG. loans borrowed from banks by stock-
            brokers, bill-brokers and others for one day
            only but renewable from one day to the next
            if both parties agree. Syn. day-to-day loan.

            day-to-day option see under option.

            day work schemes IND. schemes for payment
            (esp. of productivity bonuses) which take as
            their base the day’s total output for a group or
            factory, rather than an individual’s work.

            D.B. day book.

            d.b.a. doing business at.

            dbk. drawback.

            dble. double.

            DC District of Columbia, U.S.A.

            D.C. documents (against) cash; District of
            Columbia, U.S.A.; direct current.

            d.c. direct current.

            D/C. deviation clause.

            D.C.F. discounted cash flow.

            dcg. decigram(me).

            dcl. decalitre.

            dcm. decametre.

            dd. dated; delivered.

            ae .



                evince -p 173 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            162 - D.D.

            D.D. demand draft; dama
            D/D. delivered at docks;

            dues. !
            D/d. days after date; delivered.

            d.d. days after date; delivered d

            draft; dry dock.  %
            D.D. & Shipg. dock dues and shipping.

            D.D.D. deadline delivery date. 7
            D.D.R. Deutsche Demokratische Republik

            (German Democratic Republic or East Ger-
            many).

            dd/s. delivered sound.

            DE Delaware, U.S.A.

            d.e. double entry.

            dead account BKG. (1) the balance in the
            account of a dead person. (2) an account that
            is no longer at all active.

            deadbeat (collog.) a lazy aimless person.

            dead book sTK. EXCH. (collog.) the register of
            defunct (dead) companies.

            dead capital see under capital.

            dead file see under file.

            dead freight see under freight, n. Abbr. d.f.

            deadhead in U:S.A., (colloqg.) a person who
            wrongfully avoids paying for his ticket on a
            bus or in a theatre.

            Dead Letter Office see Returned Letter Office.
            Abbr. D.L.O.

            deadline a time fixed in a contract or by a
            person in authority for some work or activity
            to be completed: The deadline for sending in our
            budget is next Tuesday. A deadline delivery date
            (D.D.D.).

            dead loan BKG. one which was a temporary
            advance but has become a permanent loan
            because the borrower could not repay it when
            it became due. Bankers avoid putting their
            money in dead loans.

            dead loss a complete loss.

            dead money see dead capital under capital.

            dead rent (1) rent which is being paid for the
            hire of an unproductive asset such as buildings
            which are not at present being used. (2) in
            mining, the fixed rent which is paid whether
            any ore is produced or not, as distinguished
            from royalty rent, which varies with the output
            or profitability of the mine.

            dead season TOUR. a time of year when the
            demand for travel, tours and accommodation
            is at its lowest.

            dead security BKG. certain industrial properties
            such aS mines, iron-workings, quarries, etc.
            which have little value when they stop working
            and therefore do not provide good security for
            loans.

            dead stock (1) AGR. farm machinery, plant and
            buildings. Also deadstock. Cf. livestock. (2)
            COM. goods which are difficult to sell, which
            produce no part of the turnover of a business
            and are therefore unprofitable.

            dead weight (1) TRANsPT. in U.S.A., the weight

            ge done; direct debit.
            demand draft; dock

            ock; demand

            of a road or rail truck without any load. Syn,
            (Britain) tare; kerb weight. (2) SHIPG. heavy
            goods such as mineral ores, coal, stone, etc.
            carried in the bottom of a ship to make the
            vessel steadier. See deadweight cargo. Abbr.
            d.w.
            deadweight cargo SHIPG. certain kinds of
            cargo on which freight is charged by weight,
            not by volume, such as mineral ores, Coal,
            stone, etc. See dead weight (2).
            deadweight (carrying) Capacity see dead-
            weight tonnage under tonnage. Abbr. d.w.c.
            deadweight debt see under national debt.
            deadweight tonnage see under tonnage. Abbr.
            .w.t.
            aa n. COM. (1) a piece of business, esp. of
            buying and selling; a bargain: We have come
            to/done/made/arrived at/concluded/a deal with a
            customer. This is a cash/credit deal. Syn. trans-
            action. (2) a large amount: He has made a
            (great) deal of money. (3) an arrangement; a
            settlement: A square deal, a fair and reasonable
            arrangement, fair treatment. A raw deal, a very
            unfair arrangement. See also bought deal under
            bought. (4) ADVTG. a special effort, lasting only
            a short time, to attract buyers by a temporary
            price reduction or by providing a gift with each
            article sold. Syn. premium; special offer.
            v. COM. (1) to do business; to trade (buy and
            sell): We have dealt with him for many years.
            They deal in cotton. (2) to act in some necessary
            way towards someone or something: The law
            deals with offenders, punishes them. We must
            deal with this problem, take the action required
            to solve it. (3) to be concerned with: The
            article/report/paper deals with labour relations.
            dealer (1) COM. a person who, at his own risk,
            buys commodities to sell at a profit, usu. to
            consumers. Syn. trader. (2) BKG. a person or
            organization buying and selling bills of ex-
            change, called a discount house. (3) one who
            buys and sells foreign currency, called a foreign-
            exchange dealer. (4) STK. EXCH. a person buying
            and selling securities on the Stock Exchange,
            esp. a stockjobber doing business as a princi-
            pal, i.e. for himself and not as an agent or
            broker. (5) COMMOD. EXCH. a trader in an organ-
            ized commodity exchange, esp. a merchant or
            wholesaler.
            dealer aids ADVTG. advertising material, such
            as samples, models, showcards, catalogues,
            brochures, price-lists, stands, shelves, book-
            cases, supplied free by manufacturers or
            importers to shopkeepers to help them to show
            goods attractively in the shops.
            dealer’s brand see own brand.
            dealing (1) com. doing business; buying and
            selling; trading: They have a reputation for
            honest dealing. (2) BKG. & FIN. In foreign ex-
            change trading, the buying and selling of curren-
            cies according to the view (called a position)


                evince -p 174 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            taken by the foreign exchange dealer as to
            whether the market rate of exchange will rise

            or fall. |
            dealings p/. business relations: Business deal-

            ings. We have had dealings with them for many

            years. : |
            dealing-only service STK. EXCH. 4a service

            offered by stockbrokers in which the broker
            does not offer advice and only makes deals as
            instructed by the client. Cf. advisory service;
            discretionary service.

            dear com. (1) expensive: Your goods are too dear,
            your prices are too high. Buy cheap and sell
            dear. My mistake cost me dear. (2) precious:
            His reputation is very dear to him.

            dear money FIN. & BKG. in the money market,
            money 1s said to be dear when interest rates
            are high and loans from banks are difficult to
            obtain. Opp. cheap money.

            dear-money policy ECON. & FIN. in Britain,
            when the government, through the Bank of
            England, decides to hold back spending, it
            makes money dearer to borrow by raising the
            interest rates.

            dearness allowance FIN. in some countries,
            esp. India, Pakistan, etc., a cost-of-living allow-
            ance paid to employees in times of rising prices.
            Abbr. D.A.

            Dear Sir(s) the usual greeting or salutation
            (polite form of opening) for a business letter in
            Britain. In U.S.A. Gentlemen is preferred, but
            Dear Sir(s) (followed by a colon:) is often used.
            See greeting.

            dearth com. lack; scarcity, esp. a painfully short
            supply, rather than a complete absence. There
            is a dearth of apples this year. A dearth of food.
            Syn. shortage; scarcity. Opp. plenty; excess;
            abundance.

            death benefit INscE. a lump sum paid by the
            national insurance scheme in Britain to rep-
            resentatives of an employee who has died as a
            result of an accident while at work. Cf. funeral
            benefit. See death grant.

            death duties TAXN. in Britain, certain kinds of
            taxes which are usu. payable on the estate
            (property) of a person who has died. Estate
            duty tax (formerly called capital transfer tax)
            is the main tax payable. Capital gains tax
            (C.G.T.) is also payable in some cases. See also
            death-duties policy under insurance policy. Syn.
            (U.S.A.) death tax.

            death grant INSCE. in Britain, a sum of money
            paid towards funeral expenses by the national
            insurance scheme and by friendly and burial
            societies to the representatives of a person who
            has just died. Syn. funeral benefit. Cf. death
            benefit. }

            death rate the number of deaths per thousand
            of the population in a given year. The actual
            Or crude figures for any one area are adjusted
            to allow for variations in the expectation of

            debenture - 163

            life and in the way the population is divided
            into age groups which differ in different parts
            of the country. Syn. mortality rate.
            death tax see estate tax under tax.
            deb. debenture; debit.
            debasement of coinage ECON. HIST. in past
            times when the value of the metal in a coin
            was expected to equal its face value, dishonest
            persons reduced the weight of gold and silver
            coins by rubbing or clipping (cutting) bits of
            metal from them or by sweating (using chemi-
            cals). Governments, too, sometimes put less
            valuable metal into newly-made coins. Gradu-
            ally this led to a fall in the buying-power of the
            coins and therefore to severe rises in prices.
            Syn. adulteration or depreciation of coinage.
            See Gresham’s Law.
            debenture STK. EXCH. in Britain, an ac-
            knowledgment of a debt, usu. in the form of a
            deed (document under seal) by a company or
            public organization and usu. secured by a trust
            deed protecting the rights of the debenture-
            holder. In U.S.A., debentures are not usu.
            secured by a lien on the company’s assets. They
            form the usual kind of bond issued by large
            companies and are supported only by the good
            reputation of the issuing company. A deben-
            ture represents a separate debt of a fixed sum
            of money. Cf. debenture stock. Abbr. deb.
            all-moneys debenture one givén to a bank, with
            an arrangement that the amount of the loan can
            be increased without the formalities necessary
            when increasing a fixed-sum debenture.
            bearer debenture one which is payable to
            bearer. It is a negotiable instrument transfer-
            able by delivery, i.e. ownership of it can be
            passed from one person to another simply by
            handing it over, without any formalities regard-
            ing registration (recording) in the borrower’s
            office. Cf. registered debenture below.
            convertible debenture one which, at the end of
            a fixed period of years, is converted (changed)
            into ordinary shares at a rate determined when
            the debenture is first issued.
            _ customs debenture see separate entry.
            fixed debenture one for which the security is
            some particular asset of the borrower, such as
            a machine, building, etc. Cf. floating debenture
            below.
            fixed-sum debenture one given to a bank for a
            certain sum under an agreement which pro-
            vides that the bank may hold the debenture as
            security for all money owed by the borrower
            to the bank now or in the future, with the rate
            of interest rising and falling with the bank’s
            base rate. Cf. all-moneys debenture; fixed
            debenture above.
            floating debenture one which has as security all
            the assets of the borrower, not any particular
            asset. Cf. fixed debenture above.
            guaranteed debenture one of which the payment


                evince -p 175 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            164 - debenture bond

            of interest is guaranteed (firmly promised) by
            another company or body.
            income debenture one that allows that payment
            of interest and principal shall be made only
            out of the income or profits of the borrower.
            Syn. income bond.
            irredeemable debenture one which has no
            arrangement for the repayment of the sum
            borrowed. Repayment will be made only if the
            borrower-company goes into liquidation. Syn.
            perpetual debenture.
            mortgage debenture a debenture which prom-
            ises to repay a certain sum borrowed at interest
            and also gives the debenture-holder the right
            to receive payment if necessary out of certain
            funds (stocks of money) or from the sale of
            some or all of the property of the borrower.
            naked debenture a simple acknowledgment of
            a debt; strictly, not a debenture because it is
            not secured on any of the borrower’s property.
            Syn. unsecured debenture; unsecured note;
            unsecured deposit certificate.
            perpetual debenture see irredeemable debenture
            above.
            prior-lien debenture a debenture issued with the
            agreement of the existing debenture-holders,
            that carries a first claim to payment of interest
            and repayment of capital.
            redeemable debenture one which, under the
            conditions of the loan, may be redeemed
            (repaid) by the borrower either at a fixed date,
            or at any time provided that proper notice is
            given. Cf. irredeemable debenture above.
            registered debenture the usual kindof debenture
            of which the holder’s name is registered or |
            recorded in the offices of the borrower as being
            the party to be paid. Cf. bearer debenture
            above.
            secured debenture one which has as security a
            right to be paid out of the assets of the bor-
            rower. Syn. mortgage debenture.
            unsecured debenture see naked debenture above.

            debenture bond see under bond, n.

            debenture-holder stk. EXCH. the holder of a
            debenture, i.e. the person to whom the princi-
            pal and interest of a debenture are payable. If ¢
            he is a registered holder, his name will be
            recorded in the offices of the borrower-com-
            pany and he will usu. receive interest by cheque
            or warrant when due. If he holds a bearer
            debenture he will usu. have to send a coupon
            to the company to claim payment of interest
            at the due date. If the interest is not paid, the
            debenture-holders may sue the company for
            the amount owing, or may appoint a receiver
            to run the business for them, or may put the
            company into liquidation. See register of
            debenture-holders.

            debenture stock sTK. EXCH. borrowed capital
            of a company or other organization, with all
            or some of the borrower’s property promised


            as security by a trust deed. A debenture-stock
            certificate represents part of one large debt,
            and thus differs from a debenture. Debenture
            stock is usu. not redeemable and is registered
            in the owner's name. The stockholder has the
            right to be paid debenture interest before any
            dividends are paid on the equity Capita]
            (shares). Cf. debenture; debenture bond; loan
            stock. Abbr. D.S.
            debenture trust see under trust.
            debit n. accTs. an entry on the debtor (left-hand )
            side of an account. Opp. credit. Abbr. Dr.; dr.:
            deb.
            debit side of an account, the debtor (left-hand)
            side, as distinct from the credit (right-hand)
            side.
            v. to enter on the debtor (left-hand) side of an
            account: We are debiting the cable charges to
            your account. Please debit me with the cost of the
            repairs. Opp. to credit.
            debit balance see under balance, n. (1).
            debit card CoM. & BKG. a card issued by a bank
            to a customer which allows the customer to
            pay for goods and services by having the cost
            debited directly and immediately to his bank
            account, i.e. without his first seeing an account
            of his purchases and without his having the
            choice of paying over a period which he would
            have had if he had used a credit card. In
            Britain, debit cards are mainly cheque cards,
            but they are being increasingly used instead of
            cheques for payments in shops, hotels, etc. Cf.
            credit card.
            debit, direct see direct debit.
            debit note (1) COM. & ACCTS. a note in a form
            similar to an invoice but used where an invoice
            would not be right for the purpose. The debit
            note usu. relates to charges, such as freight,
            extra to amounts already invoiced for goods,
            and is also used to correct mistakes such as
            an amount undercharged in an invoice. Abbr.
            D.N.; D/N. (2) INSCE. a note sent by insurers
            to the agent or proposer of a new insurance to
            show the amount of the premium to be paid.
            Cf. invoice.
            Jebt COM. & ACCTS. an amount, usu. of money,
            owed by one party to another: a duty to pay,
            usu. in money, goods or services: To be in
            (someone's) debt. To get into/run into debt. To
            contract/incur/owe/run up a debt. To be out of/get
            out of debt. To clear/discharge/meet/pay/pay off
            a debt.
            assignable debt one in such a form that it can
            be assigned (formally given) to another party,
            such as any negotiable instrument.
            bad debt see separate entry.
            bad debts account see under bad debt.
            crown debt one owing to the Crown.
            current debt a debt due to be paid in a short
            lime, usu. within a year.

            deadweight debt see under national debt.



            Ss ee ee a eae FF

            Ogg sempee

            gta + ou

            ae acd we Sa

            |

                evince -p 176 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            doubtful debt(s) a debt which possibly may not
            be paid or not paid in full. In accounting,
            allowance is made for such debts, usu. by
            charging against gross profit a percentage of
            the total of all debts due. The percentage 1s
            decided by experience. Cf. bad debt.
            external debt see under national debt.
            fixed debt see funded debt under national debt.
            floating debt see separate entry.
            funded debt see under national debt.
            gaming debt money owing to someone as the
            result of playing a game of chance. Payment
            of such debts cannot be obtained by action in
            the courts. Syn. wagering debt. See debt of
            honour.
            judgment debt one which a court of law has
            ordered to be paid.
            living debt see productive debt under national
            debt.
            mezzanine debt a debt which carries the right
            to be paid after the senior debt (see below) but
            before all others if the debtor company is
            wound up.
            national debt see separate entry.
            ordinary debt see unsecured debt below.
            preferential debt in a case of bankruptcy, a debt
            that is paid in full before other debts: i.e. one
            year’s rates and taxes, four months’ salaries
            and wages due to employees; also unpaid work-
            men’s compensation and national insurance
            contributions. See also preferential payments.
            Syn. preferred debt; privileged debt.
            productive debt see under national debt.
            public debt see national debt.
            secured debt one for which some security (prop-
            erty) has been given or deposited to make sure
            that the lender does not lose his money if the
            borrower fails to repay the debt.
            senior debt a debt which carries the right to be
            paid before all others if the debtor company is
            wound up.
            sovereign debt a loan to the government of a
            foreign country, usu. by a bank.
            specialty debt in law, one brought into existence
            by a deed (formal document under seal).
            unfunded debt see under national debt.
            unsecured debt one for which no security has
            been given. Cf. secured debt. Syn. ordinary
            debt.
            wagering debt see gaming debt above.
            debt-collection agency com. & FIN. an organ-
            ization, usu. a commercial firm or a society,
            which, in return for a fee or commission, uses
            its special knowledge and experience to obtain
            payment of overdue debts. Syn. trade-protec-
            tion society. Cf. credit agency.
            debt-collection letter com. a letter asking or
            nding that a customer pays an overdue
            debt collector FIN. a person employed by a
            business to collect its overdue debts.

            deci- - 165

            debt, discharge of see discharge of debt.

            debt-equity ratio FIN. the relation between the
            amount of money a company has borrowed
            (esp. its long-term debt) and the total of its
            shareholders’ funds (its share-capital plus re-
            tained profits and similar reserves). Also debt-
            to-equity ratio. Syn. gearing. Abbr. d/e. ratio.

            debt of honour one that has no force in law
            but is morally binding, such as wagering or
            gaming debts relating to bets or games of
            chance.

            debtor a person owing money to another, as
            distinguished from a creditor, a person to
            whom money is owed. Abbr. Dr.; dr.
            judgment debtor a debtor who has been ordered,
            by a court of law, to pay a debt. If he should
            fail to pay, the judgment creditor may cause
            the debtor’s property to be seized and used in
            payment of the debt.
            sundry debtor one who is not a trade debtor
            but who owes money for a reason not connected
            with trading, such as an employee or a trade
            association which has been lent money by the
            business.
            trade debtor a customer who has not yet paid
            for goods or services sold to him.

            debt ratio FIN. & ACCTS. the relation between a
            company’s liabilities and its capital employed.

            debt servicing FIN. the payment of interest on
            a debt. Syn. (U.S.A.) debt service.

            debt service ratio BKG. the ratio of a country’s
            foreign debt repayments to its export earnings
            of hard currency, and thus theoretically a guide
            for bankers to the country’s ability to repay its
            foreign loans.

            debug ComP. v. to remove faults from a computer
            program.

            Dec. December.

            dec. deceased; decimal; declaration; declare:
            decrease.

            deca- the prefix used in the metric system of S.I.
            units to mean ten times: a decagram = ten
            grams; a decalitre = ten litres, etc. Also deka-.

            decd. deceased.

            deceased n. a person who has died.
            adj. dead: Mr T. Smith, deceased. Abbr. dec. ;
            decd.

            deceit Law making a false statement with the
            dishonest intention that if it is acted upon,
            someone will suffer loss. Syn. deception; fraud:
            misrepresentation.

            decentralization IND. & MAN. the placing of a
            large amount of responsibility with officials
            situated away from the centre of a large com-
            mercial or industrial organization such as
            regional boards of the nationalized public util-
            ities in Britain.

            deception see deceit.

            deci- the prefix used in the metric system of S.I.
            units to mean one-tenth: 10 decimetres = |
            metre; 10 decilitres = | litre.


                evince -p 177 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            hhh
            166 - decile

            decile in a set of variables arranged aa seed eee
            or decreasing order of value, any co heat
            is equal to one-tenth of the value of the - s
            variable. Pron. deesyl. Cf. median; quartue,
            percentile.
            im. decimetre.
            ae currency see under currency. :
            decipher (1) to work out the meaning of mete
            writing: To decipher a message in code. ie
            (fig.) to discover the meaning of very ba
            handwriting.
            decision-making unit MAN. & IND. the group
            of people involved in a purchase decision, €.g.
            in a company, the machine operator (user),
            the works supervisor (influencer), the buyer
            (buying agent), the decider (chief executive).
            In organizational purchasing, the decision-
            making unit is often very complex. One of the
            main tasks of marketing is to understand the
            decision-making unit in a given market. Abodr.
            D.M.U. Syn. buying centre.
            decision tree MAN. a method of planning the
            various possible courses of action flowing from
            an initial situation. The decision tree proceeds
            through a series of stages, with alternatives
            branching out from each stage or decision
            point. It is widely used in financial analysis,
            esp. investment appraisal.
            deck (1) sHIPG. one of the horizontal divisions
            in ships which correspond to floors in houses.
            Starting from the bottom, most large ships
            have: the lower, main and upper decks, usu.
            running the entire length of the ship; the bridge
            and poop deck in the stern, and the forecastle
            deck at the same level in the bows; the boat
            deck and, highest of all, the navigating-bridge
            deck. The freeboard deck is the highest con-
            tinuous deck of a ship, and the tonnage deck
            is the upper deck in ships having less than
            three complete decks; in any other ship it is
            the second deck from the bottom of the ship.
            See main deck; ‘tween deck. Abbr. dk. (2)
            TRANSPT. see double-decker.
            deck-Cargo SHIPG. & INSCE. cargo carried on the
            uncovered deck of a ship. When there is greater
            risk of damage by rough weather, etc.
            insurance rates on deck-cargo are higher than
            for cargo carried below decks. Syn. deck-load.
            deck-gear sHIPG. machinery placed on the deck
            of a ship for loading or unloading cargo, etc.
            decl. declaration; declare.
            declarant a person making a declaration, such
            as for Customs.
            declaration (1) a solemn statement. Abbr. dec. ;
            decl. (2) TAXN. a statement made to the Cus-
            toms listing goods on which duty will have to
            be paid: You must make a customs declaration.
            (3) INSCE. a statement or notice by the insured
            a ies sie Ne iat giving details of the
            chek 8 insured. See declaration policy
            yor insurance. (4) INSCE. a statement

            signed by a person asking for insurance, prom-
            ising that details given in the proposal form
            are true and correct.

            declaration day STK. EXCH. the last date on
            which the holder of an option may declare
            whether he takes it up (accepts it) or not.
            Always the day before Account Day. See
            option; Account Day. | |

            declaration insurance see under insurance,
            classes and kinds of. ade

            Declaration of Association LAw the last part
            of the Memorandum of Association consisting
            of a declaration by seven or more persons,
            called subscribers to the memorandum, asking to
            be formed into a company and listing the
            number of shares each subscriber has agreed
            to take.

            Declaration of Compliance LAw one of the
            documents which must be sent to the Registrar
            of Companies when a new limited liability
            company is formed. It is a statement signed by
            a solicitor or by a director or the secretary
            declaring that all action required by the Com-
            panies Act concerning registration has been
            taken.

            declare (1) STK. EXCH. to make publicly known;
            to announce: The company has declared a
            dividend of 20%, announced that it would pay
            this to the shareholders. The declared profits
            of the company, those given in the published
            accounts. To declare an option, to state whether
            one is taking it up (accepting it) or not. See
            declaration day. Abbr. dec.; decl. (2) MAN. to
            make known formally (esp. in a formal meet-
            ing): The chairman declared the motion carried|
            the meeting closed. Mr Smith declared his
            (financial) interest in the matter being discussed.
            Syn. disclose. (3) TAXN. to make a full statement
            to a government department such as the Cus-
            toms, of goods liable to duty, or to the Inland
            Revenue of income, capital gains, etc. liable
            to tax.

            declared value TAXN. the figure declared to the
            Customs as being the value on which any duty
            or tax payable should be based.

            decline (1) to refuse: To decline an offer/help/an
            invitation. (2) to grow weaker: Prices have
            declined. It is a declining industry.

            declining balance method (of depreciation)
            see reducing balance method.

            Decreasing Costs, Law of ECON. THEORY the
            Situation which exists when an increase in the
            quantity produced of a commodity results in a
            decrease in the cost per unit. Syn. Increasing
            Returns, Law of.

            decreasing term assurance see term policy
            under insurance policy.

            decree (1) Law an order made by a court of law
            after the trial of a civil action. (2) in some
            countries, a law made by a person or group of


                evince -p 178 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &


            persons in high authority: A president ruling by
            decree. .

            decruitment MAN. a move to a lower-grade job
            taken by an employee nearing retirement.

            dedicated comp. of computer systems, one
            which is reserved for a single particular pur-
            pose or user. Our market research department
            has a dedicated computer system.

            deducing title LAW the work of a solicitor
            acting for a buyer in satisfying himself that the
            vendor (seller) of a property has a clear right
            to sell.

            deduct to take off; to take away from, esp. one
            figure from another. Syn. to subtract. Opp. to
            add. N. deduction.

            deductible (1) TAXN. that may be deducted,
            taken off. Interest expense is deductible in the
            U.S.A., 18 allowed to be deducted from total
            income when calculating taxable income.
            Interest is thus a deductible expense. (2) INSCE.
            esp. U.S.A., the same as excess in Britain. See
            excess (2).

            deductions from pay MAN. in Britain, amounts
            which an employer must by law deduct from
            the pay of an employee and hand to the govern-
            ment in regard to income tax and national
            insurance contributions; other amounts which
            may by agreement with the employee also be
            deducted from pay, such as pension fund con-
            tributions, trade union dues, and national
            savings. The employer must by law give the
            employee, with his pay, a statement listing all
            deductions made from pay.

            deed LAw an agreement in the form of a written
            document which has been properly signed,
            sealed and delivered (formally handed over).
            If made by only one party it is sometimes called
            a deed poll, and if by two or more parties, an
            indenture. Certain agreements have no force in
            law unless they are in the form of a deed, such
            as conveyances (changes of ownership) of land,
            leases of seven years or more, and agreements
            made without consideration (payment). To
            execute a deed, to make it effective by signing,
            sealing and delivering it. See delivery (2).
            mortgage deed see mortgage.
            notarial deed a deed drawn up by a notary.
            title-deeds p/. deeds and other legal documents
            which transfer, or prove, ownership of land.
            They usu. include every deed transferring own-
            ership of the land during the last 30 years or
            more and any mortgage deeds; but where the
            title to the property is registered at the Land
            Registry, a Land Certificate replaces the title-
            deeds. If there is a mortgage, the Land Certifi-
            cate is replaced by a Charge Certificate.
            trust deed see separate entry.

            deed of arrangement LAw a formal agreement
            made by a debtor with his creditors, under
            which (a) the debtor assigns (gives the owner-
            ship of) his property to a trustee to be sold and


            de facto - 167

            the money to be divided among his creditors,
            and (5) the creditors agree to accept payment
            of a reduced sum instead of the full amount of
            the debts. Cf. letter of licence. See compo-
            sition; arrangement (4); bankruptcy. Syn. deed
            of assignment; private arrangement. Abbr.
            D.A.
            deed of assignment see deed of arrangement.
            deed of conveyance LAw a formal document
            under seal conveying (passing ownership of)
            property or an interest in property from one
            person to another.
            deed of covenant LAW a formal document,
            usu. under seal, in which a person covenants
            (agrees) to pay an annual sum for seven years
            to some association, charity, etc. which, with
            the approval of the income tax authorities, can
            claim back the tax paid by the covenanter. See
            also covenant.
            deed of gift LAW a formal document under seal,
            being a conveyance (change of ownership) of
            property as a gift, i.e. without consideration.
            See also gift.
            deed of partnership LAw a written agreement,
            made under seal, stating the rights of the part-
            ners in a partnership firm as agreed between
            themselves. See partnership. Syn. articles of
            partnership; partnership deed.
            deed of transfer STK. EXCH. a formal document
            under seal by which the legal ownership of
            securities is passed from one party to another.
            It is used mainly for transfers of stocks or
            shares of those companies of which the Articles
            of Association demand that transfers shall be
            by deed. Transferable securities held by per-
            sons whose names have been recorded in a
            register may, under the Stock Transfer Act,
            1963, be transferred by a simpler system. See
            stock transfer under transfer. Syn. transfer
            deed; instrument of transfer.
            deed poll see deed.
            deep (1) extending far down: Deep sea, the deep,
            the ocean. Deep-sea_ ship/vessel/captain| diver.
            Deep-water canal, deep enough for ships. (2)
            collog.) In deep water, in trouble, esp. in finan-
            cial difficulty.
            deep discount bond see under bond.
            de-escalate see escalate.
            def. defence; defendant; deferred; deficit.
            def. a/c. deferred account.
            deface FIN. & BKG. to spoil the face (of some-
            thing): Defaced coin or notes, those which have
            had some marks or words stamped or printed
            on them. The notes remain legal in use but the
            coins are no longer legal tender and the person
            who is found guilty of defacing them can be
            punished by law. A defaced cheque, one in
            which the writing has been changed or made
            unreadable. A banker is not forced to pay a
            defaced cheque.
            de facto (Latin, in fact) in reality; in actual |


                evince -p 179 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &


            168 - defalcation

            existence; holding a certain position, whether
            legally or not. The de facto government/ head of
            state. Britain has granted him de facto recog-
            nition. Cf. de jure.
            de facto corporation in U.S.A., one which
            according to law has not been properly incor-
            porated but which is allowed to remain In
            existence as if it had been legally formed.
            defalcation the stealing or dishonest use of
            money by a person who has been specially
            trusted to look after it. Syn. misappropriation ,
            embezzlement; breach of trust; fraudulent con-
            version; peculation.
            default 7. (1) LAW failure to perform a duty,
            such as to appear in court, in which case a
            judgment by default may be given against the
            defaulter. (2) FIN. failure to pay a debt at the
            right time: Default in the repayment of a loan.
            To be in default, to be guilty of failing in one’s
            duty. Jn default of, in the absence of: Jn default
            of directions from you, I shall act as I think best.
            (3) comp. the instruction which will be carried
            out by the computer at a given point if no other
            clear instruction is given by the user.
            v. LAW to fail to perform a duty, esp. in paying
            a debt at the right time: The country has
            defaulted on its loan. N. defaulter.
            default risk the possibility that a debtor will
            not pay interest or repay principal when due.
            defaulter (1) sTK. EXCH. in Britain, a member
            of the Stock Exchange who is unable to pay
            his debts or otherwise perform his contracts.
            Under the rules, official assignees are ap-
            pointed to settle his debts and to wind up his
            business, usu. without his being made bank-
            rupt. (2) FIN. & LAW one who defaults, esp. a
            person who fails to perform a legal duty or to
            pay a debt when it is due.
            defective title see under title.
            defective-title policy see under insurance pol-
            icy.
            defendant LAW a person against whom an
            action is brought in a court of law. Cf. plaintiff.
            Abbr. def.; deft.; dft.
            defer to put off until later; to postpone: To defer
            payment of interest.
            deferred account INSCE. an agreement under
            which an insured person is allowed to pay a
            premium by instalments. Abbr. def. a/c.
            deferred annuity see under insurance policy.
            deferred assets see under assets.
            deferred bond see under bond, n.
            deferred credits ACCTS. sums received for
            goods to be supplied or for services to be
            performed in the future. Money thus held is
            shown on the liabilities side of the balance
            sheet. Syn. deferred income.
            deferred delivery sTK. EXCH. an agreement by
            a buyer of shares that he will not press for
            delivery but will allow extra time for the jobber
            to obtain the shares ordered.

            deferred interest certificate STK. EXCH. a
            document given by a company to holders of
            its loan stock such as debentures when the
            payment of interest is being deferred (post-
            poned). Syn. deferred interest warrant: de-
            ferred interest scrip.

            deferred liabilities see under liabilities.

            deferred ordinary share see under share.

            deferred-payment agreement CoM. & FIN. 4
            form of consumer credit, being a contract to
            pay for an article by instalments Over a Stated
            period, the ownership of the article passing to
            the buyer at the time of delivery. The retail
            seller usu. arranges for the agreement to be
            made between his customer and a finance
            house, but some retailers finance such sales
            themselves. Cf. hire-purchase agreement.

            deferred premium see under premium, n. (6).

            deferred rebates see aggregated rebates.

            deferred share see under share.

            deferred spot market see spot-deferred con-
            tract.

            deficiency see deficit.

            deficit (1) an amount that 1s lacking, that is
            insufficient to meet a particular need: A 5000-
            ton deficit in the year's harvest, the harvest iS SO
            much less than our needs. We shall supply/make
            up the deficit later. Syn. deficiency; shortfall ;
            in the red. Opp. excess; surplus. Abbr. def. (2)
            FIN. an amount by which a sum of money is
            smaller than a desired sum: At the end of the

            year the society had a deficit of £500, received
            so much less than it spent, or owed so much
            more than it could pay. See deficit financing.
            (3) ACCTS. a loss, shown by a debit balance in
            the profit and loss account. (4) ACCTS. an excess
            of liabilities over assets. Opp. profit; surplus.
            balance of payments deficit when the total value
            of imports is greater than the total value of
            exports. Syn. external deficit; trade deficit.
            budget deficit when income 1s insufficient to
            pay for expenditure. See deficit financing.

            current account deficit when the value of a

            country’s imports plus outward remittances is

            greater than the value of its exports plus inward
            remittances. Opp. current account surplus.

            government deficit the amount by which a

            government’s revenue (income) is less than its

            expenditure. Syn. fiscal deficit.

            deficit financing FIN. intentional action by the
            government of a country, when faced with a

            trade depression, to spend more money than

            it receives in revenue from taxes, etc.; the
            difference, called a budget deficit, is made up
            by borrowing on a large scale from the public.

            The deficit is obtained by reducing taxes and by

            increased spending, esp. on productive public

            works. More money is thus put into the econ-
            omy, economic activity is increased, unemploy-
            ment is reduced and, it is hoped, the downward
            path of the depression is stopped. Syn. com-


                evince -p 180 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            I ————— ee

            pensatory finance; deficit spending; (U.S.A.)
            pump-priming.
            deficit spending see deficit financing.
            definite com. clear beyond any doubt: A definite
            date for delivery. A definite price, one that will
            not be changed. Syn. firm. Opp. uncertain;
            provisional.
            definitive bond see under bond, n.
            deflation ECON. & FIN. a decrease in the supply
            of money, usu. produced intentionally by a
            government in order to reduce demand and
            check rising prices. It results in a reduction in
            money incomes and in the buying-power of the
            public, so that there is too little money to
            buy the goods and services that can be got.
            Nowadays deflation rarely leads to a lowering
            of the price-level, but rather to a reduction in
            the standard of living. Opp. inflation.
            currency deflation an intentional reduction in
            the money supply for some special purpose,
            such as was made by the British Government
            in 1925 with the aim of reducing the price-
            level so that the currency could return to the
            gold standard at the same parity-rate as it was
            in 1914. Syn. monetary deflation.
            deflationary adj. tending to cause deflation. Cf.
            disinflation; reflation.
            defraud LAW to take away something that
            another person has a right to possess, esp.
            by making false statements or by deceitful
            behaviour: To defraud the Customs/one’s credi-
            tors. See fraud. Syn. cheat; swindle. |
            defray COM. & FIN. to pay; to bear the cost: We
            shall defray your expenses, we shall pay them.
            All charges to be defrayed by you.
            deft. defendant.
            defunct company see under company.
            deg. degree.
            degearing FIN. replacing some or all of a com-
            pany’s fixed-interest (i.e. borrowed) capital by
            equity (i.e. share) capital. Opp. gearing.
            degressive tax see under tax.
            de jure (Latin, by right) with the support of law.
            Cf. de facto.
            deka- see deca-.
            Del. Delaware, U.S.A. .-
            del. delete; deliver(ed).
            del credere agent com. a particular class of
            agent who is employed by his principal to sell
            goods for him but on the condition that the
            agent bears all risk of non-payment by cus-
            tomers; in return for bearing the risk, the agent
            usu. receives an extra commission.
            deld. delivered.
            delegate v. (1) LAW & MAN. to give power to
            a trusted person to do certain acts, such as
            managing part of a business. (2) to appoint as
            one’s representative.
            n. @ person acting for one or more others,
            such as a representative to a meeting or an
            Organization.


            ee Aa eee

            delivery order - 169

            delegated legislation LAw in Britain, rules
            and orders having the force of law made, not
            directly by Parliament, but by government
            ministers under powers given to them by Acts
            of Parliament. Such powers are delegated
            (given to trusted persons) mainly because Par-
            lament has neither the time nor the special
            knowledge to make some very detailed laws
            itself. As an example, see by-law (2). Syn.
            statutory instruments.
            delict see quasi-delict.
            delinquency ACCTS. & FIN. the state of having
            failed to pay by the due date; Delinquencies are
            increasing because more people are delaying their
            mortgage payments.
            delinquent adj. ACCTS. & FIN. (of an account,
            tax, debt) unpaid by the time it ought to have
            been paid; Delinquent accounts often become
            bad debts. |
            n. a person who (a) fails to obey the law; or (b)
            fails to pay a debt when it is due. |
            delinquent tax certificate TAXN. & FIN. if
            U.S.A., a profitable form of investment, being
            a document certifying that it represents unpaid
            taxes on property. These certificates are sold
            by auction at a discount of 15% to 29%. After
            paying the taxes owed, the buyer gets the
            money from the owner of the property or, if
            he fails to pay, takes over possession of the
            property.
            delivered see delivery. Abbr. dd.; D/d.; del.;
            deld.; delv.
            delivered price com. a price which includes all
            charges such as freight and packing to the
            place of delivery. See also free delivered.
            deliver the goods (colloq.) to complete a con-
            tract; to do what had been agreed or promised.
            delivery (1) BKG. of a bill of exchange, the act
            or transfer (handing-over) of possession of the
            bill. Thus a bill which has been drawn but has
            not yet been actually passed to another party
            is not legally effective because it has not been
            delivered. (2) LAW the solemn declaration ‘I
            deliver this as my act and deed’, spoken by a
            person making a deed which he has signed,
            sealed and delivered. The deed is effective in
            law only from the date of delivery. (3) sTK.
            EXCH. the completion of a contract, being the
            point at which the seller signs the transfer of
            the share certificate(s), thus giving ownership
            to the buyer. Abbr. dely.; dy.
            delivery note COM. & TRANSPT. a note prepared
            by the consignor (sender) and delivered with
            goods. It gives details of the goods and, when
            signed by the consignee (receiver), provides
            proof of delivery. Cf. delivery order; advice
            note.
            delivery order COM. & TRANSPT. a written direc-
            tion from the owner of goods to a person who
            holds them, e.g. in storage, to deliver or to
            hand them over to a named party or to bearer.



                evince -p 181 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            170 - delivery receipt
            ecome a negotiable instru-
            ined to a dock warrant

            bank as security for an
            te. Abbr. D.O.; 4/0.

            The document can b
            ment when it 1s Jo
            and is accepted by 4
            advance. Cf. ses ne nt wspT, a delivery

            aplivery Cee . he consignee
            note that has been signed by the
            (receiver) on = er goods.

            ivery time see lead lume. .

            api Sechilcns MAN. a method used 2 a
            casting possible changes 1n future business C
            ditions which will influence a particular
            organization. See also scenario planning.

            delv. delivered.

            dely. delivery.

            dem. demand; demurrage.

            demand (1) BKG. & FIN. a request, usu. for
            payment of money, made by a person having
            a legal right to make it. Abbr. dem.
            on demand any instrument payable on demand
            is payable as soon as payment Is asked by the
            person who has the legal right to receive it.
            (2) coM. the quantity needed of a commodity
            to supply orders already received or expected:
            The demand from our customers is about 500
            tons. We have a steady demand for 100 copies a
            year, we regularly sell that number. (3) the
            wants of buyers in the market: This article is
            much in demand, many people want to buy it.
            There is no demand for knife-polish, no one
            wants to buy it. (4) ECON. THEORY in economics,
            not just the desire of a person to have or to
            own a thing, but his readiness to get it by
            paying a price for it. See effective demand
            below. (5) ECON. the amount of a commodity
            that the public will buy at a certain price. See
            also elasticity of demand.
            aggregate demand the total demand in an eco-
            nomy as measured by adding up all the money
            spent in it.
            alternate demand see separate entry.
            competitive demand the situation where two or
            more products are competing to satisfy the
            market demand. Thus the demand for two
            products which are possible substitutes for one
            another is said to be competitive if an increase
            in demand for one product will result in a
            reduction in demand for the other. Syn. substi-
            tute demand; rival demand.
            complementary demand a demand for two com-
            modities that are jointly needed, such as bread
            and butter, or toothbrushes and toothpaste, the
            one giving little or no satisfaction without the
            other. Syn. joint demand.
            composite demand where a commodity is in
            demand for several different uses, the total of
            all these demands added together.
            consumer(’s) demand see separate entry.
            deferred demand demand which has to be put
            oa a later date because the commodity

            not at present be supplied.

            derived demand the demand for a commodity,

            esp. a factor of production, that is wanted, not
            for itself but for something derived or obtained
            from it. Thus the demand for iron-ore js
            derived from the demand for iron and steel,
            The demand for jabour is derived from the
            demand for the goods produced by that labour,
            Cf. direct demand.
            direct demand the demand for a commodity
            that is wanted for its own qualities, not for
            what can be derived (obtained) from it. Most
            consumer goods are produced to satisfy a direct
            demand. Cf. derived demand. —
            effective demand demand which has some
            effect, produces some result. In economics it is
            the desire of consumers to spend money to buy
            a commodity at a certain price.
            elastic demand see elasticity of demand.
            excess demand a situation in which, at a certain
            price, the amount of a particular product
            demanded by buyers is greater than the amount
            supplied by the industry. If the price is a full-
            cost price, i.e. one which includes a satisfactory
            profit, producers may raise the price tempo-
            rarily to discourage demand while they arrange
            to increase their output; but in the long run
            the price is likely to return to and stay at the
            full-cost level, with the demand satisfied by the
            increasec output.
            individual demand the demand of one single
            consumer. In a particular market, all the indi-
            vidual demands added together form the mar-
            ket demand.
            inelastic demand see elasticity of demand.
            joint demand see complementary demand above.
            market demand see individual demand above.
            rival demand see competitive demand above.
            substitute demand see competitive demand
            above.

            demand bill BKG. a bill of exchange that is
            payable immediately the payee or holder
            demands payment; usu. a bank draft. Syn.
            demand draft; sight bill.

            demand curve see demand schedule.

            demand deposit see under deposit.

            demand draft see demand bill. Abbr. D/D.;
            D.D.; d.d.

            demand, extension of see extension of
            demand.

            demand inflation see under inflation.

            Demand, Law of ECON. THEORY a basic rule
            in economics that the amount demanded
            increases when the price falls and reduces when
            the price rises. Stated another way, the lower
            the price the greater the quantity demanded,
            and the higher the price the smaller the quan-
            tity demanded. See also Supply and Demand,
            Laws of.

            demand matching IND. attempting to match
            levels of demand with levels of production, as
            opposed to producing at an even rate and
            building up stocks. Cf. production smoothing.


                evince -p 182 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &


            44

            demand note BKG. 4 written promise to pay on
            demand a stated sum of money. — |

            demand price ECON. THEORY the price at which
            a given quantity of a commodity will be
            demanded: The quantity ordered is 20,000 kg at
            q demand price of £1.50 per kg. See demand

            schedule. , |
            demand-pull see demand inflation wunder

            inflation.

            demand rate (of exchange) see short rate under
            exchange rate.

            demand schedule ECON. THEORY a table show-
            ing the quantities of a commodity that buyers
            will demand at varying prices. The figures in
            this table can be used to draw a graph called
            a demand curve.

            demand-side ECON. THEORY a name given by
            supply-side economists to the economic
            methods recommended by the monetarists
            (controlling the total supply of money) and
            the Keynesians (adjusting taxation and putting
            special controls on public spending). See Sup-
            ply-side Economics.

            demarcation dispute IND. REL. a strong dis-
            agreement among members of different trade
            unions about which workers shall do certain
            classes of work. In Britain, the Demarcation
            Disputes Tribunal has been set up to avoid the
            many strikes that once troubled the economy.

            demarketing ADVTG. & COM. the process of
            trying to stop customers from buying a product,
            usu. by advertising or large price increases.
            Demarketing usu. occurs when a product is
            suddenly found to be faulty or otherwise un-
            satisfactory and likely to damage the seller’s
            reputation.

            demerger the opposite of a merger (see merger
            (3)), being the ending of a combination or
            merger of companies, the result being that one
            or more of the companies becomes indepen-
            dent of the others in the group.

            demise (1) LAW to let property; to grant a lease
            of land and buildings. (2) to hire out a ship on
            charter.
            demise charter see charter by demise under
            charter.
            demise charterer see under charterer.

            democracy (1) a system of government based
            on rule by the people through their elected
            representatives, who form a law-making body
            that controls the power of the government in
            running and managing the affairs of the coun-
            try. (2) acountry governed under such a system.
            See also industrial democracy.

            democrat (1) a person who believes in democ-
            racy, in the right of the people to govern their
            country through elected representatives. (2) a
            member of the U.S. Democratic Party. Adj.
            democratic.

            demography the study of population, esp. of


            department - 171

            statistics relating to births, deaths, age and sex
            distributions. Adj. demographic.
            dJemonetize FIN. to put an end to the use of a
            coin or note as money; to cause a note or Coin
            to be no longer legal tender. In Britain, the
            farthing was demonetized in 1961 , the old half-
            penny in 1969 and the half-crown in 1970. Syn.
            demonetarize; (U.S.A.) demonitize. Opp. to
            monetize. N. demonetization; Opp. monetiza-
            tion.
            demonstration ADVTG. & COM. a method of
            selling by showing and explaining the use of a
            product, usu. in the actual place where it 1s
            intended to be used, such as a factory, work-
            shop or home, with the aim of persuading
            interested persons to buy the product.
            demonstration effect ECON. THEORY an idea
            expressed by Prof. Duesenberry after the
            Second World War, that many families spend
            money on things they would not normally buy
            because their neighbours buy them. They wish
            to make a good showing before their neigh-
            bours. Also known as keeping up with the Jones-
            es.
            demonstrative legacy see under legacy.
            demotion MAN. the movement of an employee
            to a lower-grade job because of unsatisfactory
            performance or behaviour.
            demurrage (1) SHIPG. & TRANSPT. unreasonable
            delay in keeping a ship, barge or railway wagon
            beyond the time agreed or allowed. (2) money
            paid to a shipowner in accordance with a
            charter-party if the charterer delays the sailing
            of the ship. Opp. despatch money. See lay days.
            Abbr. dem.
            Den. Denmark.
            denationalization IND. & FIN. the opposite of
            nationalization, i.e. the act of putting a nation-
            alized industry in the hands of private persons
            or corporations. V. denationalize. Syn. priva-
            tize.
            denkli see shaduf.
            denomination a class or unit based on quantity,
            value, or measure: Notes/coin of small denomi-
            nation, of small values. Stamps issued in denomi-
            nations of Ip, 2p, Sp, etc. See also revalorization
            of currency.
            Dep., dep. department; deposit; depot; deputy.
            dep. depart; deposit.
            depart (1) TRANSPT. & TOUR. to go away: to
            leave; to start (on a journey): The noon train to
            Glasgow will depart from Platform 5. Your plane
            departs from Cairo at 07.00 hrs. and arrives at
            Rome at 10.00 hrs. Abbr. dep. Opp. arrive. (2)
            (with from) to change: He departed from his
            plan. To fail to follow: You have departed from
            your orders, you have failed to carry them out.
            department one of the separate divisions which
            together form a large organization: A govern-
            ment department, with (in Britain) a minister
            as its head, such as the Department of Trade


            ey, oy


                evince -p 183 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            172 - Department of Health and S

            and Industry. A university department, with a
            professor as its head, such as the Department
            of Business Administration. A department of a
            business, with a manager at its head, such as
            the men’s clothing department in a large shop
            or department store. Abdr. Dep.; dep; Dept.;

            _: dpt. Adj. departmental.
            ees a Health and Social Security
            (D.H.S.S.) see Health and Social Security,
            Department of.
            Department of Trade and Industry (D.T.I.)
            see Trade and Industry, Department of.
            department store see under store.
            departure TRANSPT. & TOUR. the act of depart-
            ing, of going away, of starting on a voyage or
            journey: A port/place/station of departure. A
            departure port/platform. Opp. arrival.
            dependant or dependent n. (1) INSCE. a per-
            son, usu. the wife (or widow), a child or a
            parent of the assured person, who depends or
            has depended on the assured person. (2) TAXN.
            a person, usu. a near relation, who is partly or
            wholly supported by a taxpayer and for whom
            the taxpayer receives a dependent relative allow-
            ance. Adj. dependent.
            depletion IND. using up until little or nothing
            remains: Depletion of stocks/reserves/resources.
            provision for depletion ACCTs. the practice of
            gradually writing down (reducing) the book
            value of a wasting asset such as a coal-mine or
            oil-well until its value is taken as nothing when
            it has been totally depleted (used up). See
            endowment policy system. Syn. depletion
            allowance.
            deponent LAw a person who makes a solemn
            statement in the form of an affidavit, or as a
            witness under oath or affirmation in a court of
            law. See deposition.
            deposit (1) CoM. & FIN. the amount of money that
            the buyer of an article under a hire-purchase
            agreement has to pay as the first payment, usu.
            at the time he takes possession of the article.
            See hire-purchase agreement. (2) COM. & FIN. a
            sum of money given in part-payment of the
            price of something bought or to be bought in
            the future. (3) IND. any material in the ground
            which has been brought and laid down by
            natural means, such as by rivers, seas and
            winds: Important mineral deposits have been
            found. (4) BKG. money or its equivalent
            deposited (left with) a person or organization,
            esp. a bank, for safe-keeping, or as security, or
            to bear interest. See also safe-deposit. Abbr.
            dep.
            on deposit (money) credited by a banker to a
            customer’s deposit account, which bears in-
            terest.
            call deposit see separate entry.
            certificate of deposit see separate entry.
            demand deposit (U.S.A.) money placed with a
            bank on current account, on which cheques

            ocial Security (D.H.S.S.)

            can be drawn. Cf. time deposit. (Britain) q
            bank deposit that can be withdrawn on demand,
            i.e. without notice of withdrawal being given
            by the depositor to the bank.
            fixed deposit a deposit of a sum of money with
            a bank for a fixed length of time at a fixed rate
            of interest. Such deposits earn a higher rate of
            interest than that paid on call deposits,
            memorandum of deposit see separate entry.
            special deposit see separate entry.
            term deposit a deposit accepted by banks and
            finance houses for varying terms (lengths of
            time), rates of interest and periods of notice of
            withdrawal or repayment. The rate of interest
            on longer terms is usu. a little lower than on
            shorter terms; and it is also lower for short
            periods of notice than for longer.
            time deposit (a) (U.S.A.) money placed with a
            bank in a deposit account earning interest and
            needing at least 30 days’ notice of withdrawal.
            Cf. demand deposit. (b) any deposit that needs
            notice of withdrawal.
            (5) LAW money paid on condition that it will
            be repaid on demand or at an agreed time with
            or without interest or premium and without
            being backed by any security. Cf. loan.
            deposit account see under bank account. Abbr.
            D.A.; D/a.
            depositary see depository.
            deposit banks see joint-stock banks.
            deposit, certificate of see certificate of
            deposit.
            deposit currency see bank money.
            deposit insurance BKG. in U.S.A. each bank
            must insure the balances of its depositors up
            to a stated limit against the risk of the bank
            failing to meet its debts. Insurance is arranged
            with the Federal Deposit Insurance Corpor-
            ation (F.D.I.C.) which is under government
            control.
            deposition LAW a written record of a solemn
            statement made in a court of law by a witness
            under oath or on affirmation. See deponent.
            deposit, memorandum of see memorandum
            of deposit.
            deposit money see bank deposits (3).
            depositor BKG. a person who deposits money,
            etc. with a bank, esp. a person who has a
            deposit account with the bank.
            depository FIN. & BKG. a person or organization
            in whose care money or other valuable things
            such as securities have been deposited for safe-
            keeping. Also depositary.
            authorized depository a person or concern of
            good reputation, such as a solicitor, banker or
            broker, authorized by the Bank of England to
            hold foreign securities for the owners who,
            if living in Britain, used to be forbidden by
            exchange-control rules to hold them them-
            selves; or who, if living abroad, were not
            allowed to take securities out of Britain. Those


                evince -p 184 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            rules are no longer in force, but many deposi-
            tories continue to hold securities for their
            ee ium see under premium
            it premium se
            4 protection fund FIN. a fund made by
            an institution or industry to repay customers
            if an organization owing them money goes
            bankrupt. Deposit protection funds have been
            a legal requirement for all banks in the U.K.
            since 1979, and they are common in industries
            where bankruptcies often occur, e.g. the tour-
            ism industry, where a deposit protection fund
            is held by the Association of British Travel
            Agents.
            deposit receipt (1) BKG. a written acknowledg-
            ment by a bank that a certain sum of money
            is being held on deposit by the bank, repayable
            at an agreed date. The document has to be
            presented to the bank when the depositor
            wishes to take the money out of the bank
            account. Deposit receipts are not negotiable
            but may be assigned to another party. Abbr.
            D/R. (2) MAR. INSCE. a receipt for money given
            as a part-payment when a general average has
            been declared. See average (4).
            deposit slip see paying-in slip.
            deposit warrant see dock warrant.
            depot (1) CoM. a place where goods are collected
            and stored, esp. before being distributed to
            shops. Syn. warehouse. (2) TRANSPT. in Britain,
            a garage to and from which bus and other road
            transport services run. In U.S.A., a railway
            station. Pron. (Britain): deppo; (U.S.A.):
            deepo. Abbr. Dep.; dep.; dpt.
            depreciate ACCTS. to lose value gradually over
            a period of time. All fixed assets except land
            and perh. some buildings tend to lose value or
            to depreciate, because they gradually wear out
            or are replaced by more modern and efficient
            things. Opp. appreciate. See depreciation.
            depreciation (1) AccTs. the gradual loss of value
            of fixed assets such as buildings, plant and
            machinery, etc. because they wear out or decay
            (physical or internal depreciation) or are replaced
            by more modern and efficient things (external
            depreciation or obsolescence). This is one of
            the costs of running a business and must be
            charged against the profits. See depreciation
            methods. Opp. appreciation. (2) FIN. of the
            coinage, see debasement of coinage. (3) FIN. &
            BKG. in foreign-exchange business, there is
            depreciation of a country’s currency (the ex-
            change rate falls) if the demand for it is small
            in relation to the supply offered on the market.
            Imports into that country thus become dearer
            and its exports cheaper when measured by
            other currencies. (4) TAXN. see accelerated
            depreciation.
            depreciation account ACCTs. a real account
            as which the amount allowed as depreciation
            an asset 1s entered on the debit side and the

            depression - 173

            amount is also credited to the account of the
            asset concerned. The value of the asset is thus
            reduced to a proper amount each year.
            lepreciation allowance a tax allowance to
            companies on the money spent on new machin-
            ery, vehicles, etc. spread either over the life of
            the asset, or over a shorter period when it
            is called accelerated depreciation. See capital —
            allowances: accelerated depreciation.
            lepreciation fund system acctTs. a method
            of providing for depreciation, by debiting the
            profit and loss account each year with a fixed
            amount equal to the depreciation of an asset,
            and crediting the amount to a depreciation
            fund account. At the same time gilt-edged
            securities are bought to an equal value. With
            interest being reinvested and more securities
            being bought each year for the number of years
            that the asset is expected to be useful, the fund
            grows to provide an investment with a value
            roughly equal to the original cost of the asset.
            Thus, there is money ready to be spent on a
            replacement when needed. Syn. amortization,
            amortizement. |
            epreciation methods AccTS. in accounting,
            depreciation of an asset is charged against
            profits by writing off part of its value every
            year during its expected life. The aim 1s to
            make sure that the cost of the asset is charged
            in a fair and reasonable way. Certain problems
            occur in times of rising prices, when the cost
            of replacing an asset may be far higher than
            the original cost. The more usual depreciation
            methods are: the annuity system; the de-
            preciation fund system; the endowment policy
            system; the fixed instalment system; the reducing
            balance method (see separate entries); and the
            straight line method (see under endowment pol-
            icy system of depreciation).
            epressed ECON. low in spirit; dull; inactive.
            epressed area ECON. a region which is suffer-
            ing from a severe economic depression, with
            high unemployment, much poverty, low stan-
            dards of living, poor public services and a lack
            of confidence in the minds of businessmen and
            industrialists. Such areas may receive special
            help from the government in attracting new
            industries, in retraining schemes for the unem-
            ployed and in overcoming poverty. See assisted
            areas.
            epressed market conditions in a market
            when prices are falling because supply is
            greater than demand. Syn. flat market.
            epressing NEWS STK. EXCH. any news which
            is bad for investors and leads to falling prices
            because there are few buyers and possibly
            many wanting to sell.
            epression ECON. that part of the trade cycle
            (see under cycle) that is marked by a large fall
            in output, high unemployment, low prices, low
            business activity, and by low spirits and lack




                evince -p 185 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            174 - deprival value

            of confidence in the minds of businessmen
            and industrialists. Opp. boom. Syn. trade
            depression; slump; recession; stagnation;
            trough. See also Great Depression.
            deprival value accts. the value to a business
            of an asset, expressed as the amount by which
            the business would be worse off if it lost the
            asset. The deprival value of an asset may be
            the replacement cost or a figure representing
            the sales it will generate.
            Dept., dept. department.
            deputy MAN. a person who is given power to do
            the work or business of another, or to act
            for another: The deputy chairman; a deputy
            manager. Abbr. Dep.; dep.
            d/e. ratio debt-equity ratio.
            Derbys. Derbyshire, England.
            de-regulation LAw the ending of a system of
            regulation, esp. by a government. Opp. regu-
            lation. |
            derelict (vessel) SHIPG. & MAR. INSCE. a ship
            that has been abandoned by her crew. Anyone
            who helps to save her or her cargo has the right
            to salvage, 1.e. money as compensation.
            de-requisitioning see requisitioning.
            derivative lease see under-lease under lease.
            derived demand see under demand.
            derrick see crane.
            derv fuel-oil used in heavy road vehicles (from
            diesel-engined road vehicle).
            desalination IND. the process of taking the salt
            out of sea-water to make fresh water.
            description (1) CoM. an account in words giving
            information about something or somebody:
            The police have issued a description of the stolen
            goods/the thief. The storm damage is beyond
            description, so bad that no words can properly
            describe it. See esp. trade description; sale by
            description. (2) (of a person) his profession or
            occupation: Description: chartered accountant/
            merchant | publisher | window-cleaner. (3) sort;
            kind: We do not sell goods of that description.
            descriptive catalogue see under catalogue.
            descriptive economics ECON. that part of the
            study of economics that collects and examines
            facts about the working of an institution or
            organization, such as the Bank of England, the
            Common Agricultural Policy of the E.E.C. or
            any particular industry. Cf. economic theory;
            applied economics.
            desertification AGR. the action of allowing
            useful land to become a desert by failing to
            check soil erosion or by permitting too much
            grazing by animals.
            design n. IND. an outline, plan or drawing made
            in advance, esp. of something to be manufac-
            tured: We are making/preparing/drafting a
            design for a new model. An article of the most
            modern design. Syn. plan.
            computer-aided design COMP. the use of com-
            puters esp. by architects when designing a

            building, usu. in making drawings and models
            in calculating quantities and costs of materials

            and in storing information. Abbr. C.A.H .
            c.a.d. ;

            industrial design the planning of the appearance
            of the products of industry. In Britain, the
            Council for Industrial Design is financed by
            the government to advise on and encourage
            improved design in industry. It runs the Design
            Centre in London and organizes exhibitions to
            show examples of good design.
            registered design in Britain, a design which the
            owner has caused to be registered (recorded)
            with the designs department of the Patent
            Office. This gives protection against persons
            who copy the shape or form of the article, but
            not against copying its mechanical operation
            (the way it works), which can be protected
            only by a patent.
            v. IND. to plan in advance what a product or a
            work of art shall look like, how it should be
            made, how it will work, etc.: An architect
            designs buildings. This car is designed to do 150
            m.p.h.
            designate adj. appointed to take up an office
            when the present holder leaves it: Mr Jones is
            chairman-designate of the board.
            Design Centre see industrial design under
            design.
            desk a kind of table, usu. with drawers, intended
            to be used for reading, writing or doing busi-
            ness: A reading/writing/cash desk.
            City desk in a newspaper office, where the
            financial news is dealt with, under the control
            of the City editor.
            desk research ADVTG. & MAN. research into
            data or material which already exists. In a
            marketing research project, the first stage is
            usu. desk research, followed by field research.
            desp. despatch(ed).
            despatch see dispatch.
            despatch money SHIPG. a sum of money
            allowed by the shipowner when the charterer
            gets the loading or unloading of the ship done
            in less than the time stated in the charter-party.
            Opp. demurrage. See lay days.
            destination (1) TRANSPT. & TOUR. the intended
            end of a voyage or journey; the place to which
            something is sent: The destination of this bus|
            train/ship/plane is Alexandria. The ship has
            reached its destination, the end of its voyage.
            Port of destination. Abbr. destn.; dstn. (2) MAR.
            INSCE. the place at which a marine adventure
            ends. See adventure.
            destitute adj. lacking the things necessary to
            live; penniless; extremely poor and needing
            immediate help: Bankruptcy left him destitute.
            destitution n. extreme poverty.
            destn. destination.

            detached not joined: A detached house, one not


                evince -p 186 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            joined to another. A semi-detached house (collog.
            4 semi), one joined to another on one side only.
            deterioration COM. & INSCE. loss of quality with-
            out any apparent outside cause, such as In
            goods which go bad if kept long. See perish-
            ables.
            physical deterioration that caused by wear and
            tear, rusting, rotting and decay from climate
            and weather.

            determine (1) LAW to bring or come to an end:
            To determine a contract. (2) LAW. to reach a
            decision, a judgment, in a lawsuit.

            detinue LAW the tort (civil wrong) done by a
            person who holds goods which he agrees are
            owned by another person but wrongfully re-
            fuses to deliver to him. Cf. conversion.

            Deutsche Bank BKG. the main commercial
            bank of West Germany. Cf. Deutsche Bundes-
            bank.

            Deutsche Bundesbank BKG. (German Fed-
            eral Bank) the central bank of West Germany.
            Cf. Deutsche Bank.

            devaluation ECON. & FIN. the act of a govern-
            ment in reducing by law the exchange value of
            a country’s currency in units of gold or as
            compared with other currencies. This step is
            taken (often suddenly) when the balance of
            payments is unfavourable for a long period,
            usu. because of high inflation at home. On
            devaluation the change in exchange rates
            makes exports cheaper for foreign buyers, but
            imports are dearer for home buyers. Devalu-
            ation should thus improve the country’s bal-
            ance of payments. Intentional devaluation by
            a government occurs only where a country has
            a fixed exchange rate; with a floating exchange
            rate devaluation takes place automatically, as
            reduced demand for a country’s currency
            causes the exchange rate to fall without govern-
            ment intervention. Britain and most other
            countries moved from a fixed to a floating
            exchange rate in 1972. See floating exchange
            rate.

            devanning TRANSPT. & SHIPG. the work of
            unloading a van or container. V. devan.

            developing countries see under-developed
            countries; economic development.

            development com. & IND. making use of the
            results of research to produce new and
            improved products. See also research and
            development; property development; redevel-
            opment.

            development aid see foreign aid.

            development areas IND. one of several areas
            in Britain with high unemployment in which
            the government has taken special measures to
            attract new industries. See assisted areas.

            development certificate see industrial devel-
            opment certificate.
            evelopment corporation FIN. in Britain, an
            “rganization financed by the government to

            PE Ee —— ——

            dictating machine - 175

            control the building of the new towns such as
            Harlow and Milton Keynes.

            development economics see under eco-
            nomics.

            deviation (1) a change of route. (2) MAR. INSCE.
            turning aside by a ship from the usual or direct
            course stated in the insurance policy. Unless
            this change is made in order to avoid some
            danger, the policy no longer has any force.

            devise nm. LAW a gift of land or buildings by will.
            The person receiving the gift is a devisee, the
            person making it is the devisor. Syn. legacy.
            Cf. bequest.
            v. to make a gift of real property by will.

            Devon. Devonshire, England.

            df. draft.

            d.f. dead freight.

            dft. defendant; draft.

            dg. decigram(me).

            dhow sHIP. an Arab sailing-ship with one or two
            masts and lateen (triangular) sails, used by
            coastal traders along the shores of the Arabian
            Gulf, the Red Sea and the Indian Ocean. —

            D.H.S.S. Department of Health and Social
            Security.

            dia. diameter.

            diagrammatic map see cartogram.

            diam. diameter.

            diary a book for recording daily notes of things
            done or to be done. / carry a pocket-diary/
            personal diary.
            bill diary AccTs. a forward diary in which only
            bills of exchange are entered.
            forward diary ACCTS. one in which are recorded
            in proper order the dates on which payments
            are due to be made or received.

            diazo process see dyeline process.

            dibs pieces of bone or metal used instead of
            money when playing card games; so (collog.)
            money: / have no dibs with me.

            dict. dictation; dictated.

            dicta. dictaphone.

            dictaphone a machine for recording the voice
            on a wax cylinder or magnetic tape for a typist
            2 type on paper what has been said. Abbr.

            icta.

            dictate (1) to speak words which are recorded
            either by a person who writes them down,
            usu. in shorthand, or by a machine such asa
            dictaphone, so that what has been said may be
            typewritten on paper: To dictate a letter| report/
            message. N. dictation. Abbr. dict. (dictated). (2)
            to speak or act in a commanding manner: Their
            chairman dictates the policy of the board, it is he
            who commands what the policy shall be. To
            dictate terms, to command, to rule, what the
            terms shall be.

            dictating machine one of a number of
            machines or instruments used in offices for
            recording the voice on magnetic tape, discs,

            cylinders or belts made of plastic, etc. The


                evince -p 187 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            176 - dictation

            words spoken can be played back by a typist
            (called an audio-typist) who then types whem
            out on paper as letters, reports, memoranda,
            etc. See dictaphone; tape recorder. Syn. dic-

            tation machine. ) rf
            dictation MAN. the act of dictating letters

            a shorthand typist or into a dictating m

            Abbr. dict. : |
            dictatorship of the proletariat ECON. in

            Marxist theory, a middle stage between the
            abolition by revolution of the capitalist system
            and the final stage of complete communism.
            During the middle stage, absolute ruling power
            (dictatorship) would be in the hands of a class-
            less society of workers (the proletariat), who
            would practise socialism, develop all forms of
            industry, esp. heavy industries, and a system
            of distribution freed of the profit motive.
            Dictum meum pactum (Latin, my word is my
            bond) the motto (a saying adopted as a rule of
            behaviour) of the London Stock Exchange.
            diddle (collog.) to cheat, esp. in small things.
            Syn. to swindle. N. diddler.
            diff. difference.
            difference sTK. EXCH. the amount payable to,
            or due to be paid by, a person who has ordered
            his stockbroker to buy and then to sell a secur-
            ity within the period of a single Stock Exchange
            Account. This practice is known as trading in
            differences. Abbr. diff.
            differential duty see under duty.
            differential pay IND. & IND. REL. the difference
            in wage-levels of similar grades of workers
            in different industries; or between different
            grades within the same industry, such as
            between skilled and unskilled workers. Differ-
            entials tend over the years to become smaller
            because trade unions fight more to raise the
            wages of the lower-paid workers than of the
            higher-paid.
            differential prices com. the practice of manu-
            facturers and traders of charging different
            prices for the same product in different mar-
            kets, such as the home and overseas markets:
            or in different rooms in a restaurant or public
            house. Syn. split prices.
            differential rent see under rent.
            differential voting see voting right.
            differentiation ECON. & IND. making one’s
            product as different as possible from its com-
            petitors by means of brand names, attractive
            packaging, etc. so that buyers may recognize
            and buy the product of their choice. To the
            economist such products are not perfect substi-
            tutes (replacements) for each other and the
            ao between them is therefore imper-
            ect.
            difficulties FIN. a state of difficulty: Jn financial
            difficulties, short of money and perh. unable to
            pay what is owing. There are supply difficulties,
            the goods are difficult to obtain. Difficulties of

            , etc. to
            achine.

            communication, of making each other under.
            stood because of language differences or a fajj-
            ure of postal, telegraph and transport services.
            dig. digit(al). |
            Diggers STK. EXCH. Australian gold-mining
            shares.
            diggings (collog.) lodgings. Syn. digs.
            digit one of the ten numbers | to 9 and 0. Abby,
            diesen computer see under computer,
            digs see diggings.
            dil. diluted. |
            dilapidations LAW the things that a tenant
            of unfurnished property has to repair at his
            expense at the end of his lease.
            diligence MAR. INSCE. the duty that falls on the
            owners of a ship to do everything reasonably
            possible to make sure of the safety of the
            ship, her crew and cargo, and to avoid causing
            damage to others.
            diluted shares ACCTS. & STK. EXCH. the total
            number of issued shares of a particular com-
            pany, including any issued since the last bal-
            ance date. |
            dilution of equity STK. EXCH. where the ordi-
            nary share-capital (the equity) of a company
            has been increased without a similar increase
            in assets or in profit-earning power, the equity
            is said to be diluted and suffers a reduction in
            market value.
            dilution of labour IND. REL. the employment
            of unskilled labour to do work usu. done by
            skilled people.
            dim. dimension.
            dime in U.S.A. and Canada, a coin worth 10
            cents or one-tenth of a dollar. Abbr. d.
            dimension COM. & TRANSPT. measurement in a
            particular direction such as length, breadth or
            height: The dimensions of a container are 2.4
            m X 2.4m X 12.2 m. Abbr. dim.
            Diminishing Marginal Productivity, Law
            of see Diminishing Returns, Law of.
            Diminishing Returns, Law of ECON. THEORY
            a basic law of economics, relating to the com-
            bining of factors of production in varying pro-
            portions. It states that if, in the production
            of a commodity, one factor of production is
            increased by stages while the other factors are
            kept unchanged, the stage will sooner or later
            be reached where each further addition to the
            increasing factor will produce a smaller and
            smaller increase in output. For example, if the
            number of men working with a fixed amount
            of machinery is increased, then sooner or later
            the addition of each further man will bring in
            a smaller and smaller increase in output. Syn.
            Law of Variable Proportions; Law of Dimin-

            ishing Marginal Productivity; Law of Increas-
            ing Costs.

            Diminishing Substitution, Law of see Sub-
            stitution, Law of.


                evince -p 188 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            Diminishing Utility, Law of ECON. THEORY a
            basic law of economics relating to the utility
            or satisfaction obtained from increases in the
            supply of a commodity. The law states that as
            more and more units are added to a consumer’s
            stock of a commodity there will come a point
            at which he will get less and less satisfaction
            from each unit added, until the stage will be
            reached when he will have enough, and will
            get no satisfaction from an additional unit.
            For example, if a man’s supply of oranges is
            increased by one orange at a time, after a
            certain point each additional orange will bring
            him less and less satisfaction until he will reach
            the stage where he will have enough (or even
            too many) and will not want any more. Syn.
            Law of Diminishing Marginal Utility; Law of
            Satiable Wants.
            din. dinner; dining-car; dining-room.
            diner (1) a person who dines (eats dinner). (2)
            in U.S.A., a railway dining- or restaurant car:
            a small roadside restaurant.
            dinghy a small rowing-boat, sometimes fitted
            with a mast and sail.
            dining-car TRANSPT. a railway restaurant car.
            Syn. diner. Abbr. din.
            D.1.P. dividend reinvestment plan.
            dip STK. EXCH. to go down and then perh. up
            again: Share prices dipped.
            dir. direct(ion); director.
            direct access COMP. a storage system which,
            rather than sorting through all the data records
            one by one until reaching the desired one, goes
            direct to the data record required. Retrieval
            thus takes the same time for any data record.
            Cf. sequential access.
            direct action IND. REL. any way other than
            talking used by organized workers to press
            demands on their employers for better pay and
            conditions. Direct action may include strikes,
            working to rule, and banning (refusing to work)
            overtime.
            direct cost see under cost.
            direct debit BKG. & Com. in Britain, a way of
            making payments. A customer arranges for his
            bank to pay money to certain organizations,
            usu. suppliers with a good reputation, when
            they present (produce) their bills direct to the
            bank, and to debit the amounts to his account.
            This saves the customer the work of paying
            cash or of writing cheques, the expense of
            postage, etc. Abbr. D.D.
            direct demand see under demand.
            direct exchange BKG. & FIN. the exchange
            between two countries is direct if one of their
            currencies is quoted in units of the other, and
            not in units of a third country. See foreign
            exchange.
            direct expenses ACCTs. those sums spent in
            actually manufacturing a particular product or
            in performing a certain service, rather than

            director - 177

            expenses of a more general nature such as
            management costs which relate to a number of
            products and services. Cf. direct labour (2);
            indirect expenses.
            direct exporting com. selling goods direct to a
            consumer in a foreign country without using
            the services of a middleman. Cf. indirect
            exporting.
            directive MAN. a written paper from someone
            in authority giving directions about what is to
            be done: Treasury directive, one telling the
            Bank of England, ¢.g., to reduce the money
            supply.
            direct labour (1) IND. workers who are
            employed by an organization or local govern-
            ment authority in Britain to do certain work,
            such as building or repairing houses, directly
            under the control of the organization, and not
            through a contractor. (2) AccTs. the cost of
            labour which is employed in actually manufac-
            turing a particular product or in performing a
            service. Cf. direct expenses; indirect labour.
            direct letter of credit see under letter of credit.
            direct (mail) advertising see under advertis-
            ing (1).
            direct marketing ADVTG. any form of market-
            ing in which the seller communicates directly
            with possible customers, rather than through
            shops or agents. As information technology
            enables companies to manage consumer data
            bases of great size, direct marketing continues
            to boom through direct mail, telephone selling,
            etc.
            director FIN. & LAW of a company, a person
            elected by the members (shareholders) to con-
            trol for them the day-to-day management of
            the business and to decide its general policy.
            See board of directors; rotation of directors
            under rotation. Abbr. dir.; Dr.
            company director a director of a limited liability
            company, not of a government department or
            other non-commercial organization.
            divisional director a person in charge of a div-
            ision of a company. He is not necessarily a
            member of the board of directors.
            executive director a full-time member of the
            board of directors who also has the authori ty
            and responsibility of managing a certain part
            of the work of the company, such as the sales
            director, finance director, etc. Cf. non-execu-
            tive director.
            guineapig director a non-executive director who
            does nothing for the company but attend meet-
            ings of the board of which he is a member,
            usu. as a nominee director. Such directors were
            formerly paid a few guineas (gold coins) for
            each meeting that they attended. (A guinea pig
            is a small unimportant animal kept as a pet.)
            local director a member of a local board of
            directors.

            managing director a company director who




                evince -p 189 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            178 - directorate

            holds special powers under the company’s Ar-
            ticles of Association to manage the day-to-day
            affairs of the company. He is usu. next in
            importance to the chairman. If there is more
            than one managing director, each is called a
            joint managing director. Now often called a chief
            executive officer (C.E.O.). Abér. M.D.
            nominee director one appointed to the board of
            a company to represent a principal stockholder
            or group of shareholders, such as a parent
            company.
            non-executive director a director who, as a part-
            time member of the board of directors, helps
            to plan and decide the policy of the company
            but who has no responsibility to execute (carry
            out) that policy. Cf. executive director.
            outside director one who is not employed by
            the company and usu. a non-executive director.
            worker director an employee who is a member
            of the board of directors with special responsi-
            bility for putting the views and looking after
            the interests of the company’s employees.
            directorate (1) MAN. the place where a director
            has his office. (2) the post held by a director.
            (3) a body of persons who are directors. See
            interlocking directorates.

            Director of Public Prosecutions Law in
            England, a high government officer responsible
            for advising the government on legal matters
            and for bringing actions in the courts in the
            case of certain difficult or important crimes.
            Syn. in other countries: Public Prosecutor;
            Fiscal. See also Procurator-fiscal. Abbr. D.P.P.

            directors, board of see board of directors.

            directors, register of see register of directors.

            directorship (1) LAW & STK. EXCH. the position
            of a company director: He has been offered a
            directorship. (2) the period served as a director:
            During your directorship the company made a
            profit.

            directors’ report LAW & STK. EXCH. a written
            or printed report made by the board of direc-
            tors and usu. signed by the chairman, to the
            members (shareholders) of a company, and
            presented together with a set of final accounts,
            at each annual general meeting. Syn. chair-
            man’s report; company report.

            directors’ share see qualification share.

            directors’ shareholdings, register of see
            register of directors’ shareholdings.

            directory (1) a book listing, usu. in alphabetical
            order, names and addresses and other infor-
            mation about persons or organizations in an
            area, or in certain trades or occupations: The
            telephone/telex directory. A street/trade direc-
            tory.
            classified directory one in which the infor-
            mation has been grouped under headings
            which are arranged in an orderly system, e.g.
            in a trade directory firms’ names and details are
            grouped according to their trades, and the

            r — —


            trades themselves grouped according to indus.
            tries and again according & COUNTIES. The
            classified telephone directory is Known coll ‘
            the Yellow Pages a
            (2) COMP. see data dictionary.
            direct production see under production
            direct sale/selling (1) CoM. the practice of :
            manufacturer or importer in selling ROOds
            direct to shopkeepers without USINg the ser.
            vices of a wholesaler or distributor, (2) the
            practice of a wholesaler or distributor ip Selling
            goods direct to the public without USINg the
            services of a retailer (shopkeeper). Syn. direc;
            marketing.
            direct services IND. services that are performed
            personally by many kinds of workers who dea}
            direct with members of the public and are
            not connected with trade or commerce; they
            include the work of doctors, lawyers, hair-
            dressers, government employees, etc. Cf. com-
            mercial services; industrial services.
            direct tax TAXN. one which has to be paid by
            the taxpayer direct to the government, such as
            income tax, capital gains tax, capital transfer
            tax, and not through some other party such as
            a shopkeeper. See Board of Inland Revenue.
            Cf. indirect tax.
            dirt cheap price see knock-out price under
            price.
            dirty bill of lading see under bill of lading.
            dirty bond see under bond, n.
            dirty ship SHIPG. a tanker that has not yet had
            her tanks cleaned out and is therefore not yet
            ready to receive another cargo. Cf. clean ship.
            dis. discharge; discount; distribute.
            disability see disablement.
            disabled quota MAN. in the U.K. and certain
            other countries, the proportion of the jobs in
            an organization which certain organizations
            are legally required to give to disabled people.
            disablement the state of being disabled, unable
            to use one’s limbs. See also handicapped per-
            sons. Syn. disability.
            disablement benefit in Britain, an allowance
            paid under the national insurance scheme to
            persons during the time that they are unable
            to work because they cannot use their limbs.
            Syn. disability benefit.
            disablement pension in Britain, a pension paid
            under the national insurance scheme to a per-
            son who is permanently disabled because of an
            injury received while at work. Syn. disability
            pension.
            disagio BKG. & FIN. in countertrade, a payment
            which is a combination of the discount, i.e. the
            reduction in price to cover the cost of making
            good the usually low quality of countertrade
            products before they can be sold, and the agio
            or trader’s fee for arranging the deal. See agio
            (3)

            disallow to refuse to accept: The insurers have


                evince -p 190 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            disallowed your claim. The manager will disallow
            an expense if it is too high. Opp. allow.

            disaster (1) a great natural misfortune, usu.
            sudden and causing much damage and suffer-
            ing, such as an earthquake/storm/flood disaster.
            (2) a serious accident to a train, plane or ship,
            called a rail/air/marine disaster. (3) FIN. a
            fnancial crash: The company is heading for
            disaster, in danger of going out of business, of
            being wound up.

            disbs. disbursements.

            disbursements FIN. payments of cash, esp. by
            a professional person such as a solicitor who
            pays money on behalf of, and has the right to
            be repaid by, his clients. See out-of-pocket
            expenses under expenses. Abbr. disbs.

            disc., disct. discount.

            disc see magnetic disk.

            discharge INSCE. on payment of a claim, a
            combined form of receipt and acknowledgment
            by a claimant that he has no further claim
            against the insurer. Abbr. dis.

            discharge from bankruptcy see bankruptcy
            (petition in bankruptcy).

            discharge from employment to dismiss; put
            an end to someone’s employment: When the
            factory closed, the workers were discharged. He
            was honourably discharged from the Army. To
            discharge the crew of a ship.

            discharge of cargo TRANSPT. & SHIPG. the
            unloading of goods carried as cargo in a ship,
            plane, etc.
            v. to unload: The ship is discharging grain at the
            docks.

            discharge of contract LAw the ending of the
            duties and responsibilities of the parties to a
            contract. This can happen in several ways: by
            the carrying out of their duties by both parties
            (performance); by agreement between the par-
            ties to end the contract (waiver); by one party
            breaking the contract (breach); by performance
            becoming impossible (impossibility); or by the
            passing of time making the contract no longer
            legally effective (limitation).

            discharge of debt com. payment of the whole
            of a debt, so that nothing is still owing: To
            discharge a bill of exchange/customs bond/
            promissory note. A receipt proves discharge of a
            debt.

            discharge port see lading port under lading.

            disciplinary code MAN. & IND. REL. a formal
            set of procedures for controlling the behaviour
            of employees, usu. consisting of a series of
            Stages such as cautions and formal warnings
            and ending with dismissal.

            disclaimer Law a giving up of rights or duties,
            esp. the formal refusal, recorded in a deed, to
            accept the powers and duties of a trustee.

            disclosure (1) INSCE. the duty of an insured
            person to make known to the insurers every
            fact of any importance relating to the

            discount - 179

            Insurance. See utmost good faith. (2) BKG. the
            supplying by a bank of information about a
            customer's accounts, to any outside organiza-
            tion such as the Inland Revenue or the police.
            Banks have the right to refuse to disclose such
            Information except where ordered to do so by
            a court of law. (3) Law & FIN. the duty of a
            company director to make known to other
            directors details of any interest he may have in
            a contract in which his company is concerned.
            discount (1) BKG. a sum of money allowed for
            immediate payment of a sum due at a later
            date. If the sum is secured by a bill of exchange,
            the party who buys the bill and receives the
            discount is said to discount the bill.
            banker’s discount see separate entry.
            (2) COM. a reduction from list price or catalogue
            price or marked price, such as a trade discount,
            quantity discount, etc.
            at a discount at a price below par or face value.
            Opp. at a premium.
            case-rate discount a form of quantity discount,
            where the discount varies according to the
            number of cases of goods ordered: A discount
            of 20% for up to 100 cases, 25% beyond.
            cash discount see separate entry.
            chain discount a series of two or more discounts
            that are not added together but applied separ-
            ately in turn; for example, a publisher may
            allow a bookseller a trade discount of 30%, a
            quantity discount of 10% and an incentive
            discount of 5%. When taken together these
            discounts total 45% but if applied one after the
            other as a chain the resulting figure is only
            40.15%
            functional discount see trade discount below.
            incentive discount any discount which urges the
            buyer to buy before a certain date or to buy
            more goods.
            quantity discount a trade discount which varies
            with the quantity of goods demanded in a
            single order: the larger the quantity, the higher
            the rate of discount. The aim is to encourage
            the buyer to place as big an order as he can in
            order to get the highest possible rate of dis-
            count. Syn. quantity rebate; volume discount;
            handback. See also case-rate discount above.
            settlement discount see cash discount.
            trade discount a discount, usu. a percentage
            of the list or catalogue price, allowed by a
            manufacturer or wholesaler to a retailer in the
            same trade. Syn. functional discount.
            true discount see separate entry.
            (3) FIN. & STK. EXCH. the amount by which the
            market price of a security is less than its par
            or face value. For example, a government stock
            repayable at par on a fixed maturity date and
            bearing a fixed rate of interest will be sold on
            the market at a discount before maturity. The
            amount of discount must be big enough to
            enable the buyer to obtain a yield equal to the


                evince -p 191 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            180 . discount bank

            rent market rate of interest and will depend
            me left until maturity. =n
            0 ing in 5 years would
            Sa ce at about £77 if the current
            probably be priced at at nea Ain:
            market rate of interest 1S about 17%. me i
            count (2). In the case of investment On e
            amount by which the market price of the share
            falls short of the net asset value. Opp. premium,
            the amount by which the net asset value stands
            above the market price. (4) INSCE. a reduction
            in the premium to allow for the special nature
            of the risk.
            no-claim discount one given to a motorist who
            has made no claim in immediate past years.
            Syn. no-claim bonus.
            volume discount see quantity discount above.
            (5) MAR. INSCE. an allowance for prompt pay-
            ment of a premium.
            v. (1) BKG. to discount a bill, see discounted
            bill under bill of exchange. (2) STK. EXCH. &
            FIN. to reduce the price or value of a security
            by taking some factor into consideration such
            as poor profits. See discounting.
            discount bank BKG. a bank which includes
            among its business activities the discounting
            of bills of exchange and promissory notes.
            discount bond see under bond, n.
            discount broker see bill-broker under broker.
            discounted bill see under bill of exchange.
            discounted cash flow FIN. a way of finding
            out whether or not an investment, e.g. in a new
            asset, is worth making. The net present value
            (N.P.V.) method: the income expected from
            the asset during each year of its future life is
            discounted, 1.e. reduced, to allow for the delay
            in receiving that income, using a rate of interest
            based on the current market rate and the degree
            of risk. If the total of these discounted annual
            amounts is greater than the capital sum needed
            to buy the asset now, the investment may
            be considered profitable. The yield method or
            internal rate of return (1.R.R.) is to calculate at
            what rate of interest the total discounted
            annual amounts of income would be exactly
            equal to the capital sum needed to buy the
            asset now. If this rate of interest, or yield, is
            greater than the market rate, the investment
            may be regarded as profitable. Abbr. D.C.F.
            discount for cash see cash discount.
            discount house (1) BKG. a commercial banking
            firm or company that discounts bills of ex-
            change which have been accepted by the
            accepting houses, and also discounts bank bills
            and Treasury bills, besides dealing in short-
            term securities of the central and local govern-
            ments and public corporations and in certifi-
            cates of deposit. Such houses usu. borrow ‘at
            call’ from the joint-stock banks but when they
            oe ie they go to the Bank of England
            ror last resort’. Syn. (U.S.A.) commer-

            cur 7
            on the length of ti

            cial credit company. (2) COM. a retailer esp. of

            durable consumer goods at low prices, some-
            times near wholesale prices. Syn. cut-price
            shop/store; discount store.
            discounting (1) BKG. in return for a discoun,
            buying, or advancing money on, a negotiabje
            instrument, such as a bill of exchange, which
            is due for payment some time in the future
            The discount is in fact interest calculated a;
            the market rate for the number of days that
            the bill has yet to run until due for paymen;
            plus a varying element for the risk involyeg
            (2) FIN. calculating the present value of a future
            sum of money, allowing for interest. The pre-
            sent value must be less than the future amount
            because of the delay in getting and using the
            future amount. The present value or discounted
            value is the capital sum which, if invested
            at a certain rate of interest compound, will
            increase to equal the future amount after a
            given number of years. Syn. discounting back.
            discount market FIN. in Britain, a section of
            the money market consisting of a small number
            of discount houses and bill-brokers who borrow
            money for short periods from banks and other
            large lenders and with the money buy (or dis-
            count) Treasury bills and bills of exchange
            generally. By arrangement, if the loans are
            called in (have to be paid immediately) the
            borrowers can go to the Bank of England for
            help, using as security the bills that they have
            discounted.
            discount rate (1) BKG. the rate of interest which
            banks are charging for discounting bills of
            exchange. In Britain the rate varies from time
            to time according to the Bank of England’s
            current lending rate; the rate will also vary
            according to the financial reputation of the
            acceptor of the bill. Syn. market rate of dis-
            count. (2) in U.S.A., the minimum lending
            rate, i.e. the rate of interest charged by the
            Federal Reserve Banks on loans to commercial
            banks in the federal system. Syn. (Britain) bank
            rate.
            discount store see discount house.
            discount tables com. a book of tables of figures
            which make it easy for buyers and sellers to
            know quickly the answers to calculations con-
            cerning discounts and prices.
            discrepancy accts. of figures, totals, balances,
            a failure to agree, showing that some mistake
            has been made, such as in adding or in posting.
            Syn. error; mistake.
            discretion freedom given by one businessman
            to another, such as by a client to his broker,
            or by an employer to an employee, to act as he
            thinks best in certain clearly-stated matters;
            but he must generally keep within the limits of
            his orders or directions: You have discretion to
            allow an extra discount up to 5%. I leave the
            matter to your discretion, to your judgment.
            discretionary income see under income.


                evince -p 192 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &



            discretionary order STK. EXCH. an order by a
            client to a stockbroker with a sum of money,
            directing him to buy securities to the value of
            that sum and giving him discretion (freedom)
            to decide which securities to buy.

            discretionary service STK. EXCH. a service
            whereby a stockbroker makes deals on a cli-
            ent’s behalf without consultation. Cf. advisory
            service; dealing-only service.

            discretionary spending ECON. & COM. the
            spending of money by consumers on things
            that are not essential to living, but which can
            be bought (or not bought) at the discretion,
            or choice, of the consumer. See discretionary
            income under income.

            discretionary trust LAW & FIN. a trust of which
            the trustees are allowed to use their discretion
            or judgment in managing it and in distributing
            its income, and in some cases its capital, among
            the beneficiaries.

            discriminating duty see under duty.

            discriminating monopoly see under mon-
            opoly.

            discriminating tariff see multiple tariff under
            tariff.

            discrimination (1) treating some people or
            things differently from others esp. in dis-
            tinguishing good from bad: She shows discrimi-
            nation in choosing her friends. (2) IND. REL.
            showing prejudice in treating some persons
            more favourably than others: The employers
            promised that there would be no discrimination
            against the strikers, they would not be treated
            differently from other employees.
            racial discrimination treating people unfavour-
            ably because of their race.
            (3) ECON. treating one market or country
            differently from another: Price discrimination,
            charging different prices for the same com-
            modity in different markets. See discriminating
            monopoly under monopoly. Trade discrimi-
            nation, in foreign trade, showing favour to some
            countries and disfavour to others by the use of
            exchange controls, quotas, tariffs, etc.

            discriminatory tax see under tax.

            diseconomies of scale ECON. & IND. increases
            in average costs as an industrial unit expands.
            Increases of efficiency and a lowering of costs
            per unit of output usu. result from increasing
            the scale of production but only up to a point.
            Decreases in efficiency and rising costs then
            set in, caused either by internal difficulties of
            managing the bigger unit, with more and more
            managers needed to run it, or by external
            difficulties caused by increased demand for

            ‘materials, labour, etc. Cf. economies of scale.

            disembarkation sHIpG. the act of going on
            Shore, or of putting on shore passengers and
            cargo from a ship or boat: Disembarkation of
            passengers at Beirut will begin at 10.00 hrs. from
            the main deck. Syn. landing.

            a ee vy : _ : _  , 5 Pa. ae EEE

            disinvest - 181

            disencumber LAw to free (somebody) from a
            charge or liability such as a mortgage. N. disen-
            cumbrance.

            disequilibrium ECON. THEORY an unbalanced
            state in an economy when market forces, such
            as changes in supply and demand, cause a
            stable or steady situation, esp. in the price-
            level, to be disturbed. Unsteadiness will nor-
            mally continue until a new position of equilib-
            rium (or state of balance) is reached. Opp.
            equilibrium.

            disguised unemployment see hidden unem-
            ployment under unemployment.

            dishoarding ECON. bringing idle money-bal-
            ances or stored goods back into economic use
            after being hoarded, i.e. kept in a state of
            unproductiveness. Opp. hoarding. Pron. dis-
            hor-.

            dishonest handling see handling (3).

            dishonour BKG. & COM. (1) of a bill of exchange,

            failure by the person on whom a bill is drawn
            (the drawee or debtor) to accept it on presen-
            tation, called dishonour by non-acceptance or,
            having accepted it, failure to pay it at maturity,
            called dishonour by non-payment. Pron. dis-on-
            or. Syn. (U.S.A.) dishonor.
            notice of dishonour notice that must be given
            immediately by the holder of a bill of exchange
            to the drawer and to each endorser when the
            bill has been dishonoured. The return of the
            dishonoured bill to the drawer is by law
            sufficient notice of dishonour.
            (2) of a cheque, refusal by a bank to pay a
            cheque because there is not a sufficient credit
            balance in the drawer’s account. This is usu.
            done by the bank marking the cheque Refer to
            drawer and returning it to the payee through
            his bank.

            dishonoured bill see under bill of exchange.

            dishonoured cheque see dishonour (2).

            disinflation ECON. & FIN. planned action taken
            by a government, as a gentle form of deflation,
            to slow down or stop the rate of inflation
            without causing high unemployment. The aim
            is to reduce monetary demand and to increase
            the supply of goods and services without raising
            the level of incomes. The measures taken may
            include: rationing and price controls on scarce
            commodities, controls on consumer credit and
            hire-purchase, and fairly high interest-rates.
            Cf. deflation; reflation. Opp. inflation.

            disintegration ECON. planned action by a group
            of industrial units to stop producing certain
            products and instead to buy them from outside
            producers. See contracting-out; subcontract-
            ing. Opp. integration.

            disintermediation FIN. & BKG. avoiding the
            use of intermediaries, i.e. middlemen, by bor-
            rowing or lending direct without using a bank.
            Opp. reintermediation.

            disinvest ECON. (1) to reduce stocks of com-



                evince -p 193 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            182 - disinvestment

            modities, esp. after a boom period scan? ee
            will have risen above the normal leve : .
            reduce a stock of capital equipment we a
            replacing items when they wear out. OPP.

            invest. ee
            disinvestment ECON. & FIN. a reduction In the

            ount of capital goods in an economy,
            = after a ie trade depression onary
            which capital goods wore out oF became out 0
            date and were not replaced, or because they
            were sold for foreign currency to pay for the
            expense of a war. Syn. negative investment.
            See also inventory investment under invest-
            ment. Opp. investment.
            disk/diskette see magnetic disk.
            disk drive Comp. a machine (controlled by a
            computer) that causes a magnetic disk to spin
            and thus to pass information to the computer,
            or to record information received from the
            computer. It can also search for and find items
            of information already recorded on it. Disk
            drives are much faster to use than tape cas-
            settes.
            dismal science, the ECON. the name given
            in the first half of the nineteenth century to
            economics (then called political economy) after
            Malthus and the Classical School had written
            so miserably about the future standard of living
            of the people of Britain. See Malthus, Thomas
            Robert.
            dismissal see constructive dismissal; summary
            dismissal; wrongful dismissal.
            dispatch (1) to send away to a certain place:
            We have dispatched the goods by rail today. (2)
            quick, prompt settlement of business: He acted
            with dispatch. (3) a report: A dispatch-box,
            dispatch-case, for keeping or carrying dis-
            patches. Syn. despatch.
            dispatch, advice of see advice of dispatch.
            dispatch-case see briefcase.
            dispatch note COM. & TRANSPT. a written notice
            from the sender of goods telling the person
            who is to receive them that they have been
            dispatched (sent away). Syn. advice note.
            dispenser see cash dispenser.
            displ. displacement.
            displacement tonnage see under tonnage.
            display (1) CoM. an arrangement of goods in
            a shop to attract the eye of the public: A
            window/counter/shelf display. Display packaging,
            containers such as boxes, tins, bottles, attrac-
            tively produced in order to make a good display
            in shops. Display material, posters, showcards,
            etc. intended to be displayed with goods in
            shops or shop windows. Display cabinet, a glass-
            et cupboard or tray for showing goods.
            ons nth ms Special use of printer’s type
            esigns to produce an attractive
            ‘a ne of words esp. in an advertisement
            cet ag no 2 pe
            plays and headings rather than

            for setting the pages of a book, called a book.
            face. ; oe

            isponent shipowner see shipowner.

            isposable goods COM. consumer goods that
            are intended to be used only once and then be
            disposed of (thrown away), such as towels
            plates, cups and clothing made of paper, and
            knives, forks and spoons made of plastic. Sy».
            disposables.

            lisposable income ECON. the total income
            which all people in the economy have left for
            spending after paying direct taxes, such as
            income tax, and contributions that must be
            made by law, such as for national insurance,

            lisposal the act of getting rid of (something):
            Disposal of property, by selling it. Disposal of
            business, at a meeting, by discussing or settling
            it. Disposal of assets, securities.
            at one’s disposal for use as one wishes: J put
            my car at your disposal, for you to use as you

            ish.
            sccveauen disposals p/. goods no longer needed
            by the government and therefore sold cheaply
            to the public. bd

            lispossession see expropriation.

            lispute (1) a strong disagreement. (2) IND. REL.
            a heated argument with one side struggling to
            make the other yield: A trade/industrial dispute,
            one between employer or management on one
            side and employees or trade union(s) on the
            other about wages and working conditions.
            Matters under/in dispute, being argued or dis-
            cussed. See also demarcation dispute.

            Jisruption of markets, seriously disturbed con-
            ditions making trading difficult or impossible:
            Disruption of business caused by the war/the
            general election. Syn. disturbance.

            Jis-saving ECON. the opposite of saving; the
            using up of past savings by spending. The
            situation in an economy when total consump-
            tion is greater than total income.

            dissolution Law (1) of a company, the end of
            its existence, when it has been wound up or
            when it has been made a defunct company by
            the Registrar of Companies. (2) of a partner-
            ship, when it has been brought to an end by
            the retirement, death or bankruptcy of any one
            of the partners, or by common agreement of
            all the partners, or by order of a court of law.

            dissolve to bring to an end; to break up: To
            dissolve a partnership/association|company. N.
            dissolution.

            dist. distant; district; distinguish.

            distance freight see under freight.

            distant (1) far away: The distant subscriber, the
            person being telephoned by the caller. (2) TRAN-

            _ SPT. of a place, far or the furthest away: The
            station is five miles distant. The distant port, that
            which is furthest away. Abbr. dist.

            distinctive competence MAN. an organi-
            zation’s main skill (rather than its products or


                evince -p 194 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            markets). The term 1s often used about service
            companies. Our distinctive competence is trans-
            porting dangerous chemicals.

            igtr. distribution.
            nara caw to seize goods, esp. goods belong-

            ing to a tenant in order to get payment of rent
            ‘1 arrear. See distress. N. distraint.

            distrainor LAW a person who distrains.

            distress (1) LAW the act of seizing goods by
            permission of a court of law, esp. by a landlord
            to obtain payment of rent 1n arrear. Also by a
            rate-collector or tax-collector to obtain pay-
            ment of arrears, and by an officer of the court to
            obtain payment of unpaid fines. Syn. distraint;
            levy. (2) SHIPG. great difficulty or danger: A
            ship in distress. Port of distress, one at which a
            ship calls only because it has been in difficulty
            and needs shelter or repairs. Distress signals,
            calling for help from other ships, rescue ser-
            vices, etc.

            distressed adj. COM. (of goods) in poor con-
            dition; slightly damaged or worn: Most goods
            offered in countertrade are distressed in some
            way.

            distress selling com. selling which is forced
            and often therefore at a low price, such as the
            stock of a bankrupt business in liquidation, or
            on the death of the owner of property or, by
            court order, to pay debts. Cf. distraint.

            distress warrant see under warrant.

            distributable profit accts. what is left of the
            net profit of a business (including any balance
            brought forward from last year) after allowing
            for transfers to reserves. Syn. earnings.

            distributed processing COMP. a system in
            which terminals at various distant sites are
            linked to a central computer. Syn. remote pro-
            cessing.

            distribution (1) the dividing up, sending out,
            spreading or scattering of something among a
            number of people or places. Abbr. distr. (2)
            CoM. the arrangements and activities needed
            for getting goods from the manufacturer or
            importer to the consumer through the channels
            of distribution which are usu. the wholesalers
            and retailers. Activities include the storage
            of stocks, the spreading of supplies among
            retailers, the handling of orders, the transport
            of the goods, relations with customers and
            credit control. See chain of distribution; dis-
            tributive trades. (3) ECON. THEORY one of the
            main branches of economics, often called the
            Theory of Distribution or of Income Distribution.
            It examines and explains the prices (incomes)
            paid out of the national income to owners of
            the factors of production, i.e. rent for the use
            of land, wages for labour, interest for the use of
            capital, and profits as the reward for enterprise,
            CSp. the taking of risks. It studies particularly
            the influences that determine these factor-
            prices under various market conditions. It also

            == 6S,

            distringas notice - 183

            studies how the national income is divided
            among the different classes and occupations of
            the people, esp. to assess the degree of
            inequality of income. (4) IND. of industry, the
            general pattern of the places or regions in
            which industries have come to exist in a coun-
            try. In areas where the older industries are
            dying, governments attempt to reduce the
            resulting high unemployment and poverty by
            attracting new industries and by providing for
            the retraining of the unemployed workers. (5)
            LAW the division of the personal assets of a
            bankrupt person among his creditors according
            to the law. (6) LAW the division of the property
            of an intestate (a person who has died without
            leaving a will) among his next-of-kin according
            to the law. (7) STK. EXCH. the division of a part
            or most of the net profit of a company, usu.
            once or twice a year, among its members
            (shareholders) in the form of dividends. (8) the
            amount of dividend paid on each share or the
            amount paid on loan capital such as deben-
            tures: The next distribution is due on 31 June.
            cum distribution see under cum.
            total distribution the total of the interim and
            final dividends declared by a company. See
            final dividend under dividend.

            istribution census see under census.

            istribution, chain of see chain of distri-
            bution.

            istributive costs COM. & IND. the cost of
            getting goods from the place of production to
            the consumer including storage, transport and
            selling costs.

            istributive trades com. all those business
            organizations, large or small, that play a part
            in commercial distribution, i.e. bringing goods
            from producer to consumer. They consist
            broadly of: traders, such as _ wholesalers,
            retailers, shopkeepers, self-service stores,
            supermarkets, hotels, restaurants and caterers:
            commercial and financial services, such as
            banks, discount and finance houses, lawyers,
            advertising agencies and printers; and trans-
            port services by rail, road, sea and air.

            jistributor COM. a retailer who has arranged
            with one or more suppliers to sell a product or
            range of products. Where he is the only seller
            ina particular place or area he is known as the
            sole distributor. He is often said to have a sole
            agency or exclusive agency, but he is strictly not
            an agent because he buys and sells for himself
            and not as the representative of another party.
            See exclusive sales agreement.

            listrict auditor see Audit Commission.

            listrict manager see under manager.

            istrict of Columbia an area in U.S.A. in
            which the federal capital, Washington, is situ-
            ated. The District is ruled by Congress, and
            belongs to no state. Abbr. DC.; D.C.

            listringas notice LAW & STK. EXCH. a special



                evince -p 195 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            184 - disturbance

            kind of notice which, _ the ee ding
            court, can be served on a comp™ nd shares for
            dealings in certain of its stocks and shat" oi
            ited period without first givins ae
            . limite P erving the notice. Distr-
            mation to the person SCrVINE Oe ces
            ingas notices on co distress cases.
            . ee aisruption. < eh iaey.
            eaten Re nek the opposite of a
            the dissatisfaction, inconvenience OF pain tha
            is suffered by having too much of a commodity,
            such as the discomfort from too much food, or
            the nuisance of having so much furniture that
            it gets in the way. Syn. negative utility.
            D.1.T. double income-tax (relief).
            ditto the same; sometimes represented by the
            sign ‘*. Abdr. do.
            Div., div. dividend.
            div. divide; division; dividend.
            diversification (1) sTK. EXCH. the placing of
            one’s investments in a wide range of companies
            in order to spread the risk of losing one’s money
            if a company fails. To small private investors
            this is the special attraction of unit trusts as an
            investment. (2) COM. & IND. the production of
            a number of widely differing products, or the
            running of a number of completely different
            commercial activities, in order to reduce the
            risk of losses when business is bad. (3) MAN. a
            strategy that widens the range of the markets
            in which a company operates. It is achieved
            either through the acquisition of another com-
            pany or by launching a new venture. V. diver-
            sify.
            diversion TRANSPT. a change from the normal
            route travelled by road, rail, ship or plane. The
            tanker made a diversion to repair her engines. A
            diversion on the Oxford road to avoid floods.
            divestiture STK. EXCH. (1) the act of selling
            assets to obtain cash. (2) the act of a holding
            company in ridding itself of a subsidiary com-
            pany in order to overcome some difficulty, such
            as: the subsidiary making a loss; or the holding
            company wanting the cash; or as the result of
            a court order under the anti-trust laws (in
            U.S.A.). The various methods of doing this
            include: selling the subsidiary to another com-
            pany; or giving the shares in the subsidiary to
            another company; or giving the shares in the
            subsidiary company to the holding company’s
            own shareholders (see spin-off). Syn. divest-
            ment.
            divestment FIN. the act of reducing the number
            of one’s investments by selling some of them.
            See also divestiture.
            divi. (collog.) dividend.
            dividend (1) strictly, an amount to be divided,
            such as the total sum to be paid out of profits
            or as interest on a loan. Its commercial mean-
            “te - one of the parts into which an amount
            ue cen divided and shared out, esp. to stock-
            olders or shareholders of a company as their

            rofits or of part of the profits, o,
            on of a bankrupt. A dividend jg
            expressed either as a percentage, or as a part
            of a pound/dollar, etc., €.g. pence/cents per
            share. Abbr. Div.; div.; divi.; divvy.; pl. divs.
            national dividend see national income.

            (2) LAW a part-payment of a number of pence
            in each pound made to creditors of a bankrupt
            or of a company in liquidation, after the assets
            have been sold for cash. (3) COM. a share of
            the trading surplus of a co-operative society
            expressed as a percentage of the amount spent
            in the co-operative store during a certain Period
            and paid to each member after the end of
            the period or returned in the form of trading
            stamps. Strictly, this 1s a return of money
            overpaid on goods bought. See consumers’ co-
            operative under co-operative. (4) INSCE. a share
            of the profits of a life insurance company that
            is paid to holders of ‘with profits’ policies. See
            with-profits policy under insurance policy. (5)
            INSCE. the share of the ‘profits paid to policy
            holders of a mutual insurance company.
            Strictly, this is a return of money overpaid on
            the premiums. (6) STK. EXCH. that part of a
            company’s profits which 1s divided among the
            members (stockholders or shareholders). It can
            only be paid out of profits, not out of capital
            or reserves, and may not be greater than the
            amount recommended by the directors. Divi-
            dends are expressed either as a percentage of
            the face value of the stock or share on which
            they are paid, or as a fixed sum per share: The
            company has declared a dividend of 20% or 5p
            per share of 25p face value. See also cum; ex.
            cum dividend see under cum.
            (7) STK. EXCH. incorrectly, a periodical payment
            of interest on the loan stock of a company such
            as debentures or on a government security.
            Strictly, this is interest payable on a loan, not
            a division of profit.
            accumulated dividend arrears of dividends on
            cumulative preference stock or shares, which
            have not been paid when due.
            bonus dividend an extra dividend paid for a
            special reason, such as to mark an important
            event.
            cumulative dividend one payable on cumulative
            preference shares, which, if not paid annually,
            will accumulate from year to year; the accumu-
            lation has to be paid before any ordinary divi-
            dends become payable.
            debenture dividend an inaccurate expression for
            debenture interest. See debenture stock.
            final dividend where an interim dividend has
            been paid earlier in the financial year, a final
            dividend is that declared by the members
            (shareholders) of the company at their annual
            general meeting. It is an addition to the interim
            dividend, and the two dividends, interim
            and final, together are known as the total


                evince -p 196 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            ‘tribution. | |
            es dividend the last of several interim

            oi s
            vie a partial dividend that may be
            declared by the directors usu. half-way through
            the financial year, and before the full profits
            are known. The amount must be confirmed
            (approved) at the next annual general meeting
            before the final dividend is declared.
            ordinary dividend that payable on the ordinary
            stock or shares of a company.
            preference dividend that payable on preference
            stock or shares in a company.
            stock dividend (U.S.A.) the issue of stock
            instead of a cash dividend usu. to avoid paying
            out cash and yet to please stockholders. Cf.
            bonus share.

            dividend cover see cover (6).

            dividend limitation FIN. the placing by the
            government of an upper limit on the rate of
            dividend that a company may pay perh. as part
            of a policy to hold down incomes and reduce
            inflation. Syn. dividend restraint.

            dividend mandate see under mandate.

            dividend off (U.S.A.) STK. EXCH. without the
            next dividend payment. Syn. (Britain) ex divi-
            dend (ex div.). Cf. dividend on.

            dividend on (U.S.A.) STK. EXCH. including the
            next dividend payment. Syn. (Britain) cum
            dividend (cum div.). Cf. dividend off.

            dividend options INSCE. the choices given to
            the holder of a ‘with-profits’ life assurance
            policy concerning the way he wishes the
            insurers to pay his dividend, whether 1n cash,
            or to be held by the insurers to earn interest,
            or to be used towards payment of the next
            premium, or to be used to buy more insurance.

            dividend per share STK. EXCH. normally the
            total dividend (interim(s) and final) paid by a
            company in its latest full accounting year on
            each of its issued shares; but this figure is
            adjusted if an interim or the final dividend
            differs from the one before. Abbr. Div/Share;
            D.P.S.

            dividend-price ratio (U.S.A.) STK. EXCH. the
            relation between the current dividend rate and
            the market price of a security. Cf. price earn-
            ings ratio.

            dividend reinvestment plan STK. EXCH. an
            arrangement offered by some companies, esp.
            in U.S.A., that allows existing shareholders to
            receive all or part of their dividends in the
            form of new ordinary shares in the same com-
            ‘pany, Abbr. D.R.P.; D.I.P.

            dividend-stripping FIN. any practice by which
            one company buys control of another company
            and arranges matters so that income is received
            in such a way that tax is evaded (dishonestly
            avoided). Cf. asset-stripping.

            dividend Warrant BKG. in Britain, an order
            similar to a cheque by a company to its bank

            divd. - 185

            to pay a stated sum to a named stockholder or
            shareholder. Unless stated otherwise on its
            face, the warrant is a negotiable instrument. A
            tax voucher is attached to it showing how the
            sum was calculated and the amount of tax that
            has been held back by the company. This
            voucher is used by the stockholder or share-
            holder in supporting any claim he may make
            for a return of tax by the Inland Revenue.

            dividend yield see under yield.

            division one of the more or less independent
            units into which a large commercial, industrial
            or governmental organization has been divided
            for purposes of management: The plastics div-
            ision of Imperial Chemical Industries. The book-
            publishing division of H.M. Stationery Office.
            Abbr. div.

            divisional director see under director.

            divisionalization MAN. the breaking down of
            an organization into separate units which serve
            a particular market sector. These may be
            known as divisions or as separate companies,
            and are usu. run as separate profit centres. See
            also profit centre; strategic business unit.

            division of labour ECON. THEORY & IND. the
            basic system of obtaining economies in pro-
            duction and increasing the total output of the
            economy by organizing the manufacture of an
            article so that each worker gives all his time
            and attention to performing a single operation
            (called specialization) instead of performing the
            many different operations needed to produce
            the article. Advantages include: greatly
            increased output at lower cost, development of
            special skills and machinery, and saving in
            time because operation is continuous. Disad-
            vantages are that the work becomes uninterest-
            ing, quality of workmanship may be lower,
            administration becomes more complicated and
            business risk is increased. Syn. specialization.

            divs. dividends.

            Div/Share dividend per share.

            divvy. (collog.) dividend.

            D.I.Y. do it yourself.

            D.J.1.A. Dow Jones Idustrial Average. See Dow
            Jones averages.

            D.J.1.A. Dow Jones Transportation Average.
            See Dow Jones averages.

            D.J.U.A. Dow Jones Utilities Average. See Dow
            Jones averages.

            dk. dock; deck.

            dkg. decagram(me).

            Dk.L. deck load; deck loss.

            dki. decalitre.

            dkm. decametre.

            dkyd. dockyard.

            dl. decilitre.

            did. delivered.

            D.L.O. Dead Letter Office.

            d.l.o. dispatch loading only.

            divd. delivered.



                evince -p 197 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            186 - dly.

            diy. daily.

            dm. decimetre.

            D.M.U. decision making unit.

            D.N., D/N debit note.

            do. ditto.

            D.O. deferred ordinary (shares); delivery order;

            direct order.
            d/o. delivery order.
            do (collog.) (1) to cheat; to obtain by a trick: /
            have been done, cheated. Be careful that he does
            not do you. (2) to visit and look at, as a tourist:
            To do the Pyramids/the Cairo Museum|the Val-
            ley of the Kings. (3) to work for, as a cleaner:
            Mrs Mop does for me. (4) to help: What can |
            do for you? (5) do down, to cheat: He will try
            to do you down. (6) do for, to destroy; to ruin;
            to become useless: The ship on the rocks/this old
            machine/the defendant’s career is done for. (7) do
            with, to need: We could do with a new car. This
            town could do with a supermarket. You could do
            with a hair-cut. See also do it yourself.
            Doc., doc. document(s); Doctor.
            dock (1) SHIPG. in Britain, an area of enclosed
            water where ships can tie up to the shore and
            use the machinery and services provided by the
            port while loading and unloading passengers or
            cargo. (2) a place where ships are built or
            repaired. See dock; dry dock; floating dock.
            (3) (U.S.A.) a pier, jetty or wharf itself, not
            necessarily in enclosed water. (4) TRANSPT.
            (U.S.A.) a raised floor beside a road where
            trucks can be easily loaded and unloaded. A/so
            shipping dock. Syn. (Britain) loading bay.
            Abbr. dk.
            to be in dock to be undergoing repair, esp. of
            ships but also of road vehicles: My car ts in
            dock today.
            dockage SHIPG. charges based usu. on net regis-
            ter tonnage payable by a shipowner when the
            ship enters or leaves dock, for the use of the
            arrangements provided. See tonnage dues. Syn.
            dock dues.
            dock basin see under basin (1).
            dock company one that owns and runs or
            manages a dock or system of docks for commer-
            cial gain.
            dock dues see dockage. Abbr. D/D.
            docker SHIPG. a worker employed in loading and
            unloading ships in the docks (port area). Syn.
            (U.S.A.) longshoreman; stevedore.
            docket (1) a short note on the outside of a
            folded document or packet of papers stating its
            contents. Dockets were formerly much used
            when papers were stored in pigeon-holes, but
            are not now needed with modern filing systems.
            (2) Law in U.S.A., a list of cases coming up
            for trial in a court of law. (3) COM. a cash
            memo.
            dock receipt TRANSPT. a receipt for goods held
            or handled in the course of carriage, by the

            owner or manager of a dock-s;
            Syn. iaatedects receipt. Side Warehouse
            docks n. pi. the port area of a town.
            dockside see quay.
            dock warrant SHIPG. a formal rece;
            to the owner of goods stored ada
            house or to his agent, giving him the ime,
            get possession of the stored goods or to ‘eee
            that right to another party by endorseme er
            Syn. warehouse warrant; deposit Whtrans
            wharfinger’s warrant. See also delivery orde,
            Abbr. D.W.; d.w. |
            dockyard sHIPG. a shipyard with machinery and
            supplies where ships are built or repaired. App,
            dkyd.; Dyd.; D.Y. |
            doctor (1) a person holding the highest degree
            given by a university: A Doctor of Philosophy,
            Civil Law/Economic Science, etc. A \earned
            teacher. (2) a doctor of medicine, the title
            Doctor being given by custom to physicians
            (persons practising medicine) but not to sur-
            geons. Abbr. Doc.; Dr.
            company doctor a professional medical man
            employed by a company to advise the manage-
            ment on medical matters and to attend to the
            health of its employees.
            company-doctor a person with speciai know-
            ledge of how to rescue unprofitable companies
            from going into liquidation. He may be
            employed as a consultant to advise, or he may
            be given wide powers to reorganize the staff
            and activities of the company.
            document nr. (1) a written or printed paper, esp.
            one which records important information and
            provides proof of some fact. Abbr. Doc. (2)
            LAW legal and official papers; any paper that
            can be used as evidence (proof of a fact). (3)
            BKG. & COM. shipping documents, see separate
            entry.
            v. to provide with documents; to record in a
            document: The case has been well documented.
            documentary acceptance credit BKG. &
            COM. an acceptance credit (see under accept-
            ance) that has been granted to an importer
            with an arrangement that the exporter’s bill of
            exchange will be accepted by a bank in the
            exporter’s country on presentation of the ship-
            ping documents.
            documentary bill see under bill of exchange.
            documentary credit see under credit (3).
            documentary draft see documentary bill under
            bill of exchange.
            documentary letter of credit see under letter
            of credit.
            documentation comp. computer instruction
            manuals for the user. We bought Company X's
            computers because their documentation is better
            than Company Y’s.
            document bill see documentary bill under bill
            of exchange.
            document of title Law a document which


                evince -p 198 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            gives the holder a right to deal with the prop-

            erty to which the document relates as though

            he owns the property. Bills of lading, export

            ‘nvoices and dock warrants are documents of
            €.

            Ee against acceptance BKG. a
            means of getting payment for export ship-
            ments, by which the exporter or his agent sends
            the shipping documents to a bank at the port
            of destination (i.e. where the goods are to be
            unloaded) with an order to hand the documents
            to the consignee or his agent only when the
            bill of exchange has been accepted by the
            consignee. Cf. cash against documents. Abbr.
            D.A.; D/A.; d/a.

            documents-against-acceptance bill see
            under bill of exchange. Abbr. D/A bill.

            documents against cash see cash against
            documents. Abbr. D.C.

            documents against payment see cash
            against documents. Abbr. d.a.p.; D.P.; D/P.

            documents-against-payment bill see under
            bill of exchange.

            documents against presentation see cash
            against documents. Abbr. D/P bill.

            documents for collection see cash against
            documents; documents against acceptance.

            dodger TAXN. a person who illegally avoids pay-
            ing taxes: A tax-dodger needs to be clever.

            dodgy (collog.) risky; difficult; possibly danger-
            ous: A dodgy situation/transaction/venture.

            D.O.E. Department of the Environment.

            dog MAN. a product or business which has a low
            relative market share in a market with a low
            growth rate. As it is probably acting as a drag
            on company profits, it should be a candidate
            for divestment. See also growth/share matrix.

            dogsbody (collog.) an unskilled and usu. over-
            worked employee who is given the unpleasant
            and uninteresting jobs to do.

            do it yourself com. the practice of an unskilled
            person who carries out repairs, etc. to his own
            house or makes things himself in his spare
            time, partly to save money by not employing
            professional workers, and partly because he
            enjoys doing the work himself. A do-it-yourself
            shop sells the materials and tools needed by
            such persons. Abbr. D.I.Y.

            dol. dollar.

            doldrums sTK. EXCH. a calm period of trading
            during which there is little movement in prices:
            Shares were in the doldrums. The name of an
            area near the equator where there is often no
            wind, so that sailing ships could not move.

            dole (collog.) an allowance paid for a limited
            period to unemployed persons, called officially
            unemployment benefit: He is on the dole, is
            receiving unemployment benefit. A dole queue,
            —_ of unemployed people waiting to get the

            0) (oF
            dollar the standard monetary unit of many coun-

            Domestic Credit Expansion - 187

            tries, the most important of which (with their
            usual symbols) are: the American or U.S.A. or
            U.S. dollar ($ or U.S.$); the Australian dollar
            (A$); the Canadian dollar (C$); the East Carib-
            bean dollar (ECar$); and the New Zealand
            dollar (NZ$); all of which are divided into 100
            cents. The name dollar is also used in the
            currencies of: the Bahamas (B%$); Barbados
            (Bd$); Belize (Bz$); Bermuda (Bda$); Brunei
            (Br$); Cayman Is. (Cay$); Fiji (F$); Guyana
            (G$); Hong Kong (HK$); Jamaica (J$);
            Liberia (L$); Malaysia (M$); Singapore (S$);
            Solomon Is. (SI$); Taiwan (NT$ = New Tai-
            wan dollar); Trinidad and Tobago (TT$); Zim-
            babwe (Z$). Abbr. d.; dol.; dols. (p/.). Sym-
            bol $.
            Australian dollar is used in Australia, Christ-
            mas I., Cocos (Keeling) Is., Gilbert Is., Nauru,
            New Hebrides, Norfolk I. Abbr. A$.
            East Caribbean dollar is used in Antigua, Domi-
            nica, Grenada, Montserrat, St. Kitts-Nevis-
            Anguilla, St. Lucia, St. Vincent. Abbr. ECar$;
            EC$.
            New Zealand dollar is used in New Zealand,
            Cook Is., Nieue, Tokelau Is. Abbr. NZS.
            U.S. dollar (also called U.S.A. or American
            dollar) is used in U.S.A., American Samoa,
            Guam, Johnston I., Midway Is., Panama Canal
            Zone, Puerto Rico, Turks & Caicos Is., Wake
            I., Virgin Is. Syn. buck (collog.). Abbr. USS.
            Sign: $. See also almighty dollar, the; Maria
            Theresa dollars; petrodollars; Eurodollars.

            dollar area (1) FIN. & BKG. the area of the
            world where the U:S. dollar is used as standard
            currency. (2) the American Account countries
            and Canada.

            dollar pool FIN. & STK. EXCH. the total amount
            of U.S. dollars and dollar securities held by
            people resident (living permanently) in Britain.

            dollar premium FIN. & BKG. the extra cost of
            buying U.S. and Canadian investment dollars
            in Britain before the removal in 1979 of ex-
            change controls that forbade the changing of
            sterling into dollars for investment in U‘S.
            securities except through the dollar pool.

            dollar stocks sTK. ExcH. U.S. or Canadian
            securities.

            dols. dollars.

            dom. domestic.

            domestic (1) relating to the home, the private
            house or other place where one lives: Domestic
            servant/service. Domestic animal, one that is
            kept at home, is not wild. (2) relating to the
            home country: The domestic market, that exist-
            ing at home, not abroad. Domestic value, the
            cost of goods in the home country. Abbr. dom.

            domestic bill see under bill of exchange.

            Domestic Credit Expansion ECON. a ‘narrow’
            measure of growth in the money supply, con-
            sisting of non-government loans by banks at
            home and to overseas borrowers p/us the Public



                evince -p 199 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            188 - domestic currency

            .), less
            Sector Borrowing Requirement ae ee
            overnment debt owing to the pay Sy
            Sher than banks. See money supply.
            D.C.E.
            domestic currency s¢e panera EY chi
            domestic investment see private |
            under investment. : ¥
            omestic port see under por.
            ane system ECON. HIST. the system of

            economic development which came before the

            factory system. Most articles and commodities

            were made in small workshops in or near the
            worker’s home. These workers had to depend
            often on travelling merchants to ‘put out or
            supply them with materials such as wool for
            spinning or weaving, and to collect and sell
            the finished product. Syn. putting-out system,
            homework.

            domestic trade see under trade.

            domicile (1) LAW the country in which a person
            has his permanent home and, if he is away,
            the place to which he intends to return in old
            age. Domicile of origin is the country in which
            a person is born. Domicile of choice 1s the
            country to which a person goes to live in and
            intends to stay, it not being the country in
            which he was born. Also domicil. (2) BKG. the
            business house or bank where a bill of exchange
            is made payable. The bill is said to be domiciled
            there. See domiciled bill under bill of exchange.

            domiciled bill see under bill of exchange.

            donation a gift, esp. of money given to some
            work for the public good, such as to the Red
            Cross.

            donee (1) a person who receives a gift from a
            donor. (2) LAW a person to whom a donor,
            grantor or principal has granted a power of
            attorney. Syn. grantee; attorney.

            donor (1) one who gives, a giver: A blood donor,
            a person who gives his blood for others who
            need it. (2) LAW a person giving a power of
            attorney to a donee. See also settlor. Syn. gran-
            tor; principal.

            door-to-door salesman see salesman; can-
            vasser.

            door-to-door service TRANSPT. an arrange-
            ment by which a carrier collects goods, possibly
            packed in a container, from the sender’s factory
            or warehouse and delivers to the address of the
            consignee.

            Dorchester Labourers see Tolpuddle Martyrs.

            dormant balance BKG. money lying in a dead
            account.

            dormant partner see sleeping partner under
            partner.

            dormitory a place for sleeping: Dormitory town/
            oe om = which most of its citizens
            another Souiicaans Pe ee ae
            an area just seis ete ee

            a town, where many people

            live who work in the town itself.

            . Dorset, England.

            1 hoGks (collog.) a cheap, low-class lodginp-
            house. Syn. (U.S.A. colloq.) flop-house.

            dossier a collection of papers relating to a cer-
            tain subject or to a certain person.

            dot see dowry. a

            dot graphics see under graphics. |

            dot-matrix printing COMP. a method of print-
            ing by which characters (letters, numbers and
            signs) are formed from an arrangement of from
            five to nine dots pressed on to the paper
            through an inky ribbon. Cf. daisy-wheel print-

            rs |
            Antiblbeaded TOUR. of a hotel room, with
            one double bed. Sometimes, a room with two
            single beds, but this is usu. called a twin-

            bedded room.
            double bond see conditional bond under bond,

            ssinite booking TOUR. the accepting of two (or
            more) bookings for the same room in a hotel,
            seat in a plane, train, etc. to make sure that
            there will be no loss by cancellation. See book,
            v. (2).

            ppienedpeae' (collog.) to behave in a disloyal
            or deceitful way, such as a dishonest person
            acting as agent for both sides in a deal; or to
            give secret information to business rivals. N.
            double-crosser.

            double dealing deception; cheating; dishonest
            dealing esp. in promising to do one thing and
            doing another. Syn. duplicity.

            double-decker (1) TRANSPT. a bus with two
            decks. (2) a ship with two decks above water-
            level.

            double endowment insurance see endow-
            ment policy under insurance policy.

            double entry Accts. the basic system of modern
            book-keeping by which each account has two
            sides, a debit side and a credit side, and each
            transaction (business deal) is entered twice, as
            a debit in one account and as a credit in
            another. The rule is: debit the receiver, credit
            the giver. Every debit must have a correspond-
            ing credit and every credit a corresponding
            debit. If all the entries have been correctly
            made, the total of all the debits must at any
            time equal the total of all the credits. By this
            simple check, mistakes can be quickly found
            and corrected. Cf. single entry. Abbr. d.e.

            double income-tax relief TAXN. to avoid mak-

            ing taxpayers pay income tax in two countries

            on the Same income, the tax authorities in most

            countries give relief where tax has already been

            paid in another country. Some countries have

            signed double taxation relief agreements to

            make this practice official. Abbr. D.LT. relief.

            Syn. double taxation relief (D.T.R.).

            double insurance INscr. the practice of arrang-

            ing to insure a certain object by means of two
            (or more) policies. This is quite proper so long


                evince -p 200 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &


            alue of the sums insured is
            value of the object insured.

            double liability see under Sah
            double option see under option. , i,
            ricing CoM. the showing by some shop

            double : of two prices on an article, the higher
            cS eee crossed through to make customers
            Kelidve that it has been reduced. Governments
            are against this practice, for if the higher price
            shown is a false one, the customer 1s being
            tricked into thinking that the article is a good
            bargain. Syn. dual pricing.

            double standard see parallel standard under
            standard.

            double taxation relief see double income-tax
            relief. Abbr. D.T.R.

            doubtful debt(s) see under debt.

            dough (collog.) money.

            Dow Jones averages STK. EXCH. in U.S.A., a
            number of weighted averages of prices of lead-
            ing stocks quoted on the New York Stock
            Exchange, calculated by Dow Jones & Co. and
            published hourly in their newspaper the Wall
            Street Journal, as well as being reported daily
            in many other newspapers all over the world.
            Dow Jones Industrial Average probably the
            world’s best-known index of the movement of
            prices and yields of common stock on the New
            York Stock Exchange. It is based on 30 leading
            U.S. industrial companies and is popularly
            called the Dow. Abbr. D.J.1.A.

            Dow Jones Transportation Average calculated
            on the stock prices of 20 leading air, road,
            rail and freight-forwarding companies. Abbr.
            D.J.T.A.

            Dow Jones Utilities Average based on the stock
            prices of 15 leading electric power and gas
            supply companies chosen so as to cover the
            whole country. Abbr. D.J.U.A.

            down (1) in a low or lower state or position:
            Down and out, (collog.) in a state of poverty. A
            down-and-out(er), a person in that condition.
            Down on one’s luck, suffering a period of misfor-
            tune and poverty. Down at heel, looking poor.
            (2) COM. & FIN. immediate payment: Cash
            down; Money down, paid or to be paid at
            the time of buying. Down payment, the first
            payment under a mortgage or hire-purchase
            agreement. £50 down, the balance by instal-
            ments. (3) IND. & IND. REL. To down tools, (a)
            to stop work. (5) to refuse to work; to go on
            strike, usu. suddenly and without warning. (4)
            STK. EXCH. of securities, lower in price: Indus-
            trials were marked down on fears of a strike. (5)
            COMMOD. EXCH. of commodities, lower in price:
            Zinc was down £10 per ton. (6) TRANSPT. of
            railways, in a direction away from the capital
            Or important railway centre: The down line/
            down train. Down platform, that from which
            down trains start. Opp. up.

            as the combined v
            not greater than the


            D.P.S. - 189

            downhill CoM. & FIN. To go downhill, to get into
            a worse financial condition.

            down market 7. see bear market under market.

            down-market CoM. of a shop or store, a tend-
            ency to supply what is wanted by buyers in the
            poorer sections of the market: That dress shop
            has moved down-market, is selling cheaper
            goods of lower quality than before. Opp. up-
            market.

            down payment see down (2). |

            downside adj. relating to a loss or a lowering
            of price or profit. Opp. upside.

            downside risk MAN. & FIN. the maximum loss
            that can be made from a project or business if
            everything goes wrong. .

            downstream adj., adv. IND. relating to second-
            ary industry (one that uses primary materials
            to produce goods usable by man). In the oil
            industry the term is used to cover the pro-
            duction, marketing and distribution of refined
            fuels and other goods from crude oil after it
            has been got out of the ground.

            downswing see downturn; trade cycle under
            cycle.

            downtime (1) IND. (a) time during which a
            worker is paid but is unable to do any useful
            work, perh. for lack of materials or directions.
            (b) time during which no use is made of
            machinery. Syn. lost time. (2) COMP. the time
            during which a computer is not being used
            because it is not working properly, expressed
            as a percentage of the time that it has been
            planned to operate. Cf. uptime.

            downtown see central business district.

            down train see under train; also down (6).

            downturn (1) movement (of prices, quantities,
            etc.) ina downward direction. Syn. downswing.
            Opp. upturn. (2) See trade cycle under cycle.

            downward(s) sTK. EXCH. towards a lower pos-
            ition: A downward tendency in oils, prices of oil
            shares tending to fall.

            dowry FIN. wealth in the form of land, money,
            investments, etc., brought by a wife to her
            husband at the time of their marriage. Syn.
            dot; dower; marriage portion.

            doz. dozen(s).

            dozen Com. a set or group of 12 things. In some
            trades, esp. A baker’s dozen or long dozen, 13
            charged as 12. Cheaper by the dozen, the price
            per unit is lower if you buy not less than 12 at
            one time. Abbr. doz.
            dozen pi. three dozen eggs; but dozens of eggs
            (if no number of dozens is stated).

            D.P. delivery point; documents against pay-
            ment; duty paid; data processing.

            D/P. documents against payment.

            d.p. direct port.

            D.P.B. deposit pass book.

            D/P bill documents-against-payment bill.

            D.P.P. Director of Public Prosecutions.

            D.P.S. dividend per share.



                evince -p 201 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &



            190 - dpt.

            dpt. department; deposit; depot.

            Dr. debit: debtor; director; doctor; drachma;
            drawer.

            dr. debit; debtor; drachm; drachma: dram:
            draw(n).

            D/R. deposit receipt.

            drachm see dram.

            draft (1) formal document which ts used to draw
            (extract) money from a source of supply. Addr.
            df.; dft. (2) BKG. a bill of exchange, esp. any
            bill before it has been accepted, or a bank bill,
            or a sight bill, or an inland bill. Any written
            order to pay money; the money so paid. See
            bill of exchange. (3) a document in an early or
            rough form while it is being prepared: This is
            the first draft of my report. The final draft of the
            accounts is ready. V. to draft a document.

            draft terms CoM. conditions of sale which pro-
            vide for the exporter drawing a bill of exchange
            or draft on his customer or on a bank.

            dragoman Tour. a local guide and interpreter
            (a person who can speak several languages),
            esp. in the Middle East.

            drain an outflow; an opening through which
            something runs away and is lost: The brain
            drain, the loss of highly skilled and clever
            persons who are attracted abroad by higher
            pay and better conditions of work. A drain of
            capital/gold/money, etc. from the country.

            dram (1) a small weight, one-sixteenth of an
            ounce avoirdupois, 1.772 g; or one-eighth of
            an ounce apothecaries’ weight, 3.885 g. Also
            drachm, pron. dram. (2) a small quantity of
            liquid, esp. of strong drink. Abbr. dr.

            draught (1) sHIPG. of a ship, the distance from
            the bottom of the ship to the water-line at
            which the vessel is actually floating. The least
            depth of water needed by a ship to float.
            laden draught the draught when loaded, as
            opposed to light draught.
            load draught the distance from the bottom of
            the ship to the load water-line, i.e. the limiting
            line to which a ship 1s allowed to load according
            to the rules of classification or the conditions
            under which she is operating. See load-line.
            (2) TRANSPT. of animals, used for pulling carts,
            ploughs, etc.: A draught-horse. Cf. pack-horse.
            (3) (collog.) To feel the draught, to suffer the
            discomfort of unfavourable economic con-
            ditions: The shipbuilding industry is feeling the
            draught of world depression. Retailers felt the
            draught when V.A.T. was raised. Pron. draft.
            Syn. (U.S.A.) draft.

            draw n. COM. (collog.) something that attracts
            the interest of shoppers and encourages them
            to spend money. Father Christmas is a great
            draw in the toy department. The giving of double
            trading stamps on Tuesday is a draw. Abbr. dr.
            v. (1) to attract; to pull: A horse-drawn waggon.
            To draw someone’s attention to something, to
            bring it to his notice. To draw a large audience/

            many customers | adverse comment | criticis
            praise. (2) to extract; to take out: To draw cash/
            interest/profits/salary/expenses/allowances, etc
            To draw on stocks/reserves/one's savings. To
            draw lots, to decide a question or choice by
            chance, by taking something (e.g. a name o,;
            number) out that is hidden from sight in g
            container. (3) to make out, write out: To draw
            up a document/plan/ programme list /agenda|
            itinerary, etc. To draw the line (at), to set a limit.
            (4) BKG. to write out and sign a cheque, bill of
            exchange, etc. The person who draws is called
            the drawer; the person who is called on to pay
            is the drawee; the person who is to receive the
            money is the payee. Syn. to draft.

            drawback (1) COM. & TAXN. a repayment of

            customs duty when goods or materials on which
            import duty has been paid are later exported.
            (2) the document authorizing such a repay-
            ment, sometimes called a customs debenture.
            Syn. customs drawback. See customs deben-
            ture. Abbr. dbk.

            drawee BKG. of a cheque: the named bank on
            whom the cheque (or order to pay) is drawn.
            Of a bank draft: the bank named in the order
            to pay. Of a bill of exchange: the named person
            to whom the bill is addressed and who is
            expected to accept it and to pay it when it
            matures. He becomes the acceptor when he
            accepts the bill. Cf. drawer.

            drawer BKG. of a cheque: a person who draws
            (writes out and signs) a cheque ordering his
            bank, called the drawee, to pay a sum of money
            on demand. Of a bill of exchange: a person
            who signs a bill ordering another person, the
            drawee, to pay a stated sum of money at a
            stated time. Cf. drawee. Abbr. Dr.

            drawing account BKG. a current account, see
            under bank account.

            drawing, Cum see cum drawing.

            Drawing Rights FIN. the original rights of
            countries who are members of the International
            Monetary Fund, and who have a temporarily
            adverse balance of payments, to buy limited
            supplies of foreign currencies from a reserve
            collected and managed by the Fund. This ori-
            ginal system of rights, called Ordinary or Reg-
            ular Drawing Rights, was found to be in some
            ways lacking and was enlarged and strength-
            ened in 1968 by Special Drawing Rights
            (S.D.R.s) a new international reserve currency
            system. The amount, which is fixed for each
            country each year, can be used along with
            gold for settling debts between governments
            without having to be exchanged into any par-
            ticular currency. See International Monetary
            Fund.

            drawings account accts. in a privately-owned
            business, a personal account of the owner, in
            which are recorded all drawings (sums of
            money drawn by him). If he takes goods from

            m |


                evince -p 202 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            the stock of the business, their value too is
            entered in the drawings account,
            drawn bill see under bill of exchange.
            drawn bond see under bond, a
            drift STK. EXCH. of prices, to move slowly, usu
            downwards: Equities continued to drift lower
            drifter SHIPG. a fishing vessel that uses a drift-
            net, ie. a net that hangs upright in the water
            and is left to drift (move slowly with the tide).
            Cf. trawler.
            drilling rig IND. a tower-like structure with
            machinery for making holes deep in the earth
            for getting oil or natural gas. An offshore drilling
            rig is one specially made for drilling in the sea-
            bed.
            drip advertising ADVTG. an advertising cam-
            paign in which the advertisements are shown
            now and again over a long period of time. Syn.
            drip campaign. Cf. burst advertising.
            drip campaign see drip advertising.
            drip irrigation see trickle irrigation under irri-
            gation.
            drive v. COM. to force: To drive a (hard) bargain,
            to make severe conditions. To drive sales away.
            To drive prices up or down.
            n. (1) a planned effort: A sales drive, to increase
            sales. An advertising drive. Syn. campaign. (2)
            in a person, energy and will-power in getting
            things done: A manager with plenty of drive.
            driver TRANSPT. the person in control of the
            movement of a train or of a road vehicle.
            The engine-driver, man in control of a railway
            engine (locomotive). A bus-/taxi-/car-driver.
            drive-in bank BKG. esp. in U.S.A., one having
            service counters where customers may do busi-
            ness without leaving their motor cars.
            drive-up store CoM. esp. in U.S.A., a retail
            shop or store where customers can do their
            shopping without leaving their motor cars. Syn.
            drive-in store.
            droop STK. EXCH. of prices, to sink lower: Chemi-
            cals drooped, then rose.
            D.R.P. dividend reinvestment plan.
            drug (1) any substance used as a medicine or in
            making medicines. (2) (collog.) any article or
            commodity that shopkeepers find very difficult
            to sell, usu. because the market has been over-
            supplied: A drug on/in the market.
            drugstore (U.S.A.) CoM. a chemist’s shop that
            sells not only medicines but also toilet articles,
            newspapers, Magazines, stationery, etc., and
            sometimes serves light meals.
            drum n. CoM. a container in the shape of a
            cylinder, usu. of metal for carrying liquids, or
            of wood or cardboard for carrying powders.
            drum up v. to go out to get business: To drum
            up business/ sales.
            drummer (U.S.A.) Com. a travelling salesman.
            drunkard (1) a person who is unable to think
            Clearly because he frequently drinks too much
            strong drink. Syn. a drunk (collog.). (2) LAW a

            —— , Oe ee a ee Ss. ti

            due - 191

            contract to which a drunkard is a party is
            voidable if he so wishes, if he can prove that
            when he signed it he was unable to understand
            it and that the other party knew this.
            dry Cargo see under Cargo
            Gry dock suipo. a dock which can be made
            watertight, i.e. all the water in it can be
            pumped out and kept out by movable gates at
            one end, and in which ships can be built or
            repaired, After the work is completed, the dock
            is flooded, the gates are opened and the ship
            is floated out. See also floating dock; wet dock
            Syn. graving dock. Abbr, d.d
            dry farming aor. farming under conditions of
            water shortage when irrigation cannot be used.
            Special methods aim at preserving moisture in
            the soil and preventing evaporation. |
            dry goods (i) com. mainly in U.S.A., cloth and
            clothing as articles of trade. Syn. drapery,
            mercery. (2) in Britain, sometimes dry food-
            stuffs such as corn and other grains, tea, coffee,
            Sugar. Opp. wet goods.
            dry measure see corn and dry measure.
            dry ship see general ship under ship.
            D.S. debenture stock.
            D/S., d.s. days after sight; days’ sight.
            D.S.T. Daylight Saving Time.
            dstn. destination.
            d.t.b.a. date to be advised.
            D.T.1. Department of Trade and Industry.
            D.T.R. double taxation relief.
            dual capacity sTK. ExCH. dealers’ freedom to
            do business in two ways at the same time: to
            be a market-maker, buying and selling securi-
            ties on one’s own account; and acting as agent
            or broker, buying and selling on behalf of
            others in return for a commission. In Britain.
            before Big Bang (the changes which reorgan-
            ized the London Stock Exchange and other
            financial institutions in October 1986) the two
            functions were performed separately by jobbers
            and brokers.
            dual (purpose) fund see under mutual fund.
            dub up (collog.) to pay, usu. unwillingly: He
            could not pay the bill, so I had to dub up.
            ducat (1) FIN. any of several gold and silver coins
            formerly in use as currency in many European
            countries, esp. in Venice from the thirteenth
            to the eighteenth century. (2) a measure of
            weight of gold and other precious metals and
            gems in Austria and Germany, 53.873 grains
            = 3.491 g. (3) (modern collog.) money, esp.
            coin.
            dud BKG. (collog.) false; worthless: A dud cheque,
            one that is not honoured by the paying banker
            because there is insufficient money in the draw-
            er's account. Cf. bouncer,
            due adj. (1) (of money) owed: payable: The
            rent/wages will become due tomorrow. Interest/
            instalment payments fall due today. (2) (of time)
            expected: The train is due at 10.00 hrs., is



                evince -p 203 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            192 - due bill

            expected to arrive then. When is it due to depart
            from here and to arrive in Aswan? The ship is
            due (to arrive, to call) at Port Said on Thursday.
            Cf. overdue. (3) right; proper: With due care,
            with proper care. After due consideration/
            thought. In due course/time, at the proper time.
            (4) as a result of; because of: The delay was
            due to an accident, was caused by.
            adv. of directions by the compass: north, south,
            east and west exactly, directly: Steer due east,
            not north-east or south-east but exactly east.
            The wind is due west, blowing directly from
            the west. The compass needle points due north,
            towards the north (magnetic) pole.
            n. that which is due or owing by right: Give
            him his due, be fair to him. One must claim one’s
            due, demand what is owing.

            due bill (U.S.A.) Com. a written acknowledg-
            ment of a debt. Syn. I.0.U.

            due course see holder in due course under hold-
            er.

            due date see under date.

            dues pi. (1) FIN. money which is due to be
            paid: Club dues; Union dues, sums payable by
            members. We must pay our dues promptly. (2)
            SHIPG.charges paid by shipowners for the use
            of ports, harbours, etc.: Harbour/dock/port/
            anchorage/dues. Any payment for services. (3)
            COM. advance orders which are received before
            the goods are received into stock and which
            are due to be supplied later. Such orders are
            recorded in a dues book or on dues cards.

            dukawallah com. (from Hindi: dukanwallah) an
            Asian shopkeeper in East Africa.

            dull sTK. EXCH. of market conditions, inactive,
            there being few buyers and few bargains made:
            A dull day. Business was dull at the beginning of
            the Account. Syn. inactive.

            duly properly, carefully: Duly noted, with special
            care. Duly authorized, properly. I duly received
            your parcel, in proper time.

            dumb unable to move by its own power. A dumb
            barge, one without sails or engine. A dumb
            waiter, a stand of shelves or revolving trays for
            serving food at table.

            Dumf. Dumfries and Galloway, Scotland.

            dummy (1) a person who lends his name to a
            business deal in order to hide who the real
            buyer or seller is: A dummy shareholder/director.
            Syn. préte-nom. (2) an imitation of something,
            esp. for showing in a shop or shop-window: A
            tailor’s dummy, of a human body, to show suits
            and dresses. Dummy packages, e.g. of cigarette
            packets. Publisher's dummy, a book consisting
            of pages of unprinted paper in a binding cas¢
            to show what a new book will look like.

            dummy tendering see collusive tendering.

            dumping Com. in international trade, the prac:
            tice of a producer or supplier, usu. a monopol
            ist, who sells a product at a lower price in ;
            foreign country than in the home market. I

            AFP Ww ll =< ame tel ke

            f

            the higher home price subsidizes the export
            price, he enjoys an unfair advantage over pro-
            ducers in the foreign country and othe,
            exporters. Some countries practise or encour-
            age dumping for the special purpose of getting
            a supply of certain foreign currencies. Cf. antj-
            dumping.
            dun. dunnage. |
            dunnage SHIPG. loose material such as brush-
            wood, mats, cloth, used in a ship’s hold to
            protect cargo from damage by chafing (rub-
            bing) or by water during the voyage. Abbr. dun.
            duopoly ECON. THEORY the form of imperfect
            competition that exists in a market in which
            there are only two producers or sellers of a
            product or service. Cut-throat competition is
            the likely result; and this can only be stopped
            by the two sellers agreeing to share the market
            or to keep prices above a certain level. Cf.
            monopoly; oligopoly. |
            duopsony ECON. THEORY the form of imperfect
            competition that exists in a market in which
            there are only two buyers. Cf. monopoly; oli-
            gopsony.
            dup. duplicate.
            duplex comp. the transmission of data along a
            circuit in both directions at the same time.
            duplicate n. of a document, plan, etc., an exact
            copy; a second copy: Jn duplicate, two copies
            exactly the same or an original document with
            a (carbon) copy. Cf. triplicate, quadruplicate,
            etc. Abbr. dup.
            v. (1) to make a duplicate, or to make several
            copies of a document, etc. (2) to cause some-
            thing to be done twice, usu. wastefully: To
            duplicate the work.
            duplicate book a book usu. of blank forms
            bound in sets of two, the original or top copy,
            when written up, being torn out and sent away,
            leaving the second or carbon or duplicate copy
            in the book to serve as a record. Cf. triplicate,
            etc. book. Syn. manifold book.
            duplicate of exchange BKG. & COM. a second
            bill of exchange, the second copy of a bill of
            exchange drawn only in two parts. See bill (of
            exchange) in a set.
            duplicate warrant see entry for free goods
            under customs entry.
            duplicating machine see duplicator.
            duplicating system ACCTS. a system of book-
            keeping in which the ledger sheets are not kept
            In loose-leaf books but are stored in deep boxes
            or drawers. Entries are made direct to the
            ledger sheet, and a carbon copy is made on a
            journal or control sheet. This system is fast and
            accurate and can be adapted to give many
            other useful documents.
            duplication (1) the act of duplicating. (2) the
            causing of something to be done twice over,

            usu. wastefully: Duplication of effort/work/
            records.


                evince -p 204 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            eS. ——————————— ee

            inti achine for dupli-

            licator an office printing machine pli

            on letters and other documents. Syn. dupli-
            cating machine. See photocopier.

            duplicity see double dealing.

            Dur. Durham, England.
            durable goods ECON. THEORY goods that are

            intended to be used over a period of time. They
            are of two kinds: capital or producer’s goods,
            and consumer’s goods. Changes in the demand
            for these types of goods are used in some
            theories of the trade cycle to explain the
            upswings and downswings in economic
            activity. See also consumer durables. Opp. non-
            durables.

            duration the length of time during which some-
            thing continues or lasts: The duration of a
            lease/an emergency. A visit of short duration.

            duress LAW the use of force, or threats of force,
            of dishonour or other injury, to make a person
            do something. Normally, an act done, such as
            the signature of a contract, under duress has
            no legal effect and will not be supported by a
            court of law.

            dust (collog.) money.

            dust bowl aGR. any area, but esp. one in west-
            ern U.S.A., where drought (lack of rain), dust-
            storms and bad farming methods have made
            the soil very poor.

            Dutch auction com. a kind of auction sale in
            which the auctioneer (seller) begins by calling
            a high price and gradually lowers it until he
            reaches a price at which someone is willing to
            buy. Syn. Chinese auction.

            Dutch bargain com. a deal in which one side
            gets all the advantage.

            Dutch party a gathering of people for a meal
            or entertainment at which each person pays
            his own share of the cost. Syn. Dutch treat.

            dutiable goods TAXN. & COM. goods on which
            duty, esp. customs duty, has to be paid. Opp.
            duty-free goods.

            duty (1) something that every person is morally
            bound to do or not to do: A citizen’s duty to
            obey the law, to help the police, to pay his taxes.
            His duty not to disturb the peace, not to make a
            nuisance, etc. It is the duty of all parents to
            supervise the welfare of their children. (2) some-
            thing one owes to somebody that arises from
            one’s position or employment: An employer's
            duty to his employees. The directors’ duty to the
            shareholders. A servant's duty to his master. The
            duties of a manager/cashier/guard, etc. On duty,
            actually working. Off duty, not officially work-
            ing. (3) TAXN. a government tax on certain
            goods and commodities such as a wide range
            of imports and some exports, called customs
            duty, import duty, tariffs; on some home-prod-
            uced things such as drink and tobacco, petrol
            and fuel oil, called excise duty. See dutiable
            goods.
            ad valorem duty see ad valorem.

            dwt. - 193

            anti-dumping duty see anti-dumping.
            countervailing duty see separate entry.
            customs duty a government tax on imports and
            exports of commodities in order partly to raise
            money for the expenses of government and
            partly to protect home industries from foreign
            competition. This duty is collected by the Cus-
            toms at ports and airports and at customs posts
            on land frontiers. See import duty; tariff; anti-
            dumping.
            death duty see death duties.
            differential duty a rate of customs duty which
            differs on goods imported from one country, as
            compared with another, often the result of
            trade agreements. Cf. discriminating duty. —
            discriminating duty an import duty with a vari-
            able rate depending on the country of origin
            of the goods. Cf. differential duty.
            estate duty see death duties.
            excise duty see excise (2).
            export duty a duty or tax charged on goods
            when leaving a country.
            fixed duty see specific duty below.
            import duty see separate entry.
            matching duty see countervailing duty. ;
            primage duty in some countries, esp. Australia,
            a customs duty on certain classes of imports.
            protective duty an import duty aimed at con-
            trolling the amount of imports of a particular
            commodity to protect home producers from
            foreign competition. Syn. protective tariff.
            specific duty a tax based on a fixed sum of
            money for each unit of quantity or weight: A
            duty of £1 per gallon of wine. Cf. ad valorem
            duty. Syn. fixed duty.
            stamp duty a tax on certain documents, such
            as the conveyance of a property. The tax is
            paid to the Inland Revenue, who then stamp
            the document.
            transfer duty see separate entry.

            duty-free CoM. & TAXN. of goods, on which no
            duty is charged: Duty-free cigarettes/wines/
            spirits/perfumes, etc., goods allowed into a coun-
            try in small quantities duty-free if carried by a
            traveller for his own use. Opp. dutiable.
            duty-free shop a shop selling duty-free goods
            to travellers, usu. at airports, ferry-ports or
            frontier posts and under close customs control.

            duty of care see under care, duty of.

            duty paid com. in foreign trade, price quotations
            in which, at the price quoted, the exporter is
            Ne Cemeepp for paying the import duty. Abbr.
            duty-paid value the total landed cost of
            imported goods after all charges and import
            duty have been paid.

            D.W. dock warrant.

            d.w. dead weight; delivered weight; dock war-
            rant.

            d.w.c. deadweight capacity.

            dwt. pennyweight (in troy weight).



                evince -p 205 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            194 - d.w.t.

            d.w.t. deadweight tons/tonnage.
            dy. ca He these
            . dockyard. )

            mien eee a cheap method of making
            copies of single-sided, transparent plans, etc.
            on to chemically-treated paper under a very
            strong light. Syn. diazo process.

            dynamic economics ECON. THEORY 4 branch
            of economic science that examines and
            explains economic change and growth, not only
            of the national income but also of population
            or the work force, of capital accumulation and
            of technical (scientific and industrial) progress.
            Cf. static economics. Syn. dynamics.

            i

            E. East.

            ea. each.

            E.A.C. East African Community.

            eagle a former gold coin of the U.S.A. of face
            value ten dollars. There were also: a double
            eagle ($20), a half eagle ($5) and a quarter eagle
            ($2.50). All bear the figure of an eagle.

            e. & e. each and every.

            E. & O.E. errors and omissions excepted.

            @.a.0.n. except as otherwise noted.

            early closing COM. in Britain, many shops are
            closed to customers by 13.00 hrs. on one week-
            day every week. The day of the week is fixed
            by the local government authority and may
            differ for different kinds of shops, different
            districts or different seasons of the year.

            earmark CoM. to set something aside for a special
            purpose: Jo earmark goods in stock to meet an
            expected order. The money collected is earmarked
            for helping old people.

            earn COM. (1) to get something, esp. by working:
            To earn a wage/a salary/a living/one’s keep/a
            livelihood. Of a business or investment, to bring
            in a monetary gain: His business earns him a
            good profit. My bonds earn me 5 interest. These
            shares earn a good dividend. The company earned
            less profit last year. (2) to receive what one
            deserves, as reward or punishment: His hard
            work earned the respect of his colleagues. The
            cheat earned the punishment he received.
            earned adj. that which has been worked for;
            deserved: Earned leave. Earned income.

            earned income TAXN. in Britain, the income
            which, for tax purposes, one receives as a
            reward for work, and includes one’s salary or
            wages; pension or retirement annuity; profits
            received from one’s trade or profession and
            from an active partnership; royalties from
            patents and copyrights if one created them
            oneself. Most other income is treated as
            unearned and is usu. taxed more heavily than

            earned income. Cf. investment income:
            unearned income.
            yarned income allowance, wife's see unde,
            wife's.
            yarner a person who earns money by working:
            A wage-earner. A secondary earner is a worker
            who is not the only or the main wage-earne,
            in the family.
            garnest or earnest-money COM. & IND. money
            given to the seller as a first payment by the
            buyer to show that he agrees to the contract of
            sale and intends to honour it; and the seller.
            too, by accepting the earnest, shows his agree-
            ment to be bound by the contract. A formal
            contract may allow the seller to keep the money
            if the buyer fails to perform his part. Syn.
            earnest-penny; handsel; token payment.
            yarning rate STK. EXCH. the rate at which a
            company earns profits, found by calculating
            the net profit as a percentage of the paid-up
            capital. This is not the same as the dividend
            rate.
            zarnings (1) COM. & IND. the total of the sums
            of money earned by an employee during a
            regular pay period such as a week or a month,
            including additional pay for overtime, bonuses,
            etc. (2) STK. EXCH. see distributable profit.
            3arnings basis TAXN. in Britain, the basis on
            which a taxpayer carrying on a trade is taxed,
            i.e. the tax will be based on sales, not on actual
            receipts of money in payment for those sales.
            Cf. cash basis.
            3arnings of management see wages of man-
            agement.
            zarnings rule FIN. & TAXN. in Britain, a law
            by which the amount of the state retirement
            pension paid to men between the ages 65 and
            70 and to women between the ages 60 and 65
            whose earnings from employment are more
            that a certain figure per week, is reduced by
            £1 for every £1 earned, until at a certain level
            of earnings no pension at all is payable.
            parnings yield see under yield.
            zarthquake (1) a natural shaking of the ground
            caused by movements in the earth’s surface
            or by volcanic explosions, sometimes causing
            terrible damage and loss of lives. (2) INSCE.
            one of the special perils (risks) against which
            protection is given by an earthquake clause in
            most fire-insurance policies.
            3aS6 STK.EXCH. of prices, to become rather lower:
            to fall slightly: Equities opened strong but some
            eased later.
            ease off, ease up to become less active: The rush
            for mining shares has eased off/up lately.
            sasement LAW a right which one person enjoys
            over the land of another, such as a right of
            way, or a right to a flow of water. A positive
            easement is a right to do something on another
            person's land. A negative easement is a right to
            prevent the owner of the land from doing


                evince -p 206 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            Economic and

            thing. Cf. profit a prendre.

            ceot African Community (E.A.C.) an associ-
            ation of three countries, Kenya, Tanzania and
            Uganda, to form a customs union to co-operate
            ‘n the industrial development of the region and €
            to share the advantages of common services,
            such as airlines and railways. For political
            -easons, the Community has not proved to be
            the success that its members had hoped for.

            East(ern) European Time the standard time
            in the time-zone of Eastern Europe, two hours
            ahead of Greenwich Mean Time and one hour
            ahead of Mid-European Time. The zone con-_
            sists of Bulgaria, Finland, Greece and Turkey.
            Abbr. E.E.T. E

            Eastern (Standard) Time the time in the
            Eastern time-zone in North America, five Ef
            hours behind Greenwich Mean Time and one
            hour ahead of Central Time. Abbr. E.S.T. i

            Eastern Time the time in a time-zone in South _
            America 44 hours behind Greenwich Mean
            Time, consisting of Venezuela and Curagaol._ [f

            East India Company, British ECON. HIST. a
            joint-stock company formed by royal charter €¢
            in 1600 with a monopoly in trade with India
            and the East Indies. Dutch resistance in what
            is now Indonesia caused the British company
            to trade mainly with India, where it gradually ¢
            got political and economic control of a greater
            part of the country. The British Parliament
            took control of the company’s political activi-
            ties in 1784 and ended the monopoly in 1813.

            By 1834 the company had become the adminis-
            trative agent in India of the British Govern-
            ment, but after the so-called Indian Mutiny in
            1857 and the setting-up of the Indian Empire,

            the company lost all power and its existence
            ended in 1873.

            East India Company, Dutch ECON. HIST.
            Dutch: Vereeigde Oostindische Compagnie
            (V.O.C.), formed in 1602 with a monopoly in
            trade in the Indian Ocean area. Well supported
            by the Dutch Government, it defeated the
            British and Portuguese in the East Indies, but |
            its commercial power grew less and less until
            by the eighteenth century it was heavily in
            debt. It closed down in 1799.

            East India Company, French ECON. HIST.
            French: la Compagnie des Indes Orientales, for-
            med in 1664 as the political and commercial
            agency of the French Government for the |
            French colonies in India. Its attempts to defeat
            the power and influence of the British East
            India Company totally failed during the Seven
            Years’ War (1756-63) and, abandoned by the
            French Government, it ceased to exist during
            the French Revolution of 1789.

            Casy not difficult; comfortable: Easy money,
            money that is not difficult to earn. An easy-
            money policy, see cheap money. Prices were
            easy, slightly lower. The market is easy, supplies

            Social Council (ECOSOC) - 195

            (of a commodity) are not difficult to get because
            there are few buyers. Easy terms, hire-pur-
            chase. To be on Easy Street, (collog.) to have a
            pleasant, well-paid job.

            ibb tide sHipG. the flow of the tide as it falls.
            See flood tide.

            -BCDIC comp. Extended Binary Coded Deci-
            mal Interchange Code; an international binary
            code system which converts all characters to a
            combination of 8 binary digits to make possible
            international communication through com-
            puters. The other major code is ASCII.

            :.C. European (Economic) Community, East
            Central; East Coast; East Caribbean.

            :.C.A. Economic Commission for Africa; Euro-
            pean Co-operation Administration.

            :.C.A.F.E. Economic Commission for Asia and

            the Far East.
            .C.E. Economic Commission for Europe.
            =.C.G.D. Export Credits Guarantee Depart-
            ment. .
            >.C.L.A. Economic Commission for Latin
            America. |
            ;conometrician ECON. a person having special
            knowledge of econometrics, usu. employed in
            statistical departments of large financial, com-
            mercial and industrial organizations.

            2conometrics ECON. a relatively new branch of
            economics which scientifically measures eco-
            nomic facts and tests economic theories, using
            mathematics and statistical methods. With the
            help of computers, masses of economic data
            (facts) are analysed and the results are applied
            to financial problems in business such as fore-
            casting, market research and industrial plan-
            ning. Syn. mathematical economics.

            2conomic ECON. (1) having to do with the pro-
            duction, distribution and consumption of
            wealth and income: Economic development/
            planning/power/policy. The economic system. (2)
            relating to the science of economics or to com-
            merce and industry: Economic activity/theory.
            The economic effects of taxation.

            Economic Advisers, Council of, see Council
            of Economic Advisers.

            economical saving money or expense wherever
            possible; careful, esp. with money or materials:
            An economical cook / housewife /production pro-
            cess | budget.

            economic analysis see economic theory.

            economic and monetary union ECON. the
            aim of the European Economic Community
            (E.E.C.) to have a single European currency,
            a single central bank and one body in control
            of monetary affairs. Abbr. E.M.U.

            Economic and Social Council (ECOSOC)
            a division of the United Nations that directs
            and encourages economic, social and cultur-
            al activities. Helping it are four regional
            Commissions, E.C.A., E.C.A.F.E., E.C.E.,
            E.C.L.A. and three functional Commissions



                evince -p 207 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &




            196 . Economic Commission f

            serving special purposes: the Economic C
            mission, the Social Commission and the C«
            mission on Human Rights. Cf. Economic }
            Social Committee (of the E.E.C.).

            Economic Commission for Africa (E.C..
            a regional agency of the United Nations, |
            med in 1958 with its central office in Ac
            Ababa, Ethiopia.

            Economic Commission for Asia and 1
            Far East (E.C.A.F.E.) an agency of
            United Nations, formed in 1947 with its cen
            office in Bangkok, Thailand.

            Economic Commission for  Eurc
            (E.C.E.) a regional agency of the Uni
            Nations, formed in 1947 with its central of
            in Geneva.

            Economic Commission for Latin Amer
            (E.C.L.A.) a regional agency of the Uni
            Nations, formed in 1948 with its central of
            in Santiago, Chile, and a branch office in M
            ico City.

            Economic Community of West Afric
            States (ECOWAS) an association of
            countries formed in 1975. Its members
            producers mainly of commodities that hav
            world demand such as cocoa and petrolet
            Members: Benin, Gambia, Ghana, Guin
            Guinea-Bissau, Ivory Coast, Liberia, M
            Mauritania, Niger, Nigeria, Senegal, Sie
            Leone, Togo and Upper Volta.

            economic co-operation see Organization
            Economic Co-operation and Development.

            economic cost see under cost.

            economic development ECON. the proces:
            raising the income per head of the people «
            country, esp. of an under-developed count
            by increasing their production of goods
            Services.

            Economic Development Committee
            National Economic Development Coun
            Abbr. E.D.C.

            economic efficiency see under efficiency.

            economic fluctuations see fluctuations; tr:
            cycle under cycle.

            economic geography ECON. a branch of sti
            which deals with the geographical influen
            on the production, distribution and consun
            tion of wealth. Syn. geonomics.

            economic goods see under goods (7).

            economic growth ECON. the rate at which |
            national income of a country increases. Ii
            usu. measured by calculating the gross natio
            product (G.N.P.), esp. per head of the po;
            lation, of the country concerned. But ot!
            measures are also used such as: the incre
            of capital investment; increase of output |
            worker employed; improvement in the gene
            standard of living, esp. as reflected by
            increase in real wages; and the growth
            population. Opp. economic stagnation. Sustc
            able growth, a condition when the real p

            or Africa (E.C.A.)

            ym- capita income and the real gross national prog. _|
            ym- uct of a country are increasing, giving highe, |
            and employment and a better standard of living fo,

            most people. Sustainable non-inflationary grow, |
            A.) or S.N.1.G., being steady growth withoy |
            for- higher prices, is the economic aim of moy
            ldis governments. American economists say thay
            the rate needed to obtain this condition js 2y
            the to 2.5% per year.
            the economic history that branch of economic,

            tral that deals with the various ways which May, |

            has developed to satisfy his needs, esp. j,
            ype regard to the growth of production, distribution
            ted and consumption of goods and services. |t
            fice attempts to explain the growth of economic

            institutions such as banking, stock and com-
            ica modity exchanges, transport and communi-
            ted cations, insurance, international trade, and the
            hice effects of inventions and trade cycles.

            ex- economic indicator see business barometer.
            economic nationalism see self-sufficient.
            an economic planning see under planning.
            15 economic rent see under rent. |
            are economic risk FIN. the risk that overseas assets |

            ea and liabilities may lose a company money |
            1m. because of some long-term change in the |
            ea, relationship of the currencies involved, e.g.
            ali, devaluation. Cf. transaction risk.

            tra economics ECON. the study of the natural laws
            governing the production, distribution and
            for consumption of wealth. It examines and
            explains that part of Man’s social and personal
            behaviour that is directed towards the satisfac-

            : of tion of his wants. Syn. political economy. |
            fa development economics a branch of economics |
            ry, that examines and explains the process of eco- i
            ind nomic growth and the human and social |

            organizations that make this growth possible. _|
            see home economics see separate entry. |
            cil. institutional economics see separate entry.

            Keynesian economics see separate entry.
            managerial economics see under managerial.

            ade mathematical economics see econometrics. |

            mew economics see Keynesian economics. |
            idy pure economics see economic theory. |
            ces supply-side economics see separate entry. |
            np- welfare economics a branch of economics that _

            studies and explains economic activity as a

            means of raising the standard of living and
            the general social well-being of the people and
            | 1S is particularly concerned with economic |
            nal efficiency. See Pigou, A.C. |
            pu- economic sanctions see sanctions, economic.
            her economic system ECON. the particular way in

            ASE which the economic activity in a country is
            per organized, such as capitalism (the private-
            ral enterprise system) and socialism (a centrally-
            an planned system). In between these there are
            of the mixed economies.

            in- economic theory ECON. THEORY that part of
            er- the study of economics that examines and


                evince -p 208 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &


            the working of an economic system
            ‘t is influenced by human behaviour,
            es of the world, and by man-
            such as markets, laws, and
            Cf. descriptive economics,
            Syn. economic analysis,

            explains
            and how
            py the natural fore

            made institutions
            overnments. .
            applied economics.

            ure economics.
            conomic value ACCTS. a statement of the value
            @

            of an asset in terms of its expected future net
            cash flow. It may be used in calculating a
            deprival value. See also deprival value; dis-
            counted cash flow.

            economies of scale ECON. & IND. the advan-
            tages to be got from large-scale production,
            esp. that of lower unit costs which make it
            possible to compete better in the market, to
            conquer a larger share of the market, and thus
            perh. to get some monopolistic control over
            prices. Cf. diseconomies of scale.
            external economies those that affect a large part
            or the whole of a particular industry.
            internal economies those that can be introduced
            within a single production unit such as a fac-
            tory or a farm by better use of the factors of
            production, and by spreading over a larger
            number of articles produced the costs of man-
            aging, marketing, financing and developing
            the business.

            economist ECON. a social scientist with special
            knowledge of economics, such as a teacher or
            writer on the subject or a person called a
            business economist who is employed by a busi-
            ness organization to forecast movements in
            prices and in the market demand for various
            products and services.

            Economist, The a weekly journal published in
            London since 1843, known for the high quality
            of its articles on economic problems by leading
            economists.

            économistes, les see Physiocrats.

            economize (1) to use or spend as little as pos-
            sible: We must all economize on (in the use of)
            petrol/electricity/energy, we must avoid waste.
            (2) to cut down expenses in order to save for
            the future: By economizing, they saved the money
            to buy a house.

            economy ECON. (1) an organized system for the
            production, distribution and consumption of
            wealth (the needs of society): A capitalist |
            socialist | free | market | mixed economy. An
            agricultural /industrial/expanding economy. (2)
            the science of the management of natural
            resources and man-made economic organi-
            zations such as the business, trade and indus-
            tries of a country: The national economy. See
            political economy. (3) taking care to avoid
            waste, } to save money or material: By
            : “ae . recite strict economy he saved
            effort/words A Seno cn Economy of

            ' particular act of saving money:

            edition - 197

            If we make these economies we shall soon pay
            our debts. Syn. thrift.

            ;conomy class TRANSPT. & TOUR. the cheapest
            class of travel by air and sea, with lower stan-
            dards of comfort than in the first class.

            :<COSOC Economic and Social Council. |

            -COWAS Economic Community of West Afri-
            can States. |

            > C.S.C. the European Coal and Steel Com-
            munity. ie:

            cu (European Currency Unit) FIN. the unit
            of account used in the financial arrangements
            between member countries of the European
            Economic Community (E.E.C.). It replaced
            the European Unit of Account (E.U.A.) when
            the European Monetary System (E.M.S.)
            began in 1979. It is also used by central banks
            as a common measure of the value of different
            currencies and of their debts to each other;
            and sometimes by commercial organizations
            when it is important in a business deal to be
            able to depend on a steady rate of exchange.
            Cf. European Unit of Account (E.U.A.).

            1d. edition; editor; edited by.

            :.D. ex dividend.

            :.D.C. Economic Development Committee.

            Wdge v. to advance slowly; to move forward
            gradually: Prices edged up about a quarter of a

            point.

            n. (collog.) an advantage: To have the edge on
            somebody, to have a competitive advantage.
            :dgeworth Francis Ysidro (1845-1926), Irish
            mathematician and economist, Professor of
            Political Economy, London University and
            later at Oxford University. His mathematical
            ability applied to problems in economic theory
            led him to introduce the idea of indifference
            curves, set out in his work Mathematical Psy-
            chics (1881). His Theory of Monopoly (1897) and
            Theory of Distribution (1904) further built up his
            reputation as an advanced thinker in statistical
            and mathematical method in the study of eco-

            nomics.

            :.D.1. electronic data interchange.

            dit to prepare, check, correct and arrange writ-
            ten matter, photos, etc. for a book, magazine
            or newspaper. To check and arrange recorded
            material on magnetic tape or film for the radio,
            television and cinema. Abbr. ed. (edited by).

            dition a word that has several meanings even
            within the book trade: (1) one of several] print-
            ings of a book, etc. printed at different times
            each with some substantial changes or
            additions. (2) one of several printings which

            o exactly the same, more properly called

            impressions. (3) a particular form in which a

            book, etc. is produced: The quarto editions of

            Shakespeare. A thin-paper edition of the Bible.

            (4) of a newspaper, one of several printings

            made at different times during a day or a night:

            The early/provincial/late/final editions. Abbr. ed.



                evince -p 209 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &



            198 - editor

            editor a person who edits written OF Oe.
            matter. Of a book, a person responsible e
            collecting, choosing and preparing ove
            (contributions) written by a number a write
            (contributors). Of a newspaper i meee
            the editor who is in charge ol and is responsib
            for the contents; he is sometimes called tl
            editor-in-chief, controlling other editors suc
            as the sports/literary/art/fashion editors. S
            City editor. Abdr. ed.
            sub-editor an assistant editor.

            E.D.P. electronic data processing. |

            educational policy see under insurance polic

            education, commercial see commerce; cor
            mercial college.

            E.E. errors excepted.

            E.E.C. European Economic Community, tl
            Common Market.

            E.E.T. East(ern) European Time.

            effect 7m. (1) a result, esp. one produced by
            cause or agency. Cause and effect. Power |
            produce a result: Efforts to save the compa?
            were of no effect. (2) the state of being |
            operation: The new law took/came into effect ¢
            I January. In effect, in operation or in realit
            in truth. With effect from..., on and from |
            certain date).
            effects p/. goods; personal, movable propert:
            Personal effects. Movable effects. To leave 1
            effects, to die leaving nothing.
            no effects BKG. words written or stamped by
            banker on a dishonoured cheque.
            v. (1) to make: To effect a payment. (2) INSC
            to be bound by: To effect a policy of insuranc
            (3) IND. REL to bring about, produce: To effe
            a compromise.

            effective adj. having an effect: Our advertisir
            is effective in increasing our sales. To becon
            effective, to begin to have an effect. Effectit
            date, the date on which something begins |
            operate, e.g. a new law, or a new set of price
            cost-effective see separate entry.

            effective cover see four-plus cover.

            effective demand see under demand.

            effective tax rate TAXN. in Britain, the averag
            rate at which a person pays income tax on h
            gross (total) income after allowing for tax-fre
            allowances.

            effects not cleared BKG. words written ,
            stamped on a cheque which the drawer’s ban
            is returning unpaid because, although th
            drawer has paid cheques into his account to
            sufficient value, these have not yet been cleare
            and the balance in the account is not enoug
            to meet the cheque.

            ee a ability of a person or orgar

            produce a desired result. A wa

            of working that is satisfacto S

            efficiency. a. one
            economic efficiency the ability of a manufactu:
            Ing plant to produce at a low unit cost ¢

            OF
            CS
            rs

            le
            1e

            oe

            market value, as distinguished from technical
            efficiency, which is effectiveness of a different
            kind. Things that are technically perfect may
            be economically inefficient because few buyers
            can afford their prices.

            industrial efficiency the ability of an industry or
            a part of an industry, to produce goods at an
            economic price, i.e. a price that the public is
            prepared to pay. To compare the efficiency of
            units within an industry, checks are Continually
            made of such pointers as output per worker,
            and profit per pound of capital invested.
            technical efficiency the ability of a manufactur-
            ing unit, such as a machine, to produce an
            article or commodity of high quality, without
            regard to the cost of production. Cf. economic

            efficiency.

            efficiency bonus see bonus (2). ,

            efficient able to work well, to get things done
            quickly and with good effect.

            E.F.T. electronic funds transfer. a

            E.F.T.A. European Free Trade Association.

            E.F.T.P.O.S. Electronic Funds Transfer at
            Point of Sale.

            EftPos Ltd. see Association for Payment Clear-
            ing Services.

            e.g. exempli gratia.

            E.G.M. extra-ordinary general meeting.

            E.G.R. earned growth rate.

            E.1.B. European Investment Bank.

            ejection see expulsion. )

            elastic demand see elasticity of demand.

            elasticity ECON. THEORY a concept (basic idea)
            of great importance in economic analysis; it
            concerns the amount by which one variable
            will change as the result of a change in another
            variable. If a change of one per cent in the
            second variable results in a change of more
            than one per cent in the first variable, the effect
            is elastic. If it is less than one per cent it is
            inelastic. See elasticity of demand: elasticity of
            supply.

            elasticity of demand ECON. THEORY the degree
            to which the demand for a commodity is sensi-
            live to, or affected by, a change in price. If a
            small change of price results in a large change
            in demand, demand is said to be elastic; if a
            large change in price leads to only a small
            re in demand, demand is said to be inelas-

            elasticity of Substitution ECON. THEORY the
            degree to which one economic good can be
            substituted for (used in place of) another. For
            example, in producing a certain commodity, if
            the Price of labour increases and the price of
            oy (interest) remains unchanged, it may

            © possible to increase the amount of machin-

            ery used and to reduce the amount of labour
            on loyag The extent to which one factor (in

            '$ Case capital) can be substituted for the
            more expensive factor (labour) will depend on


                evince -p 210 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            | dvantages of doing so are
            how as _ ac dinatvstatnged as having
            Te machines and not enough labour. See
            — seuss roductivity under productivity.
            re Le supply ECON. THEORY the degree
            oe wniee the supply of a commodity Is ea
            to, or affected by, a change in price. If an
            ‘ncrease in price of one per cent results in an
            ‘acrease in supply of more than one per cent,
            the supply is said to be elastic. If the supply
            ‘ncreases by less than one per cent, it is said
            to be inelastic.

            elect v. (1) to choose, esp. by vote, for an office:
            To elect a chairman/director(s) of a company/
            officer(s) of a society. I was elected a shop stew-
            ard. (2) to decide in favour of, to choose, a
            course of action: He elected to go to prison
            rather than pay a fine. He elected to join the
            family business.
            adj. chosen to be the next holder of a (high)
            office when the present holder retires from
            it: The chairman-elect ; the President-elect (the
            word elect follows the name of the office).

            election the choice of a person by vote to hold
            an office: The election of officers. Parliamentary/
            local elections.

            electronic data interchange COMP. & ACCTS.
            an electronic system that sends specially-pre-
            pared documents direct from the computer of
            one company to that of another, so avoiding
            delays and improving service to customers.
            Abbr. E.D.I.

            electronic data processing see data process-
            ing. Abbr. E.D.P.

            electronic funds transfer BKG. & COMP. a
            modern system of making payments quickly in
            shops without using cheques. The customer
            hands the seller his personal debit card which,
            when put into an electronic machine, causes a
            debit to be made in his bank account and a
            credit to be made in the seller’s. Abbr. E.F.T.;
            E.F.T.P.O.S. (E.F.T. at points of sale, i.e. in
            a shop).

            electronic mail see under mail.

            Electronic Random Number Indicator
            Equipment see premium savings bond. Abbr.
            ERNIE.

            eleemosynary to do with the giving of money
            to the poor.

            elevator (1) (U.S.A.) a lift. (2) special buildings
            and machinery for storing and handling grain,
            such as wheat, in very large quantities: A grain
            elevator.

            eligible desirable; deserving to be trusted; spe-
            cially qualified. LAW legally qualified: Mr X
            retires from the Board at this meeting under the
            A rticles of Association but, being eligible, offers
            himself for re-election, is legally qualified to be
            again elected.
            cligible paper BKG. bank bills and fine trade
            bills (of exchange), i.e. bills of the highest

            emblement - 199

            trustworthiness and therefore fit to be dis-
            counted by the Bank of England.

            aliminate to remove completely: To eliminate
            competition/errors (mistakes).

            slite (1) the best persons in a group or in society:
            A government chosen from the élite of the party.
            (2) a size of type on some typewriters, having
            12 letters to the inch, each letter being 10
            points (0.139 in.) high. Cf. pica.

            Elliott wave theory FIN. & STK. EXCH. a general
            idea first put forward by Ralph Elliott and later
            by a number of technical analysts, that prices
            in the financial markets tend to run up and
            down in a pattern of waves which can be seen
            and measured in advance; but in practice the
            timing of a particular wave is difficult to work
            out with any exactness.

            =.M.A. European Monetary Agreement.

            ymancipation the act of setting people free
            from some cruel or illegal treatment: The eman-
            cipation of slaves. The emancipation of women.
            Catholic emancipation. See abolition. :

            ymbargo (1) CoM. a government order forbid-
            ding the import or export of certain goods.
            (2) SHIPG. an order by a government when it
            expects war to begin soon, preventing ships
            of possible enemy countries from entering or
            leaving its ports. (3) IND. REL. action by a
            trade union for political reasons, forbidding its
            members to handle goods imported from or to
            be exported to a foreign country. (4) MAN. in
            public relations, a time and date before which
            the contents of a press statement may not be
            made public. P/. -oes.

            agmbark (1) SHIPG. v.i. to go on board a ship:
            Passengers will embark at 11.00 hrs.; (2) SHIPG.
            v.t. to put or take on board a ship: The ferry
            embarked 50 cars and 200 passengers. Opp. dis-
            embark. N. embarkation. (3) to start some
            special activity: He embarked on a risky
            venture/a hanking career.

            ambassy (1) a group of persons, headed by an
            ambassador, sent to represent the government
            of one country in another country. (2) the office
            in which they work. (3) the house in which an
            ambassador lives. The British/ Egyptian] Syrian
            Embassy. Cf. legation.

            smbezziement LAW the crime of an employee
            in a trusted position who dishonestly puts to
            his own use money intended for his employer.
            Syn. defalcation; misappropriation; breach of
            trust; fraudulent conversion: peculation.

            amblement AGR. & LAW a crop produced by the
            work of sowing or planting each year, such as
            wheat or cabbages, as distinguished from the
            natural produce of the land, such as grass,
            forest or fruit trees. Under common law in
            England a tenant or lessee was allowed to
            harvest and take possession of the results of
            his work. Later, in 1948 this right was replaced
            by a right to continue to occupy the land for



                evince -p 211 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &


            200 - emboss

            12 months after the landlord g
            to go. =
            emboss to cause (writing, type, 4 pattern, ete.)
            to have a raised surface, esp. by pressing: To
            emboss the company’s seal on a deed : Embossed
            notepaper, having the printing on it raised, not
            flat.
            emend t

            document. |
            emendation 7. the act of emending; also the

            actual corrections or alterations. Cf. amend.
            emergency a sudden and unexpected danger:
            a serious situation needing immediate action.
            emergency reserve(s) FIN. money held ready fo!
            use in an emergency, usu. in the form of cash
            or balances in banks and building societies.
            emerging countries see under-developec
            countries.
            emigrant a person who emigrates: An emigran:
            ship, one that is intended to carry emigrants a:
            passengers. Cf. immigrant.
            emigrate to leave one’s own country to settle
            permanently in another country. Cf. immi
            grate.
            emigration the act of emigrating. Emigratior
            officer, a person representing an overseas coun
            try who finds and helps emigrants to settle i1
            the country which he represents. Cf. immi
            gration. Emigration society, one of severa
            organizations formed to encourage people tc
            emigrate from Britain, esp. to Australia, Nev
            Zealand and Canada.
            emirate a country ruled by an Emir (Muslin
            ruler). )
            emolument(s) FIN. usu. in pl., the financia
            rewards earned for their services esp. by per
            sons in the professions and in governmen
            office, such as the fees received by a lawyer o
            doctor, the pay and other benefits of a publi
            official, and the earnings of company director
            who are not employees of the companies con
            cerned. Cf. salary.
            employ v. (1) to use (something): We emplo
            modern tools in our factory. How much capital |
            employed in the business? You must employ mor
            skill in your work. How do you employ your time
            (2) to use a person’s services; to put someon
            to work, esp. for payment: They employ 2
            salesmen. The labourers are employed in/o
            ploughing/sowing/reaping. There is not enoug
            work to keep them employed.
            n. employment; the state of being employed:
            had employment as a banker.
            employee (1) a person employed, esp. as
            regular worker; a person who works fc
            another for money (called salary or wages). (2
            LAW a person under a contract of service c
            apprenticeship.
            employee involvement MAN. (1) see employe
            participation. (2) a situation in which en
            ployees have a financial interest in the pe

            ives him notice

            o remove mistakes from: To emend a

            Mm Ce ~* =—_ jt —_ —_ —VvFy—_— iF _

            sas YO tO DB HH =

            a]

            yr

            formance of the company, such as productivity
            payments or share-option schemes. |

            employee participation IND. REL. & MAN. giv-
            ing a place on the board of directors of a
            company to one or more representatives of its
            employees so that the workers may have a part
            in the direction of the company’s operations
            and plans. Syn. employee involvement.

            employee representation IND. REL. the sys-
            tem by which a workforce expresses views to
            and negotiates with management, ¢.g. national]
            trades unions or factory-based committees.

            Employee Retirement Income Security
            Act LAW & MAN. in U.S.A., a law passed in
            1974 governing private employee retirement
            schemes and aimed particularly at protecting
            the interests of pensioners. Abbr. E.R.IS.A.

            employees’ amenities IND. REL. extra rewards
            given by an employer to employees in addition
            to wages and salaries, such as free or cheap
            meals, arrangements for sports and games, and
            transport to and from work. Cf. fringe benefits.

            employee shareholding MAN. the practice of
            rewarding employees, esp. senior executives,
            with shares in the company rather than cash.
            A company’s level of employee shareholding is
            increasingly seen as an important measure of
            its attitude towards motivating its staff.

            employer a person who or organization which
            regularly employs one or more persons to work
            for a money payment.

            employers’ liability policy see under
            insurance policy.

            employers’ organizations IND. REL. associ-
            ations of employers mainly for the purpose of
            bargaining with trade unions on wages and
            conditions of work, and also to represent
            employers in discussions with public organi-
            zations and the government. See Confeder-
            ation of British Industry. Syn. trade
            associations.

            employer's surplus see producer’s surplus.

            employment (1) the state of being employed,
            of having paid work to do. Opp. unemploy-
            ment. (2) the kind of work on which a person
            is, or can be, employed: What employment are
            you looking for? My employment as a waiter is
            seasonal.
            continuous employment IND. REL. & MAN. an
            unbroken period of contracted employment
            in a single organization. Various periods of
            continuous employment are often used to deter-
            mine qualifications for fringe benefits, e.g.
            extra holiday allowances.

            employment agency or bureau CoM. & IND.
            a business which provides a service to
            employers by introducing persons suitable for
            employment. The agency receives a fee from
            the employer if the introduction results in a

            pore being employed. Syn. employment bro-
            er.



                evince -p 212 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            mployment, contract of see contract of
            e

            -=mployment. |
            Oe pwipenk: discharge from see discharge

            , ment.

            oe discrimination IND. REL. &

            Kvn the unfair treatment of an individual
            employee on the grounds of e.g. sex, race or
            ace, which may be banned by employment
            discrimination legislation. This also applies to
            the treatment of persons applying for jobs.

            employment exchange see job centre.

            employment, full see full employment.

            employment protection IND. REL. & MAN.
            legislation, procedures or agreements to protect
            the jobs of employees, e.g. agreements on
            maternity leave or on redundancy levels. The
            term is also used more widely for all agreements
            on employee rights, e.g. periods of notice.

            employment report MAN. the part of a com-
            pany’s annual report which gives details of
            employees and their terms of employment.
            Pioneered in France, it is now being introduced
            to other countries. Syn. social balance sheet.

            employment, security of see security (1).

            Employment Theory ECON. THEORY that
            branch of economics that studies and explains
            the causes of changes in the level of employ-
            ment in the economy. See full employment.

            emporium com. (1) an important trading centre,
            usu. a town such as London, Frankfurt, Paris.
            (2) a large shop selling many different kinds of
            goods. Syn. mart.

            empower to give power (to somebody) to act:
            I empowered an agent to sell my house. He was
            empowered by the board to act for the company.

            empties empty containers which are to be used
            again.

            E.M.S. European Monetary System.

            E.M.U. economic and monetary union.

            enabling payments MAN. incentive payments
            made to senior executives. Syn. goodwill pay-
            ments.

            encash FIN. & BKG. to change (a cheque, postal
            order, etc.) into cash. To receive money in the
            form of cash in exchange for giving up a claim
            to money. Syn. to cash. Adj. encashable.

            encashment FIN. & BKG. the act of encashing.
            encashment credit an arrangement that makes
            it possible for a customer with a bank account
            in one place to encash cheques up to an agreed
            amount at a bank in another place.

            encl., enclo. enclosure; enclosed. —

            enclosure (1) a thing enclosed in (put inside) a
            letter. (U.S.A.) inclosure. Abbr. encl.; enclo.
            (2) ECON. HIST. & AGR. the practice, which had
            important effects on the agricultural system, of
            enclosing and taking possession of areas of
            land formerly considered to be common land.
            In England this process was used first in the
            fifteenth and sixteenth centuries to obtain more
            pasture (grassland) to support the wool trade,

            endorsement - 201

            and again in the eighteenth and nineteenth
            centuries to form fields that were larger and
            more economically cultivated.

            encumber to hinder with difficulties: She is
            encumbered with too much luggage/debt. His
            estate is encumbered with mortgages. He encum-
            bered his property with mortgages.

            encumbrance LAw a charge or liability on
            property such as a mortgage: Free of all encum-
            brances, there are no mortgages or other char-
            ges on the property referred to. Also
            incumbrance.

            Encyclopédistes, les ECON. HIST. a group of
            social thinkers led by Diderot and d’Alembert
            in France in the mid-eighteenth century who
            wrote articles for the great French Encyclo-
            pedia using scientific argument and refusing to
            accept many old ideas and teachings. They
            were very much attacked by the Roman Cath-
            olic Church and by the French King and
            Government, but greatly influenced the new
            schools of thought that were developing before
            and during the French Revolution.

            end n. (1) the last part; the furthest limit: The
            end of the risk/road/a journey/contract/period of
            time. To make (both) ends meet, to manage with
            difficulty to live within one’s income. (2) STK.
            EXCH. The end of the Account, the last day of
            one of the credit periods allowed on dealings
            between members of the Stock Exchange. See
            Account, The. Syn. Account Day; Settlement,
            The. (3) an aim; a purpose: The end of all
            business activity is to make a profit. He uses the
            company’s property for his own ends, for his own
            purposes and advantage.
            ends p/. ECON. the various purposes for which
            the factors of production (land, labour, capital)
            can be used. The ends being unlimited in
            number and the factors of production being
            relatively scarce, the producer has to choose
            ends on which to use the factors he can employ.

            end-consumer com. the person who actually
            uses and consumes a product. Syn. end-user.

            end-of-season sale see under sale.

            endorse to sign one’s name on the back (of a
            cheque, bill of exchange, etc.). Syn. indorse
            (esp. in U.S.A.).
            endorsing stamp a rubber stamp used for print-
            ing by hand (using an endorsing pad and endors-
            ing ink) such information as numbers, dates
            receipts, addresses, and directions.

            endorsee BKG. the person in whose favour, or
            to whose advantage, a cheque, bill of exchange,
            bill of lading, etc. is endorsed. Cf. endorser.
            Syn. indorsee.

            endorsement (1) Law a Signature needed on a
            document to make it effective in law. (2) Law
            a short account of the contents written on the
            outside of a folded document. (3) Law a note
            made on a driving licence Officially recording
            that the holder has been convicted (found


                evince -p 213 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &


            202 - endorsement in blank

            guilty) of a motoring offence. (4) INSCE. iy
            writing added to a policy or cover-note WwW ie
            records a change in the conditions or adds %
            new condition to those in the main document
            (5) BKG. & COM. writing signed by the holde
            on the back of a bill of exchange or a chequi
            which has been drawn as payable to order
            making it payable to the holder who has signe
            it. If there is more than one endorsement, 1t 1
            payable to the holder who signed last. Syn
            indorsement; (Scotland) indorsation.
            accommodation endorsement see separate entry
            blank endorsement on a bill of exchange, at
            endorsement which does not state that it mus
            be paid to, or to the order of, any named party
            It will therefore be paid to the person wh«
            presents it. Syn. general endorsement; endorse
            ment in blank. Cf. special endorsement.
            conditional endorsement on a bill of exchange
            an endorsement in which the endorser make:
            a condition such as ‘Pay Thomas Smith o
            order, on his arrival in London’. The payins
            bank will usu. take no notice of the conditior
            and will pay the bill when normally due, as 1
            the condition did not exist.
            general endorsement see blank endorsemen
            above.
            qualified endorsement one by which th
            endorser limits or refuses his personal liability
            See recourse.
            restrictive endorsement on a bill of exchange
            an endorsement which forbids further nego
            tiation of the bill, such as ‘Pay Thomas Smitl
            only’, or ‘Pay John Brown for the account o:
            Richard Green’.
            special endorsement on a bill of exchange, ar
            endorsement which states the name of th
            person to whom, or to whose order, the bill i:
            payable.

            endorsement in blank see blank endorsemen
            under endorsement.

            endorser BKG. the person who, as payee
            endorses (writes his name on the back of) ;
            cheque or bill of exchange. Cf. endorsee. Se
            endorsement. Syn. indorser.

            endowment FIN. money or property given upor
            trust so as to produce a regular and permanen
            income for the person or organization to whon
            it is given. Such gifts are often made to charity
            or to a widow or daughter.

            endowment policy see under insurance policy

            endowment policy system (of depreci.
            ation) ACCTS. a method of providing fo:
            depreciation by arranging with an insuranc:
            company for a policy which will produce ;
            payment equal to the original cost of the asset
            this payment being due when the asset i:
            expected to become no longer useful. Thi:
            method is esp. used for wasting assets.
            nates ae this charges each year a1

            alculated by dividing the Origina

            er?) = 3:..06hCUw

            wet AF

            ~~ Fe =

            -_ ey ome | a a

            cost of the asset (less any expected scrap value)
            by the number of years of the expected usefu]
            life (past and future) of the asset. It is the most
            usual method in U.S.A. and Britain.
            reducing balance method see separate entry.

            end-product IND. the main article or com-
            modity that results after the last of a series of
            processes of operations. Cf. by-product.

            end-user see end-consumer. |

            enemy (1) a person or country with whom One
            ‘s at war: The Queen's enemies (in bills of
            lading) those countries on which Britain has
            declared war. (2) MAR. INSCE. any countries
            which are at war with each other, not necess-
            arily with one’s own country.

            enfaced bond see assented bond under bond,

            n.

            Eng. England; English; engineer(ing).

            engage (1) to arrange to employ: To engage
            staffja secretary. (2) to hire accommodation, a
            vehicle, etc.: J have engaged a bus/taxifhotel
            room/hall. (3) to employ (oneself) in: He engages
            in business/politics/sports/crime. The Jac tory is
            engaged in secret work. (4) to promise; to bind
            oneself: He engaged to serve me as an apprentice
            for five years. She is engaged to be married. (5) to
            be in use: The (telephone) line/toilet is engaged,
            being used temporarily by somebody else. Syn.
            (U.S.A.) busy.

            engagement, without see without engage-
            ment.

            Engel’s Law ECON. a basic idea first put forward
            by Ernst Engel, a German statistician
            (1821-96), that poor families spend a higher
            proportion of their income on food than richer
            families.

            engineering insurance see under insurance,
            classes and kinds of.

            England, Bank of see Bank of England.

            English ton see long ton under ton.

            engross (1) LAW to write or type a document,
            such as a deed, in a form ready for execution,
            i.e. ready to be made effective by being signed,
            sealed and delivered. (2) com. esp. in U.S.A.,
            to obtain monopolistic control of a market by
            buying up the whole supply of a commodity.
            Syn. corner. See forestalling.

            engrossment Law the actual copy of a docu-
            ment, such as a deed, that has been made ready
            for execution. See engross.

            enhance to increase, esp. in value or appear-
            ance: Dry weather has enhanced the price of
            vegetables. Designers enhance the attractiveness
            of products. N. enhancement.

            enjoyment LAw the use of a legal right: Enioy-
            ment of peaceful possession of ee ’s aan

            enquire (1) to ask for information: Enquire who
            he is/ how he is. Enquire about/after his health.
            Enquire for this brand of goods in the shops, ask
            for, try to find. Enquire into an accident, look
            into and examine the causes. (2) STK. EXCH. of


                evince -p 214 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            a security, enquired for, asked about, looked
            for, in demand. Syn. inquire.

            enquirer a person who enquires, who asks for
            information. Syn. inquirer. |

            enquiries before contract LAW the questions
            on a number of matters to which a solicitor
            has to obtain answers before his client, the
            buyer of a house, can safely sign the contract
            of sale. The most important questions relate to
            the seller’s title or right to sell the house. Syn.
            preliminary enquiries. | : |

            enquiry (1) the act of asking for information: /
            found out by enquiry, by asking. On enquiry, he
            obtained our address, when he asked. (2) a
            question; a request for information: We are
            receiving many enquiries about our tours/
            products/prices. A public enquiry, a formal exam-
            ination by persons in authority of (a) the causes
            that led to an event of public importance or
            (b) a proposed new development such as a
            major road. (3) COM. a request for a quotation,
            i.e. a request to be told the price and conditions
            of delivery, etc. before placing an order for the
            goods. Syn. inquiry.

            enquiry agent see credit agency.

            enquiry office see under office.

            ensilage see silage.

            entail LAW a condition placed on the holder of
            land that the ownership shall pass only to a
            stated line of persons, usu. the eldest son of the
            eldest son, so that the land shall always stay in
            the family. See fee tail under fee.

            entd. entered.

            enter (1) to go or come into: Jo enter a building.
            (2) to join: He entered the firm in 1930. (3) to
            put one’s name down for an examination or a
            competition. (4) to make a record in a book or
            list, esp. an account book: To enter an amount
            in the ledger account. To enter up an account, to
            bring it up to date; to make it complete. (5) to
            become bound by: Jo enter into an agreement.
            To start; to carry on: He entered into/upon
            negotiations for the sale of the business. To enter
            bids, in bargaining. (6) to present formally, esp.
            to some authority: To enter an action/writ/plea
            in the courts. To enter goods with the Customs.
            Abbr. entd. (entered).

            enterprise (1) the quality (in a businessman) of
            commercial energy and daring, and a willing-
            ness to take financial, esp. uninsurable, risks.
            It is considered by many economists to be one
            of the factors of production, along with land,
            labour and capital. (2) an industrial or commer-
            cial organization. (3) an economic system
            which allows a degree of freedom to the private
            businessman.
            free enterprise an economic system in which
            private persons are free to own capital and
            to organize their businesses as they wish on
            condition that they obey certain laws intended
            to protect society from harm by dishonest or

            entrepreneur - 203

            reedy people. Syn. capitalism; private enter-
            rise.

            rivate enterprise an economic system in which
            rivate persons are entirely free to own all
            inds of property and to carry on any commer-
            al or industrial activity, the state interfering
            ; little as possible in the running of the econ-
            my. Syn. capitalism; free enterprise.

            ublic enterprise a publicly-owned commercial
            r industrial organization that performs some
            sential service, such as transport, or produces
            yme essential commodity, such as coal, that
            yuld be (and in the past often was) performed
            r produced by privately-owned organizations.
            yn. state enterprise; state-owned enterprise;
            ublic corporation.

            ate enterprise see public enterprise above.
            erpriser see entrepreneur.

            erprise zone IND. a special area declared
            y government in the U.K. and other countries
            here specially favourable conditions apply
            yr the establishment of businesses, generally
            yvernment grants and freedom from various
            xes and levies. Such schemes are usu. design-
            1 to encourage new business in old industrial
            reas which have fallen into decay.

            erprising possessing the qualities of energy,
            aring and readiness to take financial risks in
            commercial or industrial activity: An enter-
            ‘ising builder/trader/manufacturer.
            ertainment (1) COM. & IND. in business, the
            ‘ving of food, drink and amusement to guests,
            sp. to special customers, suppliers and visitors
            om abroad, for the purpose of making busi-
            ess deals easier to complete. (2) amusements
            ich as plays, films, night clubs, etc., esp. if
            erformed in or open to the public.
            ertainment account ACCTs. the account to
            hich the costs of entertainment are charged.
            ertainment allowance MAN. a sum of
            joney given regularly to an employee from
            hich to pay for the entertainment of his
            nployer’s business guests.

            ertainment expenses see under expenses.
            ertainment shares see amusement shares.
            ity convention LAW & ACCTS. the idea that
            company is separate from its owners (and
            erefore that the owners are not liable to meet
            ie debts of the company from their personal
            sets).

            repdt 7. CoM. (French) a warehouse: a com-
            ercial or trading centre where goods are col-
            cted, temporarily stored and then sent out by
            nd, sea or air, to be sold in other markets.
            su. a town or a district having a port.

            dj. An entrepot port. Entrepét trade. Pron.
            ntrepo.

            repreneur (1) ECON. THEORY a person who
            fganizes the factors of production, land,
            bour and capital, to produce and sell goods,
            ten in anticipation of demand, in the expec-



                evince -p 215 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &


            a Lon
            204 - entrust

            tation of receiving a profit. He is a basic con-
            cept (idea) in economics, being the planner
            and risk-taker, and is considered by many
            economists to form a fourth factor of pro-
            duction called enterprise, without which the
            other three cannot be effective. Pron. ontre-
            prenur. Syn. enterpriser. See enterprise. Adj.
            entrepreneurial. (2) MAN. a person, usu. the
            owner, who organizes, finances and manages
            a commercial or industrial organization in the
            expectation of making a profit. (3) IND. a per-
            son whose business actions make him a leader
            in the economic world esp. when they result in
            industrial growth or technical advances.
            entrust to put, place (something) in somebody’s
            care: I entrust my money to my bankers. He
            entrusted me with the job of reorganizing the
            factory. Also intrust.
            entry (1) ACCTs. see double entry; single entry;
            closing entry. (2) LAW the act of entering a
            property for the purpose of claiming and
            defending one’s rights in it.
            entry, bill of see bill of entry.
            entry, Captain's see under captain.
            entry, Customs see customs entry.
            entry visa see under visa.
            environment the natural, social and economic
            conditions in which we live and work. Adj.
            environmental.
            environmental scanning a branch of strategic
            planning which examines all aspects of the
            environment in which a business operates (e.g.
            social, technological, economic, political) in
            order to see future opportunities and threats.
            E.O.E. European Options Exchange.
            E.P.P. Executive Pension Plan.
            E.P.S. earnings per share.
            E.P.U. European Payments Union.
            eq. equal; equivalent.
            equality of sacrifice TAXN. a basic idea in the
            theory of taxation, that in charging taxes there
            should be equal sacrifice by all.
            equalization fund see Exchange Equalization
            Account.
            equalization grant see rate-deficiency grant
            under grant.
            equal opportunities IND. REL. & MAN. the prin-
            ciple that men and women should be treated
            as equal in all aspects of employment; many
            countries now have a large body of equal
            opportunities legislation.
            equal pay IND. the guiding rule that men and
            women should earn equal pay for work of equal
            value. The equal-pay movement started after
            the Second World War, and in 1970 a law was
            passed by the British Parliament making it an
            offence for an employer to pay a person of one
            sex more than a person of the other for doing
            the same kind of work.
            equated time see average date.
            _ equation of exchange see Fisher Equation.


            Equator on a map, the line round the earth
            through points or places that are an e
            distance from the North and South Poles. lati-
            tude 0°. Syn. The Line (collog.).

            equilibrium ECON. THEORY a basic conce t
            (idea) much used in economic argument. :
            state of balance, when all the economic forces
            present in a situation have an equal influence
            and there is no tendency to change. Thus. the
            price of a commodity is in equilibrium when
            the total demand is just satisfied by the tota)
            supply. This price is called the equilibrium price:
            and so long as the total demand and the tota)
            supply of the commodity remain equal, the
            equilibrium price will remain unchanged. See
            Cambridge School. Opp. disequilibrium.
            general equilibrium a state of balance in all the
            many markets that make up the economic
            system. Economic theory studies the effect that
            e.g. a change of price of one commodity may
            have on the prices of other commodities before
            a state of general equilibrium is reintroduced.
            partial equilibrium a state of balance in the
            market for a particular commodity. Economic
            theory studies the effect of a change e.g. of
            price, in that particular market only, supposing
            that no changes take place in other markets.
            Syn. particular equilibrium.

            particular equilibrium see partial equilibrium
            above.

            Equi-Marginal Returns, Law of see Substi-
            tution, Law of.

            equipment things needed for a special purpose:
            Fire-fighting equipment. Office equipment.

            equitable assets see assets (2).

            equitable lien see under lien.

            equitable mortgage see under mortgage.

            equitable tax see progressive tax under tax.

            equities STK. EXCH. ordinary shares in limited
            liability companies, so called because they
            Carry a right to a share in the equity of the
            company. See equity of a company. Syn. ordi-
            nary shares.

            equity (1) Law a branch of English and Amer-
            ican law consisting of rules based on the idea
            that fairness and justice are more important
            than common law. Thus, in the settling of legal
            actions, if there is a disagreement between the
            rules of law and equity, equity must be the

            Stronger, and the courts will decide accord-

            ingly. (2) STK. EXCH. that part of a company’s

            capital that belongs to the ordinary share-
            holders or, in U.S.A., common stockholders,

            i.e. the persons who bear the risk and therefore

            in the end have the right to an equal share in

            the profits.

            shareholders’ /stockholders’ equity the total of

            the capital and reserves of a company.

            (3) STK. EXCH. an investment security that does

            not earn interest but carries the right to a



                evince -p 216 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            share in the distributed profits, i.e. to receive
            : divider ting ACCTS. the accounting prac-

            equity account! 1g arnt
            tice of including in a company s own ae °
            a sum equal to a proportion of the retained
            (i.e. undistributed) profits of another company
            ‘n which it holds a similar proportion (usu.
            20% or more but not a majority) of the capital.
            In doing this it 1s argued that it has the equity,
            ‘e. a right to claim a share in those profits
            although it receives no actual money from
            them. Since tax on these profits will already
            have been paid, a company adopting equity
            accounting thus increases its declared profits
            without increasing its liability to tax.

            equity capital see under capital.

            equity fund see common stock fund under
            mutual fund.

            equity-linked policy see under insurance pol-
            icy.

            ott of a company (1) STK. EXCH. the right
            possessed by the holders of ordinary shares or
            stock in a limited liability company to receive
            a part of the balance remaining of the accumu-
            lated profits and total assets of the company
            after paying all prior charges, such as creditors,
            debenture-holders and preference share-
            holders. Syn. (Britain) shareholders’ equity;
            (U.S.A.) stockholders’ equity. (2) ordinary
            stock or shares in a company.

            equity of redemption FIN. the right of a mort-
            gagor (borrower) to regain possession of his
            property when he has repaid the money lent,
            after giving reasonable notice to the mortgagee
            (lender).

            equity of taxation LAW & TAXN. a basic legal
            rule that taxes should be charged on members
            of the public as fairly and justly as possible,
            and that they should be based on equality of
            sacrifice and ability to pay. See equality of
            sacrifice.

            equity, owners’ see net worth.

            equity share see under share; also equity of a
            company.

            equiv. equivalent.

            equivalent adj. equal in some respect, such as
            in value, effect, importance: A distribution/
            dividend/yield equivalent to 10%. One pound is
            equivalent to 100 pence. Abbr. eq.; equiv.
            n. that which is equal: One kilogram is the
            equivalent of 2.2 pounds avoirdupois.

            eraser (1) a piece of special rubber or plastic for
            rubbing out writing or typewriting. We stock
            and sell pencil/ink/typewriter erasers. (2) a knife
            used for scraping away writing.

            erasure (1) writing or typewritten matter that
            has been rubbed out or scraped away. Erasures
            are not allowed in account books. Corrections
            and erasures must be initialled. (2) removal of
            recorded material from magnetic tape, etc.

            ergonometrics IND. the scientific measurement

            escalator clause - 205

            of the amount of work done by a worker in a
            factory, mine, etc.

            ergonomics IND. the study of the ways in which
            human beings do their work and the means by
            which those ways may be improved to make
            work more productive. In large production
            units these improvements consist mainly in
            giving the worker pleasant and comfortable
            surroundings, more interesting jobs to perform,
            and special tools, equipment and training to
            make the work easier to do. Syn. human-factor
            engineering. An ergonomist is a person who
            makes a special study of ergonomics and its
            value in industry.

            E.R.I.S.A. Employee Retirement Income Secur-
            ity Act. |

            E.R.M. Exchange Rate Mechanism. |

            ERNIE Electronic Random Number Indicator
            Equipment. See premium savings bond.

            erosion (1) AGR. the action of wearing away,
            esp. of rocks and soils.
            soil erosion the removal or washing away of
            surface soil by running water or other natural
            causes such as strong winds.
            (2) FIN. of capital, profits, values, the state of
            becoming less or smaller by being eaten into,
            esp. by economic forces.
            v. to erode: Rising prices are eroding company
            earnings.

            error a mistake: An arithmetical error. An error
            of addition | calculation | judgment / navigation.
            Human|clerical error. To correct/adjust/rectify
            an error. In error, by mistake; wrongly: We
            regret that the article was sent/dispatched/
            invoiced/debited/credited/returned in error.
            posting error or error of posting ACCTS. one of
            several kinds of error made in book-keeping:
            Error of commission, when the wrong account
            or the wrong amount has been debited or
            credited. Error of omission, when an entry has
            been omitted entirely from the books. Error of
            principle, when an entry has been made in
            an entirely wrong kind of account, such as a
            liability entered as a profit. See trial balance;
            reversal of entries.

            errors and omissions excepted AcctTs. &
            CoM. the abbr. E. & O.E. is commonly printed
            at the foot of invoices to warn the customer
            that any mistakes or omissions may later be
            corrected.

            E.R.T. excess retention tax.

            escalate to increase in quantity or value, like
            the upward movement of an escalator (moving
            staircase). The turnover of his business is escalat-
            ing. His pension escalates by 3% per annum. Our
            costs, and therefore our prices, are escalating in
            this period of inflation. Cf. rise, v.; rocket. Opp.
            de-escalate.

            escalator bond see under bond, n.

            escalator clause com. in a contract, a clause
            that provides for the price to be adjusted (chan-


            "
            OS  ————— i

                evince -p 217 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            206 - escape clause

            ed conditions, such as
            f labour and materials.
            d in a contract in

            ged) under certain stat
            an increase in the cost o
            Such a clause is often include

            id inflation.

            Cae cas raw in a contract, a clause that,

            in certain stated conditions, allows one party
            to be free of certain of his duties under the
            contract, or to be no longer bound at all by it.

            escrow LAW a written agreement such as a
            contract, deed or bond that has been formally
            delivered by one of the parties to an indepen-
            dent person to be held in trust and to be
            delivered to the other party only when he
            has performed some stated duty, such as the
            payment of a sum of money. While the docu-
            ment is held in trust by the independent person
            it is said to be in escrow. Pron. escro.

            Esq. Esquire.

            Esquire in Britain, strictly a title given to gentle-
            men next in rank below a knight; but now
            used only in abbreviated form Esq. placed after
            the name and as a polite custom instead of Mr,
            Dr, etc. Address letters to him as: John Smith,
            Esq., Barrister; but when you speak to him call
            him Mr Smith.

            Ess. Essex, England.

            essence of a contract LAw the essentially
            important condition, being the main purpose
            of the contract. If such a condition is broken,
            the party harmed may treat the contract as no
            longer being in force and may bring an action
            in the courts for damages for breach of con-
            tract. See breach of contract.

            E.S.T. Eastern Standard Time.

            Est., est. established.

            establish to set up in permanent form; to begin
            building or forming: A business established in
            1724 is an old-established business. He estab-
            lished himself in banking, became a successful
            banker. To establish good | friendly | cordial
            relations with customers|staff/ suppliers | one’s
            bank manager. Syn. found. Abbr. Est.; est.

            establishment (1) COM. & IND. a business organ-
            ization, esp. a large successful concern employ-
            ing many people. (2) the administrative
            organization such as staff, buildings and ser-
            vices, needed to support the work of a business
            concern. Establishment charges, the expenses of
            running such an organization. Syn. overheads.
            (3) a large private household employing a num-
            ber of servants: A large private establishment.
            (4) the act of establishing: The board decided
            on the establishment of a branch in Cairo.

            Establishment, The in Britain, a broad combi-
            nation of persons in high positions who tend
            to be an unofficial ruling class and are con-
            sidered by many to have too much influence
            in public affairs.

            estate (I) LAW an interest in, or ownership of,
            land. Syn. legal estate.
            freehold estate land owned totally and com-

            pletely, without a fixed limit in time.
            leasehold estate land held for a fixed number
            of years under a lease, sometimes renewable
            for further periods.
            life estate an interest in land for the owner's
            lifetime only.
            personal estate see separate entry.
            real estate see separate entry.
            (2) LAW the property (considered as a whole)
            of a person who has died, or of a bankrupt. (3)
            an area of land which has been planned and
            developed by building houses (a housing estate),
            or factories (an industrial estate), or warehouses
            and offices (a trading estate). Syn. ( U.S.A.)
            industrial park. (4) AGR. a large area of land
            where useful trees are grown: A tea/rubber
            estate. Syn. plantation. (5) an area of land
            forming a single property: He owns an estate in
            Scotland.
            estate agent COM. a person who acts as agent
            for another in buying, selling, letting and rent-
            ing land and buildings and who, for a fee or
            commission, provides certain services such as
            managing leased property, collecting rents,
            making surveys and valuing properties. Syn.
            house agent; land agent; (U.S.A.) realtor; real-
            estate broker.
            estate duty see death duties.
            estate manager see land agent (2).
            estate tax see under tax.
            esteem v. (1) to set a high value on; to regard
            with favour: J esteem him highly. Thank you for
            your esteemed order, a polite expression now
            little used. (2) to consider; regard: We esteem
            your complaint unjustified.
            n. great respect: He was held in (high) esteem
            by his colleagues.
            estimate n. (1) a probable figure of size, cost,
            time, etc. arrived at by any method, from
            guessing to careful calculation. (2) a statement
            of probable cost of supplying certain stated
            goods or services, made in the hope of getting
            an order. Syn. a quotation; a quote.
            v. to work out, to arrive at a probable figure:
            The builders estimate a delay of three weeks. I
            estimate that you owe me £75. The estimated
            cost of production is £2 per article.
            estimator IND. & COM. a person who prepares
            estimates, esp. of costs of production.
            estoppel Law a rule of evidence which prevents
            a person from saying that a formal statement
            which he made earlier is untrue, or from claim-
            ing that facts which he formerly said were true
            are untrue. He is said to be estopped from
            denying (saying the opposite to) what he said
            earlier.

            estuarine port sHIPG. a port at the mouth of a
            river.
            et al. et alii or alia.

            et alii or alia (Latin) and others. Abbr. et al.
            etc. et cetera.



                evince -p 218 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            European Coal and St

            et cetera (Latin) and the others; and the rest;
            and so On. Abbr. etc.
            ethical goods ADVTG. certain medical goods
            that are advertised only in medical magazines
            and newspapers and not to the general public.
            Such goods are usu. the products of companies
            that have patents to manufacture them.

            ethics (1) the study of right and wrong behav-
            ‘our. (2) a set of moral rules, esp. those that
            guide members of a profession or of an organ-
            ‘zed group of businessmen, such as stock-
            brokers, to deal honestly and responsibly with
            the public and with each other. Professional/
            legal/medical/business ethics. Cf. etiquette.

            ethos MAN. the values shared by a group within
            an organization. See also coalition. Cf. corpor-
            ate culture.

            etiquette the rules of social behaviour, usu.
            based on custom and morality and serving as
            a guide esp. to groups of persons in business
            and in the medical and legal professions, on
            how to behave correctly in various situations.
            Accepted rules governing correct manners in
            polite society. /t is not etiquette to ask a lady
            her age/ask a man his income. Medical etiquette
            forbids a doctor from attracting patients away
            from another doctor. Legal etiquette prevents
            solicitors or barristers from giving away the
            secrets of their clients. Cf. ethics.

            et seq. et sequentes or et sequentia.

            et sequentes or et sequentia (Latin) and the
            following; and what follows. Abbr. et seq.

            E.U.A European Unit of Account.

            Eurailpass TOUR. a pass or ticket which allows
            a tourist to travel at reduced cost on railways
            of most countries on the continent of Europe.

            EURATOM the European Atomic Energy Com-
            munity.

            Eurobond FIN. & BKG. originally a bond issued
            by a non-European bank, usu. an American
            bank, and sold to investors in Europe in return
            for Eurodollars. But with the growth of the
            market the meaning has widened to include
            any type of bond issued by a government or a
            company through a bank of one country in
            the currency of that country but sold, usu. by
            banks, internationally. Trading in such bonds
            takes place in the Eurobond market.

            Eurocapital FIN. & BKG. capital raised in the
            money markets of the European Economic
            Community, usu. by the activities of the Lon-
            don merchant banks. See Eurocurrency.

            Eurocheque FIN. & BKG. a cheque similar to a
            traveller’s cheque issued by a European bank
            that can be cashed at most banks and many
            shops in Europe provided that the traveller
            Shows a special cheque card. However, some,
            esp. American, banks and many retailers in
            Europe charge a very high rate of commission
            for these cheques.

            Euro-commercial paper FIN. & BKG. highly

            eel Community (E.C.S.C.) - 207

            liquid short-term notes issued by borrowers
            without arranging for the issue to be under-
            written.

            urocurrency FIN. & BKG. currencies other than
            dollars used in the same way as Eurodollars,
            i.e. away from their home country. See Euro-
            dollars.

            uro$CD, Euro$TD see Eurodollar deposit.

            urodollar deposit BKG. & FIN. a deposit bear-
            ing a face value stated in U.S. dollars and
            placed outside the U.S.A. with a foreign bank
            or foreign branch of a U.S. bank.

            Eurodollar certificate of deposit a negotiable
            instrument similar to a certificate of deposit
            issued in the U.S.A. but relating to a Eurodollar
            deposit. Abbr. Euro$CD.

            Eurodollar time deposit a time deposit similar
            to those issued in the U.S.A. but relating to a
            Eurodollar deposit. Abbr. Euro$TD.

            ‘urodollars FIN. & BKG. U.S. dollars that have

            been deposited with banks outside the U.S.A.,
            not necessarily in Europe, and lent to bor-
            rowers outside the U.S.A. These deposits and
            loans of dollars are not subject to the same
            regulations as dealings in domestic currencies,
            and have grown rapidly in importance as fin-
            ance for international trade.
            Eurodollar market the market for Eurodollars,
            consisting of banks mainly in London and
            other European cities which accept deposits
            and offer loans in Eurodollars.

            ‘uro-equity issues FIN. & STK. EXCH. shares
            sold by international groups of banks in several
            countries, thus giving the issuing company an
            international spread of shareholders.

            :urofranc FIN. & BKG. French francs that are
            held as deposits with banks outside France.
            Cf. Eurodollars.

            -uromarket (1) CoM. a short name for the Euro-
            pean Common Market or E.E.C. (2) FIN. &
            BKG. the European capital market, a series of
            markets for Eurobonds, swaps and deposits in
            Eurocurrencies. London is by far the biggest,
            with other main ones in France, Belgium, Hol-
            land and Italy. There are also Euromarkets
            outside Europe, esp. in Japan and Canada.

            -uromoney see Eurocurrency.

            -uronotes see note-issuance facility.

            -uropean Atomic Energy Community
            (EURATOM) set up in 1958 to develop the
            industrial production and use of nuclear energy
            for peaceful purposes on a European scale. In
            1967 the controlling bodies of Euratom and
            the E.C.S.C. were combined with that of the
            E.E.C. to form the present Council of Ministers
            and the Commission of the European Com-
            munities.

            =uropean Coal and Steel Community
            (E.C.S.C.) an organization set up in 1952
            to develop and control the production and
            distribution of coal and steel in the six countries



                evince -p 219 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            208 - European Commission

            that later (1957) formed the E.E.C.: West va
            many, France, Belgium, Holland, Eur a
            and Italy. Its controlling body was later S i
            combined with those of Euratom and _
            E.E.C. to form the present Council of age ers
            and the Commission of the European Com

            nities. ; A
            cunephens Commission one of the governing
            organs of the E.E.C. It is the body which
            puts proposals to the Council of Ministers for

            decision and sees that the members carry out
            their duties under the Treaty. It consists of two
            members from each of the larger countries,
            Germany, France, Italy and Britain, and one
            each from the other countries.

            European Common Market see European
            Economic Community.

            European Co-operation Administration
            see Marshall (Aid) Plan. Abbr. E.C.A.

            European Council see Council of Ministers.

            European Court of Justice Law one of the
            main organs of the E.E.C.; it is responsible for
            explaining and deciding the meaning of the
            provisions of the Treaty of Rome and for trying
            actions brought by any member state or by
            corporations or private persons. Its decisions
            have greater power than those of any of the
            national courts. It meets in Luxemburg. Cf.
            International Court of Justice of the U.N.

            European Currency Unit the ecu.

            European Economic Community (E.E.C.)
            an association of western European countries
            formed under the Treaty of Rome in 1957 to
            bring by stages a state of complete economic
            unity and a common market among its mem-
            bers. At the start there were six members:
            West Germany, France, Belgium, Holland,
            Luxemburg and Italy. These were joined in
            1973 by Britain (the United Kingdom), Ireland
            and Denmark, in 1979 by Greece and in 1985
            by Spain and Portugal making the total twelve.
            There are a number of associate members, see
            Lome Convention. Unity was to be gained by
            steps leading to: the removal of all hindrances
            to trade and free competition, and to mobility
            of labour, capital and enterprise between and
            within the member countries; the adoption of
            a common trading policy with non-member
            countries; the adoption of common agricultural
            and economic policies and the co-ordination
            (causing to work together) of transport systems.
            The main organs that govern the E.E.C. are:
            the Council of Ministers; the European Com-
            mission; the European Court of Justice; and
            the European Parliament. There are also a
            European Development Fund, a European
            Social Fund, a European Invest
            pndrt: Butienns ac stment Bank,

            Fc pean Kegional Development Fund.

            uropean Free Trade A ae
            (E.F.T.A secs . SsSociation
            , - an economic grouping of

            se
            ven European countries -- Austria, Finland

            , Portugal, Sweden and Swit-
            ites  eouenesit with which it
            forms a customs union) -- who, by the Stock-
            holm Convention of 1959, formed a free trade
            area by gradually removing all import duties
            on goods (except agricultural produce) made
            in any E.F.T.A. country. Before joining the
            E.E.C. in 1973, the United Kingdom and Den-
            mark also were members of E.F.T.A. Unlike
            the E.E.C., E.F.T.A. has no common trade
            policy towards non-members, each member
            being free to charge what import duties it
            wishes, but after 1973 those countries left in
            EE.T.A. came to an agreement with the
            E_E.C. countries to make trade between them

            pean Fund see European Monetary Agree-
            .M.A.).
            ow ieeaent Bank (E.1.B.) BKG. «
            FIN. a bank formed in Brussels in 1958 by the
            European Economic Community to help to
            fnance economic development within the
            munity.

            ae Monetary Agreement (E.M.A.)

            ECON. an association of European countries
            set up in 1958 under the management of the
            O.E.C.D. to replace the European Payments
            Union as their currencies became convertible.
            The aim of the E.M.A. 1s to encourage and
            develop international trade and convertibility
            of currencies between its members. Through
            the European Fund, which it operates, it
            arranges monthly settlements of debt between
            members and provides them with short-term
            loans when needed. Membership of E.M.A.
            consists of members of the E.E.C., E.F.T.A.
            and some other countries.

            European Monetary System (E.M.S.) FIN.
            an association of European countries that has
            grown out of the original Snake which was set
            up in 1979. The aim of the E.M:S. is to stabilize
            (make steady) the exchange rates between the
            currencies of its members, and to introduce
            a new common or central currency, the ecu
            (European Currency Unit). Among members
            of the E.MLS. each country’s currency is given
            a value in ecus, called a central rate; from this
            a parity grid is prepared, being a table showing
            the relative exchange value in ecus of each pair
            of currencies. As soon as market rates vary
            from this parity by more than a certain fixed
            percentage the central banks, and if necessary
            the governments, of the countries concerned

            must act to avoid further variation. This pro-
            cess 18 Called the Fx

            change Rate Mechanism
            (E.R.M.). see Snake.
            European option see under option.
            European Options Exchange (E.0.E.) see
            options exchange.

            European Payments Union (E.P.U.) see
            European Monetary Agreement.


            : el
            a oe a ,

                evince -p 220 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            ean Regional Development Fund a
            re of the E.E.C. which gives loans and
            grants to develop backward areas of the Com-

            munity. .

            European Unit of Account an international
            unit used for accounting between members of
            the European Economic Community before
            1979, and now replaced by the ecu. Abdr.
            E.U.A. |

            Europort SHIPG. & COM. any of the more impor-
            tant ports in the European Economic Com-
            munity, but esp. Rotterdam, in Holland.

            Eurosterling FIN. & BKG. amounts of sterling
            (the currency of Britain) that have been
            deposited with and lent by banks in the Euro-
            pean money market outside Britain. Cf. Euro-
            dollars.

            Eurotunnel see Channel Tunnel under Channel,
            The.

            evade to escape (from paying) with dishonest
            intentions: Yo evade one’s responsibilities/
            obligations. He evaded his creditors. He is good
            at evading taxes.

            evaluate to find out, calculate or measure the
            value (of something).
            N. evaluation, the act of evaluating. See job
            evaluation.

            evasion TAXN. using illegal means of avoiding
            payment of a tax. The crime of reducing the
            tax payable by making false tax declarations.
            Cf. tax avoidance.

            even adj. (1) unchanging: The quality of our
            product is even, never changes. Our prices remain
            even all through the year. (2) equal; the same:
            An even account, one with both sides totalling
            the same, leaving no debit or credit balance.
            Even money ; even odds ; evens, in betting, equal
            chances of winning or losing. Your letter of even
            date, of today’s date. To break even, see separate
            entry. (3) fair; just: An even bargain/deal/game,
            fair to both sides, not favouring one or the
            other. (4) of numbers (a) that can be divided
            exactly by two, with nothing left over, e.g. 2,
            4, 6, 8, etc. The even-numbered houses are on
            one side of the street, the odd numbers are on the
            other. Opp. odd. (6) in whole numbers, without
            fractions, or to the nearest ten, hundred, thou-
            sand, etc. For simplicity we count in even tens/
            hundreds/thousands. Syn. in round figures.
            v. to make even or equal: To even (up) an
            account, to balance, to make both sides equal.
            To even out difficulties, to examine and get over
            them.

            eviction LAw the act of regaining possession of
            land and buildings by a court order forcing
            persons to leave who have no right to be there.

            evidence LAW something placed before a court
            that tends to prove a fact, or that makes a fact
            or thing clear: He gave evidence in court, made
            a solemn statement. These documents provide
            all the evidence we need. Evidence may be oral,

            ex - 209

            spoken; documentary, written; direct, seen or
            felt by the witness himself; indirect, circurnstan-
            tial or hearsay, not actually seen or felt by the
            witness; prima facie, accepted as proof unless
            disproved by other evidence.

            ex. excluding; examined; exchange; executed.

            ex (1) CoM. out of; from; at. When a seller quotes
            a price, e.g. ex works, he means that that is the
            price at the place stated, in this case the works
            or factory; and that the buyer bears all risks
            and expenses relating to the goods from that
            place to wherever the buyer has them moved.
            ex bond out of bond. Opp. in bond.
            ex dock the price includes all costs up to deliv-
            ery on land at the named port, including
            unloading, and customs duty. Syn. ex quay; ex
            wharf. Cf. ex ship.
            ex factory as ex works below. Abbr. X factory.
            ex mill(s) as ex works below, but collection is
            at the mill(s). Abbr. X mill(s); X ml.
            ex quay see ex dock above.
            ex ship the price includes all costs up to delivery
            at ship’s rail, i.e. still on board the ship, at the
            agreed port, the buyer being responsible for
            bearing all risks and costs from that point,
            including unloading charges, such as lighterage
            if the ship cannot be tied up at a wharf, and
            customs duty. Cf. ex dock. Syn. ex steamer;
            free overside. Abbr. X ship; X shp; X sh.
            ex steamer see ex ship above. Abbr. ex ss.; X
            Ss.
            ex stock from present stock, not from some
            future production or from goods not yet in
            stock. Abbr. ex stk; X stk.
            ex store as ex works below, but collection is
            from the seller’s store. Abbr. ex stre; X store:
            X stre.
            ex warehouse as ex works below, but collection
            is at the seller’s warehouse. Abbr. ex whse:; X
            whse.
            ex wharf see ex dock above. Abbr. ex whf:; X
            whf.
            ex works the price is for delivery at the works
            (factory). The buyer has to arrange for the
            collection of the goods at the works and is
            responsible for all expenses such as loading,
            Cartage, Carriage, insurance, etc. Syn. ex fac-
            tory; ex mill(s); ex store; ex warehouse. Abbr.
            X wks.
            (2) STK. EXCH. without. When the price of a
            security is quoted, e.g. ex div., it means that
            the price does not include the right to receive
            the next distribution or benefit (e.g. dividend)
            soon falling due, which will belong to the seller.
            Abbr. x. Opp. cum: with.
            ex all without any of the benefits soon due.
            Abbr. x.a.
            ex bonus without the bonus shares soon to be
            issued. Syn. ex capitalization; ex scrip. Addr.
            x.b.; ex. b.
            ex capitalization without the capitalization

            ao
            ——

            fi sie 1


                evince -p 221 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            210 - exact

            shares about to be issued. SY

            bonus. Abbr. ex CaP.» X.C.

            1m see ex rights below. Vs
            pi (of a bond) without the interest
            ex

            ; r. &Xx
            the coupon soon due for payment. Abb
            page he next income distri-

            ccerthution. without the Nea
            ed hbr. ex dist.; x.d.

            ‘on or dividend. A 3
            paar without the next dividend soon |

            _ Abbr. ex div.; x.d.
            . aiewink (of a bond) without any benefit that

            e from a drawing soon to take place.
            ee without the next interest payment
            soon due. Abbr. ex int.; X.in.
            ex new see ex rights below. Abbr. ex n.; X. New.
            ex repayment without the repayment of capital
            about to be made.
            ex rights without the rights issue soon due. Syn.
            ex claim; ex new. Abbr. x.r.
            ex scrip without the scrip issue about to take
            place. Syn. ex bonus; ex capitalization.

            exact v. to demand and force payment esp. of
            taxes or debts, or the giving of time, labour or
            attention: To exact payment from a debtor|
            taxpayer/ratepayer.
            exacting adj. difficult, demanding special atten-
            tion or treatment. An exacting job/journey/ ¢
            manager/market.
            exaction nm. (a) the act of exacting (money,
            etc.). (6) something exacted, esp. money which
            somebody has been unreasonably forced to
            pay.
            exaggerated claim INSCE. an insurance claim _ ¢
            that has been stated to be much greater than
            it ought to be: He exaggerated the value of the
            damage done by the fire. Where an insured ¢
            person dishonestly exaggerates the amount of
            a claim the insurers may treat the contract as
            breached (broken) and refuse to pay anything.
            ex all see under ex (2). Abbr. x.a.
            examination (1) Law the formal questioning of
            a witness in court usu. under oath or affir- ¢
            mation. There are three stages:
            examination-in-chief the questions put by, or €
            for, the party calling the witness.
            cross-examination further questioning by, or
            for, the other party to check and if possible
            destroy or reduce the effect of the examination-
            in-chief.
            re-examination still further questioning by, or
            for, the party calling the witness, with the aim
            of mending any unfavourable impression left
            by the cross-examination.
            ) ee hi customs officers, the act of closely
            8 at goods being imported or exported
            including where necessary the taking of
            ples for testing, in order t la
            goods are as described in seman nat
            eos ation) and to determine the sad —
            uty, if any, to be pai mOURE Of
            examines: paid. Syn. inspectio
            xamination, public see , =
            public €xamination.

            n. ex scrip; ©X


            b. ex bonus.
            a bond See under ex (1).

            ex (2). Abbr. ex b.; x.b.
            9x DOM 1 ae a contract for the
            : exchange of pon ieat me
            iz :

            He Oe lamtlan see under ex (2). Abbr. ex

            eas. ain limit:
            o beyond a certain it: He

            ee A " SL inosiorlim Our sales have
            exceeded all expectations. They have Pac
            their credit limit. (2) to be greater than: Demand

            ae 4 framework for strategic man-
            agement inspired by the book Jn —— of
            Excellence by the two American consultants
            Peters and Waterman, published in 1982. The
            book suggests that the world s most successful
            companies have eight special qualities in com-
            mon: these tend to give importance to the
            qualitative aspects of management, such as
            values, corporate culture and closeness to the
            customer. The excellence school has helped
            move attention away from the quantitative,
            analytical approach of the previous corporate
            planning school. ;

            sxcepted perils TRANSPT. & INSCE. in the car-
            riage of goods, risks which are expressly not
            covered by an ordinary insurance policy and
            for which the carriers are not liable. See Act
            of God; inherent vice; negligence; Queen’s
            enemies. 3

            xxception INSCE. an event or risk specially
            excluded (kept out) and so stated in the policy.
            See excepted perils.

            xceptional items ACCTS. items in a profit and
            loss account which are of an unusual size, and
            which are usu. shown in a separate note. They
            are nevertheless related to the normal oper-
            ations of the company, unlike extraordinary
            items.

            xception Principle see management by
            exception.

            xcess (1) the amount by which one quantity
            exceeds another, or is above a certain limit.
            An excess of receipts over expenses. Syn. surplus.
            Abbr. xs. (2) INSCR. in an insurance policy, an
            agreed amount that the insured will himself
            bear each time a claim is made, such as the
            first £100 of accident damage to a motor car.
            The insurer is bound to pay only for damage
            In excess of the agreed amount. Such a con-
            dition In a policy discourages the making of
            small claims and results in a reduction in the
            ee a (esp. U.S.A.) deductible. (3)
            ea amount of money that has to
            excess baggage ch

            e mone -
            chi Wileaen seateden y paid by a passen

            ge is heavier or larger than

            the free allowance.
            excess fare (a) money paid by a passenger

            we!



                evince -p 222 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            who wishes to change from a lower class of
            accommodation to a higher. (b) money paid by
            qa passenger who has a ticket for only part
            of the journey but wishes to travel a longer

            distance. . . .
            excess and surplus lines insurer see ad- e
            mitted insurer under insurer. ‘

            excess capacity see capacity.
            excess cash flow see under cash flow.

            excess demand see under demand. —

            excess-of-loss reinsurance see reinsurance
            under insurance, Classes and kinds of.

            excess profit see super-profit under profit.

            excess profits tax see under tax. e

            excess retention tax see under tax. Abbr. e
            E.R.T.

            excess Share(s) see under share. e

            excess supply see under supply.

            Exch. Exchequer.

            exch. exchange.

            exchange v. (1) to accept one thing for another:
            They exchanged cattle for horses. (2) to giveand E
            receive: We exchanged correspondence/letters/
            gifts. See exchange of contracts; exchange of
            shares. (3) BKG. to change the money of one
            country for that of another: Jo exchange
            currencies/traveller’s cheques/pounds for dollars/
            francs, etc. |
            n. (1) the act of exchanging: We agreed on an
            exchange of shares. He gave his car in exchange
            for her motor boat. E
            part-exchange the act of paying for something
            partly in money and partly in some article of
            which the value has been agreed.
            (2) the process of giving and receiving by
            common agreement: An exchange of inform-
            ation/views/know-how/ideas. (3) the changing of
            the money of one country into that of another.
            See foreign exchange; direct exchange;
            indirect exchange. (4) the value of onecurrency e
            expressed in units of another. See exchange
            rate. Abbr. exch. (5) the commission received
            by a money-changer or dealer in foreign cur-
            rencies. Any profit made in changing money.
            (6) COMMOD. & STK. EXCH. a place, esp. a build-
            ing or market-place, where goods and services
            are exchanged, usu. for money. Abbr. exch. &
            commodity exchange see separate entry.
            employment exchange see job centre.
            labour exchange see job centre.
            Stock Exchange see separate entry.
            telephone exchange see separate entry. e
            (7) ECON. the act of giving a commodity or
            service in return for another commodity or
            service or for money. Economics studies the
            systems which Man has developed in order to e
            obtain the advantages of specialization, which
            are possible only if there exists a system for e
            exchanging the products of specialization. See

            me economy; value in exchange.
            Cnangeable com. of goods, supplied on con-

            exchange rate - 211

            dition that if they are found by the buyer not
            to suit his purpose, he may return them either
            for credit, or for exchange for an equal value
            of other goods.

            xchange, bill of see bill of exchange.

            xchange broker see foreign-exchange broker.

            xchange control FIN. government rules limit-
            ing freedom of movement of money to other
            countries and on the buying and selling of
            foreign currencies, in order to prevent a flight
            of capital to other countries and to protect the
            external value of the country’s currency. In
            Britain the controls were removed in 1979.

            xchange dealer see foreign-exchange dealer.

            xchange, duplicate of see duplicate of ex-
            change.

            xchange economy ECON. an organized sys-
            tem for the production of wealth which has
            developed such a degree of specialization that
            products must be exchanged, a process made
            easy by the wide use of money.

            xchange Equalization Account FIN. & BKG.
            in Britain an account at the Bank of England,
            controlled by the Treasury, which is used by
            the government as a fund with which to buy
            and sell gold and foreign currencies, whenever
            necessary, to protect the external value of ster-
            ling against large upward or downward swings.
            It is a most important part of the country’s
            exchange-management system.

            xchange, First of, Second of see bill (of
            exchange) in a set.

            xchange, foreign see foreign exchange.

            xchange fund see under mutual fund.

            xchange jobber BKG. & FIN. a dealer, usu.
            a bank, who buys large amounts of foreign
            currencies and sells to smaller buyers and sel-
            lers such as other banks, brokers or merchants.
            Cf. foreign-exchange broker.

            xchange, medium of ECON. & FIN. any article
            or substance which, like money, is widely used,
            not for its own natural qualities, but because it
            forms a convenient and commonly acceptable
            means of payment when goods are exchanged,
            bought and sold. The main use of money is as a
            medium of exchange. See currency (3).

            xchange of contracts LAw the important
            stage in the transfer of property, when the
            buyer signs the contract of sale and sends it to
            the seller who also signs it. Thus both parties
            become legally bound to complete the transfer.

            xchange of shares stTK. EXCH. the simplest
            method of effecting a combination joining two
            or more companies, by an exchange (giving
            and receiving) of each other’s shares.

            xchanger FIN. & BKG. a dealer in foreign ex-
            change; a money-changer.

            xchange rate or rate of exchange BKG. the
            price at which one currency can be exchanged
            for another currency; the amount which one
            currency will buy of another currency at a



                evince -p 223 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            212 - exchange rate

            ime: ; hange rate ts $1.95
            ticular time: Today's exc |
            ois pound sterling. See also purchasing power

            arity.
            ‘i-in-rate see tel quel rate below.
            cable rate see separate entry.
            certain rate see certain (2).

            try.
            cheque rate see separate en 7? OF
            cael rate a rate that in Britain 1s quoted

            by stating the number of foreign units that -
            obtainable for one pound sterling: $1.95 to

            or £/ = $1.95. Cf. pence rate.

            demand rate see short rate below.

            floating rate see floating exchange rate.
            forward rate the rate or price of foreign cur-
            rency which is bought or sold for delivery at
            some future time. The rate is expressed as a
            premium or discount above or below the spot
            rate (that for telegraphic transfers); for exam-
            ple, if today the Paris/London telegraphic
            transfer rate is 9.32 sellers, 9.37 buyers; and if
            delivery three months ahead is quoted at 15
            centimes discount, the three-month forward
            rates will be 9.47 selling, and 9.52 buying. See
            forward exchange.

            free rate see floating exchange rate.
            fundamental equilibrium exchange rate a rate of
            exchange that takes account of differences in
            the rate of inflation and in other variable eco-
            nomic factors such as commodity (esp. oil)
            prices. Abbr. F.E.E.R.

            long rate the rate for bills of exchange payable
            at 30, 60 or 90 days. Cf. short rate.

            multiple rate a rate that varies according to the
            purpose to which the foreign currency is put,
            such as specially favourable rates to importers
            of certain kinds of goods, or to tourists to
            encourage tourism.

            official rate the standard rate of exchange that
            the government has fixed for a particular for-
            elgn currency.

            parallel rate in markets where there are two
            rates of exchange, the unofficial rate.

            par rate see mint par of exchange; par (3).
            pence rate a rate that is quoted by stating the
            number of pence (sterling) that are needed to
            buy one, or a stated number, of foreign units:
            $1 = Slp.

            short rate the rate for cheques, and bills of
            exchange payable on demand or at sight or
            with eight or fewer days until maturity. Syn.
            eevee rate; cheque rate; sight rate; cable
            sight rate see short rate above.

            on | oe the rate for telegraphic transfers

            telegraphic transfer rate
            aren see spot rate above.
            tel quel rate a rate used b
            | y a bank when buy;
            - Sees bill of exchange iaarine
            semen run before reaching maturity
            a § due for payment). The rate is based

            (spot) rate, adjusted with reference
            ts a mr time to wait to get payment
            and the cost of various collection charges. Pron,
            tel kel. Also tale quale. Pron. tahli kwali. Abby
            iil saneianek clon trngpeainirs

            to measure with reasonable exactness the value
            of a currency at a given date by comparing it
            with a group of other, esp. main, Currencies
            each of which is given more or less weight
            according to its relative importance in the
            foreign trade of the country wie een
            being valued. Such rates vary according to (1)
            the choice of weights and (2) the choice of
            currencies taken for comparison by the makers

            a a rate that is different

            joe the official sop by the government

            oreign deals.
            eae a  Mackuiiae see European

            Monetary System. Abbr. E.R.M. :
            exchange, telephone see telephone exchange.
            Exchequer, The FIN. in Britain, the department

            of the Treasury in charge of the country’s

            revenues. These are all paid into the Exchequer

            Account at the Bank of England and form the

            Consolidated Fund. From this account 1s paid

            all government expenditure authorized by Par-

            liament. Each week the Treasury makes public

            a statement, called the Exchequer Return, giv-

            ing details of revenue and expenditure. Abbr.

            Exch.

            Chancellor of the Exchequer see separate entry.
            Exchequer bill see bill of Exchequer. |
            Exchequer stock FIN. & STK. EXCH. in Britain,

            a long-term gilt (i.e. government) security bear-

            ing a fixed rate of interest (paid half-yearly)

            and a fixed redemption date, thus: 11 per cent

            Exchequer stock 1995. Cf. Treasury stock.
            excise TAXN. (1) in Britain, the group of govern-

            ment officials, called excisemen, responsible for

            collecting excise duty and certain other taxes.

            See Customs and Excise, Board of. (2) a duty

            or tax, often called excise duty, charged on

            certain goods and services produced and sold
            within the country, such as tobacco, beer,

            wines and spirits. See duty (3).
            excise permit see under permit.
            ©xcise tax see excise (2).
            excited STK. EXCH. of the state of the market,

            very active, with strong demand for stocks

            and a es, supplies lacking and prices rising
            rapidly.
            excl. excluding; exclusive (of).
            ex claim see ex rights under ex (2).
            excluding not including; not counting: A party
            of 20, excluding the guide. Abbr. ex.: excl.
            exclusive economic zone IND. a sea area off

            its coast in which each country has the right,

            which it alone possesses, of control over fishing
            and mineral activity.


            TS
            ey

            edit Ce gg mm
            a RENTS PERE
            see ie -

                evince -p 224 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            exclusive sales agreement CoM. an arrange-
            ment between a manufacturer or supplier and
            4 local trader. In return for the manufacturer
            agreeing not to supply any other trader in that
            area, the trader promises to buy all his supplies
            of that kind of product from that manufacturer
            and from no other. The nature of the agreement
            will vary according to whether the trader is
            appointed an exclusive (or sole) agent or exclus-
            ‘ve distributor or exclusive stockist.
            ex CoUpON see under ex (2).
            excursion TOUR. a short pleasure trip to a place
            of interest and back, usu. at reduced cost,
            called an excursion fare. See also excursion
            ticket under ticket.
            excursionist 7. a person travelling on an excur-
            sion.
            exd. examined.
            ex-directory (of a telephone number) not listed
            in the telephone directory, because the sub-
            scriber (hirer of the line) wishes his number to
            be kept secret from the public.
            ex dist. ex distribution.
            ex distribution see under ex (2). Abbr. ex dist.;
            x.d.
            ex div. ex dividend.
            ex dividend see under ex (2). Abbr. E.D.; ex
            div.
            ex dock see under ex (1).
            ex drawing see under ex (2).
            exec. executive; executor.
            execute (1) to carry out; to put into effect: To
            execute a plan/order/contract. (2) LAW to give
            effect to a law, judgment, court order, etc. (3)
            LAW formally to sign, seal and deliver a deed
            in the presence of witnesses (see deed). (4) LAW
            to carry out the directions contained in a will
            (see executor). N. execution. Abbr. ex. (execut-
            ed).
            executed consideration see under consider-
            ation.
            executed contract see under contract, n.
            execution, writ of see writ.
            executive (1) a person or body of persons given
            responsibility and power to put into effect cer-
            tain laws, or of carrying out the decisions and
            orders made by some higher authority. (2) in
            U.S.A. esp., the branch of the government led
            by the President that carries out the laws and
            decisions of Congress and that administers and
            manages the affairs of the nation. (3) MAN. in
            a business organization, a person given
            _ responsibility for making important decisions,
            and power to manage a part or the whole of
            the affairs of the organization. Abbr. exec.
            executive director see under director.
            account executive see separate entry.
            Chief Executive Officer the highest administrat-

            ive officer of a business or other organization.
            Abbr. C.E.O.

            exn. - 213

            senior executive a responsible officer of high
            rank in a business organization.

            executor LAW a person named as executor in a
            will and trusted by the testator who made
            the will to be his personal representative in
            Carrying out its provisions. The executor’s main
            duties are: to bury or otherwise dispose of the
            body; to prove (obtain probate of) the will; to
            collect and, if necessary sell, all property; to
            settle the debts, in the proper order; to pay any
            taxes and legacies, and to give what is left to
            the person or persons who have a legal right
            to it. Solicitors are usu. employed to do this
            work under the general direction of the execu-
            tor. Abbr. exec.; exor(s).

            executory consideration see under consider-
            ation.

            executory contract see under contract, n.

            executory trust see under trust.

            executrix LAW a female executor. Abbr. exrx.

            exemplary damages see under damages.

            exempli gratia (Latin) for example. Abbr. e.g.

            exemption, tax see tax exemption.

            exercise to use; to employ (a thing or activity):
            He exercised his powers as chairman and closed
            the meeting. I intend to exercise my option to buy
            the business. To exercise a profession, to carry
            on.

            exercise price STK. EXCH. the price at which an
            option is bought. Syn. striking price.

            exes. expenses.

            ex factory see ex works under ex (1). Abbr. X
            factory.

            ex gratia (Latin, as (an act) of grace (kindness))
            as a favour. An allowance made ex gratia; An
            ex gratia payment, a payment made out of
            kindness or thankfulness, not because the
            payer was bound by law to pay, or because the
            recipient had any legal right to the payment.

            exhaust to use up, consume completely: Our
            stocks are exhausted, all sold. That coal-mine is
            exhausted, can no longer be profitably worked.
            He exhausted his energies/himself, became weak
            from overwork.

            exhibit (1) ADVTG. to place on view or on show:
            We are exhibiting our products at the trade fair.
            Syn. display; show. (2) LAW an object such as
            a document exhibited in court because it is
            referred to by a witness.

            exhibition ADVTG. a placing of goods on show
            to the public, esp. for advertising purposes.
            exhibitor n. one who exhibits.

            Ex.-Ilm. Export-Import (Bank).

            Eximbank see Export-Import Bank.

            ex int. ex interest.

            ex interest see under ex (2). Abbr. ex int.; x.in.

            existing-use value see under value.

            ex mill(s) see ex works under ex (1). Abbr. X.
            mill(s); X mil.

            ex n. ex new.



                evince -p 225 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &


            214 - ex new

            ex new see ex rights under ex (2). Abbr. ex N.;
            xX. new.

            ex officio (Latin) by re
            is a member ex officio. An ex
            person who is chairman because

            other, usu. higher, office.
            sutor(S).
            eon fea all reasonable limits:
            Exorbitant terms. An exorbitant price. Syn.
            excessive; inordinate.
            expand ECON. to cause to become larger: He
            greatly expanded the business. We need to expand
            production to meet demand. An expanding indus-
            try, one that is increasing in size and output.
            Opp. declining industry. |
            expansion (1) ECON. a growing larger, wider;
            growth: The expansion of (foreign) trade. The
            expansion of the economy, the growth of total
            output and the increase of the national income.
            (See trade cycle under cycle.) Expansion of the
            firm, growth, by reinvesting profits, or by
            increasing the capital or by combining with one
            or more other firms. Expansion of the currency,
            official action in putting more bank-notes into
            circulation. (2) AGR. increasing crop pro-
            duction by improving the output of existing
            cultivated land (vertical expansion), and by
            bringing new land into use (horizontal expan-
            sion).
            ex parte LAw (Latin, from one side) of an appli-
            cation to a court of law, (1) made on the part
            of one party in an action without giving notice
            to the other party; (2) made by a person who
            is not a party to an action but who has an
            interest in the result.
            expatriate esp. a business employee, who has
            chosen to work and live in a country away
            from the country of which he is a national,
            such as an Iraqi national working and living
            in Britain.
            expectancy MAN. in theories of motivation in
            the workplace, expectancy describes the level
            of effort an employee believes will be necessary
            to achieve the aims of his job. Managing the
            expectations of employees is seen as a key
            factor in motivating them. See also instrumen-
            tality; valence.
            expectation of life INsCE. the average number
            of years that a group of persons of the same
            age and sex will continue to live. This infor-
            mation is of great importance to life assurance
            companies in fixing premium rates. In most
            countries women tend to have an expectation
            of life three to four years longer than men, but
            in a few countries, esp. India and Pakistan,
            men tend to live rather longer than women.
            Cf. life expectancy.
            oe e reset what most business-
            ; » Industrialists and government

            officials believe is going to happen in the econ-

            omy in the future: it js sometimes called the

            ason of one’s office: He
            -officio chairman, 4
            he holds some


            state of public confidence. Keynes taught that
            expectations greatly influence the level of
            investment. (2) LAW chances of inheriting, at
            some future date, money or property at presen;
            enjoyed by another person during his lifetime.
            expected TRANSPT. considered likely to happen.
            Expected time of arrival/departure. Due to
            arrive: The ship is expected at Port Said today.
            expected to rank LAW of a bankruptcy, the tota|
            value of those debts that are expected to qualify
            for payment out of the assets. Gs
            expel to prevent a person from continuing his
            membership of an organization: He was
            expelled from school/a_ society/trade union;
            political party/meeting. N. expulsion.
            expendable of stores, stationery, small tools,
            etc., considered to be consumed in use or not
            returnable for re-use, and therefore not to be
            kept account of after having been issued. Syn.
            not durable ; throw-away (colloq.). Opp. account-
            able; returnable; re-useable, a/so reusable.
            expenditure FIN. the spending of something
            having value, such as time or money; an
            amount of money spent. Opp. income. Syn.
            outlay.
            capital expenditure money spent on fixed assets
            or on improvements to fixed assets.
            productive expenditure money spent by the
            State for public services and on roads, build-
            ings, etc.
            public expenditure money spent by the govern-
            ment on the needs of the country, public ser-
            vices, interest on the national debt and the
            building of roads, schools, hospitals and hous-
            es.
            revenue expenditure money spent on running a
            business, without adding to the value of fixed
            assets.
            expenditure tax TAXN. a tax charged on the
            total amount of money spent by a person on
            consumer goods and services during a given
            year. Such a tax has been introduced with
            limited success in India and Sri Lanka. Syn.
            consumption tax. |
            expense FIN. money spent; the cost of things
            bought. Your mistake has put me to much
            expense, has caused me to spend much money.
            You will bear the expense, you will pay. I had
            fo go to the expense of a taxi. See expenses.
            expense account AcctTs. (1) an account in
            which are recorded the expenses of running a
            business. (2) an account of the amounts spent
            by a businessman in the interest of his business,
            such as on travelling and entertainment. Such
            amounts are repaid to him by the business and
            are usu. allowed as a business expense by the
            tax authorities.
            expense ratio (1) com. the relation between the
            total expenses of running a business and its
            turnover (total sales), usu. expressed as a per-
            centage. (2) INSCE. the relation between an



                evince -p 226 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            ‘nsurance company's expenses and its premium
            | e,

            ae pl. ACCTS. & MAN. (1) sums of —
            spent on the running of a business 7 mG a
            way that they do not add to the value of its
            assets. Thus money spent on rent, rates (local
            taxes), electricity, imsurance, advertising,
            wages, salaries, etc. are expenses; while money
            spent on buildings, machinery, raw materials
            are classed as capital expenditure, not
            expenses, as they relate to the assets of the
            business. Cf. expenditure. Abbr. exes.; exs. (2)
            also sometimes called /osses.
            direct expenses see separate entry.
            entertainment expenses money spent on giving
            food, drink and amusement to customers, sup-
            pliers, etc. in the interests of the business. See
            entertainment; expense account (2).
            factory expemses see separate entry.
            fixed expenses those that remain the same, or |
            nearly the same, year after year, whatever the
            sales or output of the business, such as rent,
            rates (local taxes), lighting, heating.
            formation expenses see separate entry.
            general expenses see overhead expenses below.
            handling expenses (a) the extra expenses of
            buying and selling goods, other than the cost of
            the goods themselves, such as freight, cartage,
            loading and unloading, cranage, inspection,
            surveys, insurance. (b) money spent byanagent |
            for his principal while the goods are passing
            through the agent’s hands, such as receiving,
            carting, storing and selling the goods.
            incidental expenses sums that have to be spent
            from time to time but not regularly.
            operating expenses see separate entry; see also
            overhead expenses below.
            out-of-pocket expenses money paid outincash, |
            usu. in small amounts. Syn. disbursements. :
            overhead expenses the cost of running a busi-
            ness; all sums of money spent other than the
            cost of the goods produced or sold and money
            spent on increasing the value of assets. Syn.
            general expenses; operating expenses; working
            expenses; overheads.
            preliminary expenses see formation expenses.
            promotion expenses see formation expenses.
            removal expenses sums spent in moving a home,
            office or business from one address to another.
            selling expenses any expenses relating only to
            the selling of a product, such as advertising,
            catalogues, wages and expenses of sales rep-
            resentatives, free samples, exhibitions.
            travelling expenses sums spent in travel in the
            interest of the business. They include fares
            paid for road, rail, air and steamer journeys,
            baggage and porterage, hotel charges, the cost
            of meals and refreshment, telephones, tele-
            grams, postage, necessary personal expenses of
            the traveller, such as tips, the cleaning of
            Clothes, and the entertainment of customers.

            exploit - 215

            variable expenses those that change with the
            total sales or output of the business, but not
            necessarily at the same rate, such as telephone,
            postage, delivery charges.
            working expenses see overhead expenses above.
            expensive (1) dear; costing much money; need-
            ing great expense: Long-lasting machinery is
            expensive. (2) high priced; priced higher than
            the proper value: That fur coat is too expensive.
            He works in an expensive office. (3) charging
            very high prices: Expensive shops in Bond Street.
            experience INSCE. (1) as a check on the profita-
            bility of a certain class of insurance, the differ-
            ence between the total premiums received and
            the total claims paid during a given period. (2)
            the past history of the claims made by an
            insured party; this may result in a reduction in
            premium if the insured has a good record, or
            an increase if his record is bad.
            experience Curve MAN. the idea that any pro-
            cess will be performed more efficiently the
            more it is repeated. Applied to management,
            and esp. production, this suggests that the
            higher the production level, the lower the pro-
            duction cost, and it therefore follows that the
            market leader will have an in-built cost advan-
            tage over its competitors. This has led to much
            modern thinking on corporate strategy focus-
            ing on market share. See growth/share matrix.
            expert n. a person with very special knowledge
            or great skill, usu. as the result of long experi-
            ence: We must call in a financial/legal/tax expert
            to advise us. He is acknowledged to be a great
            marketing expert. A body/panel/committee of
            experts.
            adj. To obtain expert opinion/advice. To make an
            expert examination.
            expertise see know-how.
            expertness see know-how.
            expert system ComP. a highly developed com-
            puter which can copy the human thought pro-
            cess. An expert system is programmed with
            expert human knowledge in a given area,
            organized into a structure based upon the logi-
            cal relationship between those pieces of know-
            ledge. When confronted with a problem, the
            computer program can reach conclusions
            through logical inference from its knowledge
            bank. See artificial intelligence: fifth gener-
            ation computer under computer.
            expiration see expiry.
            expiry (1) ending; coming to an end: Date of
            expiry, of an option/a permit/licence/tenancy/
            travel ticket, etc., the date on which it becomes
            no longer effective. Expiry of a term of office.
            Syn. expiration. (2) INSCE. the ending of the
            cover given by a policy. (3) INSscE. the ending
            of a risk, e.g. when an insured article is broken
            up or sold.
            exploit (1) COM. & IND. to obtain the greatest
            possible commercial advantage from some



                evince -p 227 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &


            216 - export

            source of wealth: To exploit an oilfield/a dis-
            covery of gold/an invention. (2) sometimes a
            word of moral disapproval, esp. when |
            ated with monopoly and unjust disadvantage
            to the public: He exploited his neighbours by
            charging for water during the drought. Exploiting
            workers by paying low wages. N. exploitation.

            export v. to send out of the country as an act of
            trade: We export merchandise of all kinds to
            many countries. The British export machinery in
            return for foodstuffs. Opp. import. |
            adj. The export trade is essential to the nation.
            n. a thing or class of things sent and sold to
            another country: Goods for export. See exports,
            pl.; direct exporting; indirect exporting.

            export agent COM. a commission agent who
            represents a home manufacturer in a stated
            foreign market, often being appointed that
            manufacturer’s sole agent in that market.

            exportation (1) com. the act of exporting;
            export. (2) (U.S.A.) a thing exported.

            export bounty see under bounty.

            export commission house see commission
            agent.

            export credit FIN. a bridging loan for an
            exporter to cover the period between sending
            the goods abroad and receiving payment.
            Export credit is often provided by a govern-
            ment agency. See Export Credits Guarantee
            Department.

            Export Credits Guarantee Department
            (E.C.G.D.) INSCE. & CoM. in Britain, a govern-
            ment department responsible for encouraging
            exports by providing British concerns with
            export credit insurance. It charges premiums
            in the normal way for insurance against certain
            stated risks, esp. of non-payment by overseas
            buyers. E.C.G.D. does not lend money or in
            any way finance business. Cf. Export-Import
            Bank (U.S.A.).

            export documents see shipping documents.

            export duty see under duty.

            exporter Com. (1) one who exports, esp. a mer-
            chant or agent with special knowledge of, and
            influence in, two markets, the one where the
            goods are produced, the other where they are
            sold; and who is also able to attend to all
            the customs and transport formalities that are
            special to export trade. (2) an exporting coun-
            try: India is a big exporter of tea. Egypt is a
            leading exporter of cotton.

            Export-Import Bank (Eximbank) BKG. ¢
            COM. in U.S.A., a government organization
            for “ncouraging exports by helping to finance
            payments and insuring U.S. exporters against
            risk of non-payment. It guarantees loans made
            ee banks to USS. exporters, work-

            sely with the Foreign Credit Insurance

            Association. Cf Export Credj
            : its Gua
            Department (Britain), Abbr. Ex.-Im. a

            exporting see direct exporting; indirect export-
            anait invoice see under invoice. 3
            export licence Com. a document obtained from
            the government giving permission to export
            certain goods. In Britain export licences are
            needed for very few goods, such as certain
            works of art and antiques (things of historica}
            interest), and certain arms and military stores
            n. export permit.
            ae List, The see Import and Export List.
            export manager see under manager. =
            export merchant CoM. a person or organization
            whose business is to buy goods made in his
            home country, ship them abroad to another
            country and sell them there, paying all expenses
            and keeping all the profit. Syn. export agent;
            merchant shipper. ,
            export permit see export licence. _ |
            export restitution FIN. the subsidies paid to
            exporters of food products from the E.E.C.
            countries to make it possible for the exporters
            to compete in world markets.
            exports p/. COM. goods and services sold to other
            countries.
            invisible exports exports in the form of services
            performed for, aud paid for by, persons abroad,
            esp. services such as transport, banking,
            insurance, advertising and investment income.
            Cf. visible exports.
            prohibited exports exports of goods that are
            forbidden by law.
            visible exports exports in the form of goods
            having a material form or substance, as dis-
            tinguished from services performed for, and
            paid for by, persons and organizations in other
            countries. Cf. invisible exports. See also re-
            exports.
            export sales see under sales.
            export tax relief see under tax relief.
            export trade see under trade.
            expose CoM. to show, to put on view, esp. for
            the purpose of selling: Goods exposed for sale.
            N. exposure. |
            exposition COM. & ADVTG. an exhibition, esp.
            one held by a government to show the products
            of art, industry and commerce of the nation.
            express v. (1) to show or to tell in words: He
            expressed his thanks in a letter. We must express
            our views at the meeting. (2) to send off by the
            fastest possible means: We are expressing the
            goods to you today.
            adj. (1) LAW clearly stated in words, esp. in a
            document: An express condition, one fully
            stated, not Just implied. Express warranty, one
            Stated fully in an insurance policy. Opp.
            implied. (2) TRANSPT. fast: An express train/
            messenger/parcel/cleaning service. Express
            fr eight. Express letter, one sent by special
            delivery.

            expressage (U.S.A.) (1) the business of moving



                evince -p 228 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            ee ee ty —

            cels and letters quickly, by

            soods, money, par
            . (2) the charge for these

            express services.

            services.
            expressed trust see under trust. 7
            express term IND. REL. & MAN. a term which

            has been specifically agreed by both sides in
            4 contract of employment. Cf. custom and
            practice; implied term. |

            expressway (U.S.A.) a road specially made for
            high-speed traffic. In Britain, a motorway. Syn.
            freeway; superhighway. |

            expropriation LAW any action by a government
            that takes away a person’s right to property.
            Such action is usu. taken in the public interest,
            and compensation is usu. paid. Syn. disposses-
            sion.

            expulsion the act of expelling, driving out,
            removing or sending away. The chairman of
            a meeting has power to order the expulsion
            (removal) of a disorderly person, by force if
            necessary. See expel.

            expunge to wipe or rub out words, names,
            etc. in a document: Agreed that the matter be
            expunged from the minutes/record. Expunge his
            name from the list.

            ex quay see ex dock under ex (1).

            ex repayment see under ex (2).

            ex rights see under ex (2). Abbr. x.r.

            exrx. executrix.

            @xs. expenses.

            ex scrip see under ex (2).

            ex-serviceman see under serviceman.

            ex ship see under ex (1). Abbr. X ship; X shp.;
            X sh.

            ex ss. ex ship.

            ex steamer see ex ship under ex (1). Abbr. ex
            $s.. X SS.

            ex stk. ex stock.

            ex stock see under ex (1). Abbr. ex stk.; X stk.

            ex store see under ex (1). Abbr. ex stre.; X store;
            X stre.

            ext. extension.

            extend (1) to make longer, wider: They are
            extending their factory, making it bigger. We
            agree to extend your credit period from three to
            four months. To extend a bond, a bill of exchange.
            (2) to give; to offer: To extend an invitation/
            hospitality/a welcome. (3) to use to the fullest
            amount: Our factory staff are fully extended.
            Their capital resources are extended, entirely
            invested. (4) accTs. in book-keeping, to carry
            a figure, such as a balance, to the next column
            or to another column in the account. (5) in
            preparing an invoice, debit note or credit note,
            to calculate the total price of a quantity of
            the same article, e.g. 20 copies of Smith’s
            Commercial Dictionary at £5.00 per copy =
            £100.00, less 20% discount (— £20.00) = £80.00.

            ®xtended bond see under bond, n.

            extended credit COM. & FIN. credit given for a

            |
            |
            5

            extortion «- 217

            longer period than that earlier agreed, or than
            is usual.

            extension (1) a lengthening; an enlargement:
            An extension to our printing works. A factory
            extension. (2) a telephone line extending the
            outside or exchange line through a private
            branch exchange (switchboard) to an instru-
            ment in a room in an office building, hotel, etc.
            Abbr. ext.

            extension of demand ECON. of a commodity,
            the larger quantity that is demanded as the
            result of a reduction in price. This is not the
            same as an increase in demand, which 1s what
            happens when a larger quantity is demanded
            although there has been no change in price.

            extensive agriculture AGR. farming by culti-
            vating very large areas of land with the least
            possible expenditure of work and money on
            the land, so that the yield per acre or hectare
            is small. Opp. intensive agriculture.

            external ECON. (1) foreign: External trade, trade
            with foreign countries. (2) outside a particular
            firm, industry or group: External economies. (3)
            INSCE. coming from, caused by, some outside
            force: External means, some means coming
            from outside, e.g. a collision causing a car to
            catch fire, as compared with the car catching
            fire because of some internal fault. See personal
            accident policy under insurance policy.

            external account BKG. a sterling bank account
            held by a person resident outside the sterling
            area. The money in these accounts is called
            external (account) sterling.

            external bill see under bill of exchange.

            external convertibility see limited converti-
            bility under convertibility.

            external debt see under national debt.

            external deficit see balance of payments deficit
            under deficit.

            external economies see under economies of
            scale.

            externalize v. IND. & MAN. to buy in parts or
            materials made by producers outside one’s own
            business for use in manufacturing one’s own
            product. Syn. to contract out; to buy in. Opp.
            to internalize. N. externalization.

            external liabilities see under liabilities.

            external sterling see external account.

            external surplus see under surplus.

            external trade CoM. & ECON. the activity of a
            merchant who buys goods in one foreign coun-
            try and sells them in another, the goods being
            transported direct without ever entering the
            merchant's home country. His profit on the
            deal will, however, form part of his country’s
            invisible trade. Cf . entrepot trade. Syn. foreign
            trade; international trade.

            extinguish to put out, to wipe out: To extinguish
            a firela light/a debt.

            extortion Law (1) the offence of obtaining some-
            thing by force or threats from a person. (2) the



                evince -p 229 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            218 - extra

            offence done by a public official who wrongly
            uses his office to obtain money or other prop-
            erty from a person. Cf. blackmail.
            extra adj. CoM. (1) more than normal: Extra pay
            for night work. Extra quality, better than the
            usual. (2) in addition: Packing and freight (char-
            ged) extra. No extra charge for alterations (to
            clothes).
            n. (1) an additional thing, esp. an expense: A
            cover-charge is an extra.
            extras p/. extra charges, esp. on a bill.
            (2) an additional employee (U.S.A.): A film
            extra, a low-paid daily worker employed in
            crowd scenes in a film studio.
            extra Cost ECON. see marginal cost under cost.
            extract (1) to take out, obtain, using either force
            or persuasion: To extract money from a client.
            To extract metal from ore. N. An extract of
            coffee. (2) to copy out and present separately,
            esp. in a document: To extract a paragraph from
            the committee's report.
            an extract n. a part of a document/book/report
            copied and printed in another.
            extractive industry see under industry.
            extractor ECON. a primary producer who
            extracts wealth from natural surroundings by
            farming, mining, etc. and sells his products to
            manufacturers as raw material.
            extraordinary general meeting see under
            company meeting. Abbr. E.G.M.
            extraordinary items ACCTs. items in a profit
            and loss account which are of unusually large
            size, are outside the normal operations of the
            company, and are not likely to be repeated,
            e.g. profits from the sale of a subsidiary
            company, or costs of a major company re-
            organization. Because of their unusual nature,
            extraordinary items are excluded from the cal-
            culation of operating profit.
            extraordinary reserve see under reserves.
            extraordinary resolution see resolution.
            extra premium see under premium (6).
            extravagant (1) spending beyond proper limits;
            wasteful: An extravagant manager | cook.
            Extravagant tastes. (2) extremely high, esp. of
            prices or costs: Extravagant hotel extras/car-hire
            charges/entertainment expenses. (3) of demands,
            ideas, beyond reasonable limits: The shop stew-
            ards’ demands are not extravagant. He has
            extravagant ideas about furnishing his office. N.
            extravagance.
            extravert or extrovert MAN. a person whose
            interest and efforts are generally directed to
            objects outside himself. This aspect of person-
            ality has become increasingly important in
            judging managerial performance in different
            jobs. Opp. introvert.
            extrinsic value CoM. & ECON. value that comes
            from outside, that exists for an outside reason.
            A cheap watch may have great extrinsic value


            because it once belonged to a famous person
            Cf. intrinsic value.

            ex warehouse see under ex (1).

            ex wharf see ex dock under ex (1). Abbr. ex
            whf.; X whf.

            ex whf. ex whrf.

            ex works see under ex (1). Abbr. X wks.

            eyewash (collog.) deceit; misleading talk o,

            behaviour to persuade someone, ¢.g. that a bag
            thing is good.

            eyewitness LAW a witness who was present
            at some happening and can therefore give
            statement from his personal knowledge.

            i

            F. Fahrenheit; franc.; federation.

            f. franc; folio; foot; following (page).

            f.a. free alongside.

            F.A.A., f.a.a. free of all average.

            Fabian Society ECON. a group of moderate
            Socialists calling themselves Fabians, formed
            in London in 1883-4 with the aim of gradually
            introducing a democratic socialist state in Brit-
            ain. They argued against the more forceful
            ideas of the Marxists. Their main activity today
            is in educating the public by issuing books
            and pamphlets, holding public discussions, and
            generally spreading socialist ideas, particularly
            among the educated middle classes.

            fac. facsimile.

            f.a.c. (as) fast as can (be).

            F.A.C.C.A. Fellow of the Association of Cer-
            tified and Corporate Accountants.

            face-lift (1) CoM. improved appearance, esp. of
            buildings, shops, or packaging of products: The
            banks propose to give their high street branches a

            face-lift. (2) FIN. & ACCTS. improved financial
            Structure: The reorganization of Smith & Co.
            Ltd. gives their balance sheet a face-lift.

            face value FIN. the value on a bank-note or
            stamped on a coin. The nominal value of a
            stock or share, as distinguished from the mar-
            ket value. Of a bond, the amount the holder
            will be paid by the issuing body when the bond
            matures.

            facilitate to make easy; to make easily possible:
            Stock Exchanges facilitate the placing of small
            investments.

            facility (1) the ability to do something easily:
            He has a facility in commercial design/foreign
            languages/salesmanship. (2) a special arrange
            ment: A credit facility of up to £2000.
            facilities pl. arrangements that allow or make
            some activity easy: The town has good shopping!
            banking/ transport facilities. The company offers

            good facilities for training/sports/travel.

            facing matter aDvtc. the position for an adver-

            lisement in a publication where the advertise


            GET iT OO TEE peg se ERIN 38 ES


                evince -p 230 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            ment is opposite editorial sections, rather than
            being in a section full of advertisements. Cf.
            run of paper.

            facsimile an exact copy or reproduction of an
            original object, made by photography, some
            printing process or other means. Facsimile sig-
            nature, a printed copy of a signature made to
            look like the original handwritten one. Pron.
            faksimili. Abbr. fac.

            factor (1) anything that helps to produce, or
            causes or influences a result: Hard work is the
            main factor of his success. Skilled labour is the
            most important factor in the manufacture of
            machinery. See factors of production. (2) com.
            in Britain, a particular class of agent who is
            employed by his principal to sell the principal’s
            goods or services usu. in return for payment of
            a commission, called factorage, calculated on
            the amount of business done. Unlike the bro-
            ker, the factor takes possession of the goods
            and acts in his own name in making bargains
            to sell them. The principal is bound to honour
            such bargains. Cf. broker. See also factoring.
            Syn. mercantile agent; (in some trades) whole-
            saler; factoring agent. (3) FIN. in U.S.A., a
            person or organization that finances the pro-
            duction, esp. of textiles, by taking responsi-
            bility for all risk of non-payment by customers.
            See factoring. (4) AGR. in Scotland, the farm-
            bailiff of a large area of land, responsible for
            managing the work of farming and forestry.
            Syn. land-agent; steward; estate manager. (5)
            ECON. HIST. a European employed by the East
            India Company to run one of its factories or
            trading stations. See factory (2).

            factorage Com. the commission and other earn-
            ings of a factor for selling his principal’s goods.
            See factor (2).

            factor analysis MAN. & IND. in market research,
            a method of studying the results of qualitative
            research (e.g. into attitudes) and breaking them
            down into common factors and elements.

            factor comparison IND. a method of work
            Study and job evaluation which breaks down
            jobs into different elements or ‘factors’ and
            ranks the factors in degrees of importance,
            giving them numerical scores.

            factor confusion MAN. a phychologists’ term
            applied to recruitment interviews for the situ-
            ation in which interviewers think they are
            measuring one factor in a candidate’s capabili-
            ties when in fact they are measuring something
            else.

            factor cost ECON. THEORY (1) the price paid for
            the use of the factors of production: rent for
            land and natural supplies; wages and salaries
            for labour; interest for capital; and profits for
            enterprise. (2) the total costs of the factors of
            production used in producing an article and
            making up the price paid for it by the con-
            Sumer. If a subsidy has been paid to the manu-

            factory - 219

            facturer, that will be added; and if the
            consumer has paid a tax, such as V.A.T. or
            excise duty, that will be taken off. In other
            words, it is the part of the price paid by the
            consumer that represents the true cost of the
            factors of production. This factor cost, rather
            than the market price, is used as the basis
            for calculating the national income. See gross
            national product.

            factoring FIN. an arrangement between a sup-
            plier, esp. an exporter of textiles, and a special
            kind of finance house called a factor or factoring
            company, by which the supplier sells to the
            factor the right to collect amounts payable to
            the supplier by approved customers at some
            future date. Thus the supplier receives payment
            immediately he supplies the goods, the factor
            taking full responsibility for collecting the
            accounts and bearing all losses from bad debts.
            The factor’s charges consist of a fee based on
            the rate of discount for bills of exchange and
            an added small percentage for collecting the
            accounts. In Britain, factoring companies are
            owned by commercial banks, merchant banks
            and some export houses. Some factoring com-
            panies also lend money to suppliers for short
            periods. Syn. factorizing.

            factoring agent see factor (2).

            factorizing see factoring.

            factor price see under price.

            factorship com. the office or position held by a
            factor who acts as a commercial agent.

            factor’s lien see under lien.

            factors of production ECON. THEORY in eco-
            nomic theory, the basic things that are used by
            Man, esp. land, labour, capital and enterprise,
            to produce economic goods. Land includes all
            usable and scarce materials provided by
            Nature; /abour includes the human energy,
            mental skill and judgment applied in producing
            economic goods; capital includes stores of
            unconsumed wealth and stocks of assets in the
            form of tools, machinery and raw materials,
            and also money to finance work in progress of
            manufacture and for further investment; and
            enterprise Of organization consists of the organ-
            izing ability of the entrepreneurs and their
            willingness to bear financial risks. Each factor
            has its price, or factor cost, that for land being
            rent, that for labour being wages or salaries.
            that for capital being interest and that for
            enterprise being profit. Syn. agents of pro-
            duction.

            factory (1) IND. officially, any place or building
            in which one or more persons are employed as
            workers in any process for making, altering,
            repairing, ornamenting or preparing for sale
            by way of trade or gain any article; or where
            animals are killed for food, or electricity is
            made or distributed, etc. The various factory
            laws in Britain, the U.S.A. and other industrial



                evince -p 231 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &



            220 - factory expenses

            countries control the conditions of factory wor-
            kers, protect their health and safety, and pre-
            vent employment of women and children in
            certain kinds of work that would be harmful
            to them. (2) ECON. HIST. a trading station in
            wild or foreign country, ©.g. Canada, India,
            where factors, esp. those representing large
            trading companies, bought, sold or exchanged
            goods. See factor (5).

            factory expenses ACCTS. & IND. any expenses
            that relate to the factory which cannot be
            directly connected with the actual products
            being manufactured, such as rent, rates, heat-
            ing, lighting, power, cleaning, wages, and some
            management salaries. Syn. factory overheads.

            factory farming AGR. a way of farming in
            which animals and birds are kept in small
            cages inside large buildings and made to grow
            or produce milk, eggs, etc. very quickly. See
            battery (2).

            factory-hand IND. an ordinary worker in a
            factory.

            factory inspectors IND. in Britain, govern-
            ment officials who have the responsibility for
            visiting factories and for checking that the
            rules of the Factory Acts are being obeyed.

            Factory, Letter of Law in Scotland, a docu-
            ment similar to a Power of Attorney, giving
            one person power to act for another.

            factory system ECON. HIST. the system of eco-
            nomic development that followed the domestic
            system, by which people were employed to
            work together in factories under the direction
            of the owner. Large power-driven machines
            and suitable buildings for them and the work-
            ers operating them needed much capital and
            called for commercial and technical speciali-
            zation. The great change from the domestic to
            the factory system was called the Industrial
            Revolution.

            facultative reinsurance see reinsurance under
            insurance, classes and kinds of.

            Fahr. Fahrenheit.

            Fahrenheit a scale of temperature in which
            water freezes at 32° and boils at 212°. Cf.
            Celsius. Abbr. F.; Fahr.

            fail (1) to be unsuccessful: We must not fail to
            get the contract/to increase sales. Unless you work
            harder you will fail your examination. (2) COM.
            & LAW to be unable to pay one’s debts; to be
            insolvent or bankrupt or to go into liquidation:
            The business/bank/company has failed. (3) CoM.
            to neglect or omit to do some duty: They failed
            to pay the bill/to deliver the goods/to honour
            the contract. Failing prompt settlement of your
            account we shall stop supplies. He failed to write.
            (4) to be lacking at some essential point: One
            engine failed on take-off. Our crops have failed.

            failing MAN. a weakness of character: Drink is
            his failing, he takes too much strong drink.

            failure (1) lack of success: Our Jailure to get the

            order. He is a failure in business. (2) inability to
            pay debts; insolvency, bankruptcy or liqui-
            dation: A bank failure. (3) neglect of duty:
            Failure to deliver/to honour a bill/to acknowledge
            a letter. (4) non-performance, esp. at some
            essential point: Engine failure. Crop failure.

            fair adj. (1) just; honourable: A fair share of the
            market. Fair dealing. To see fair play. A fair
            deal/bargain/arrangement. Reasonable: To
            charge fair prices. (2) satisfactory , reasonably
            good: A fair sample, one of fair quality. A car
            in fair condition. We have done a fair amount of
            business with them. To make fair profits/ provision
            for depreciation. (3) of weather conditions,
            reasonably good: It remained fair throughout the
            voyage/the bank holiday. The fair weather has
            brought a glut of vegetables. (4) clean; faultless:
            He has a fair name for honesty, an honest repu-
            tation. See fair copy. |
            n. (1) a local market, held at regular times, and
            esp. for farm produce: A cattle/vegetable fair.
            A fair-ground, a place where fairs are held. (2)
            a large commercial and industrial exhibition
            where buyers and sellers of a particular group
            of commodities meet to do business, such
            as The Frankfurt Book Fair, The London
            Antiques Fair. Such gatherings are called trade
            fairs, trade shows or sample fairs. (3) a collection
            of amusements, sporting shows, etc. usu. held
            in connection with a trade fair or local market
            and called a fun fair.

            fair average quality COMMOD. EXCH. words
            used to describe the standard quality of wheat,
            esp. that from the Argentine, on the London
            Corn Exchange. Abbr. f.a.q.

            fair competition see healthy competition under
            competition.

            fair copy LAw of a document, a clean copy of
            a corrected draft, without mistakes or correc-
            tions, for study or careful consideration before
            the engrossment (final copy) is prepared. Abbr.
            f. co.

            fair price rules see front(end) loading (2).

            fair trade (1) COM. & ECON. a system of inter-
            national trade in which certain countries agree
            not to charge duties on imports of certain goods
            but are free to charge duties on imports for
            which no such agreement exists. Syn. recipro-
            city. (2) (collog.) smuggled (illegally imported)
            goods.

            fair-trade agreement see resale price mainte-
            nance.

            fair trading see Office of Fair Trading.

            fair wages clause IND. REL. in Britain, a clause
            included by law in all contracts made by central
            government departments and local authorities,
            by which the contractor must keep to the rates
            of pay and hours of work ruling in the trade
            and in the area where the work is done; he
            must allow his workers to organize themselves
            as trade unions; and must accept that any


                evince -p 232 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            unsettled dispute shall be referred to arbi-
            tration. See fair wages under wages.

            fairway SHIPG. a channel of deep water used by
            ships in a harbour or river, usu. marked by

            buoys.
            fair wear and tear see wear and tear. Abbr.

            w.t.

            Fae n. COM. trust, confidence: We have faith in
            our cashier/bankers/employees. A good salesman
            has faith in his product, believes it to be good.
            We made the bargain in good faith, with honest
            intentions. See bona fide. In bad faith, inten-
            ding to deceive; not sincere. See mala fide.
            adj. faithful: A faithful servant.

            faithfully loyally; truly; in good faith: Yours
            faithfully, the usual closing words of a formal
            business letter, esp. when the writer and the
            person to whom he is writing do not know each
            other. Cf. yours sincerely; yours truly. Abbr.
            ffy.

            fake (1) a thing that is made to appear real but
            is only an imitation; an imitation or copy
            intended to deceive: The story was a fake, was
            untrue. The diamond proved to be a fake. (2) a
            person who deceives others by making false
            claims. Syn. (collog.) fudge.

            falaj see qanat.

            fall v. to go lower, to drop: Prices are falling.
            fall away to fail to support: His customers fell
            away. To become smaller: Business has fallen
            away badly this year. Sales have fallen away to
            nothing.
            fall back of prices, to become lower again: Gilts
            fell back after news of poor trade figures.
            fall back on to go to a person or thing for help
            or support: Jf we run short of money we can fall
            back on the bank for an overdraft.
            fall behind to go too slowly; to be unable keep
            up with: We have fallen behind in our payments]
            work/orders.
            fall down (collog.) to fail: He fell down on the
            Job/on his mortgage payments.
            fall due to become payable: The rent falls due
            tomorrow.
            fall foul of (a) of ships, to come into collision:
            The tanker and the container-ship fell foul of each
            other. (b) to quarrel with: J fell foul of the
            manager when I demanded more pay.
            fall in with to agree with others in some joint
            activity: We fell in with their plans.
            fall off to become smaller: Production is falling
            off because of labour trouble. Bad weather caused
            holiday bookings to fall off.
            fall on evil days/hard times to suffer bad fortune.
            fall on one’s feet to be successful: He Jost his
            Job but soon fell on his feet selling old cars.
            fall through to fail; to come to no result: Nego-
            tiations for the merger have fallen through. Our
            plans nearly fell through.
            fall under the hammer to be sold by auction.

            n. (1) the act of falling: A fal! in prices/orders/

            family life cycle - 221

            demand/supply. (2) an amount by which some-
            thing falls: A fall of 25p during the day. (3) in
            U.S.A. and Canada, the autumn: In the fall of
            next year.

            fall-back price see reserve price (c) under price.

            fall guy (U.S.A. collog.) (1) a person who is
            easily deceived and made to suffer by dishonest
            persons. (2) one who is unjustly blamed for a
            wrong he did not do.

            fall money (U.S.A. collog.) a store of money
            used by one or more criminals to pay legal
            costs.

            fallow land aar. land on which no crop is
            being grown because the soil is being rested
            or is being specially treated with fertilizers or
            weed-killers. Such land is said to be lying
            fallow.

            false adj. (1) wrong; not correct; untrue: A false
            figure/value/step/alarm/calculation. (2) inten-
            ding to deceive; not loyal; misleading: A false
            declaration. False weights/jewels/witness/papers.
            A false bottom, in a box, to hide things in. A
            ship flying a false flag, to deceive other ships.
            (3) artificial: False teeth.

            false pretences LAw the offence of obtaining
            money or goods dishonestly by pretending that
            something is true when it is not, such as falsely
            pretending to be the payee of a cheque, or
            paying for goods with a worthless cheque. Syn.
            obtaining property by deception; fraud.

            false representation see fraud.

            falsification of accounts LAW & ACCTS. the
            offence of an employee who dishonestly makes
            a false entry in an account or destroys, or makes
            changes in, an account book or document, with
            the intention of obtaining money or goods by
            deceit.

            family (1) parents and their children: Our family
            consists of father, mother and three children. (2)
            children only: They have a family of ten children.
            (3) persons who are descended from the same
            line: Charles Darwin’s family includes many
            famous names.

            family allowance see child benefit.

            family business com. one owned and run by
            one or more members of the same family.

            family butcher/grocer com. a shopkeeper
            who aims to provide everything that a family
            needs, and who will sometimes deliver goods
            to the homes of his customers.

            family doctor one who practises general (not
            special) medicine and perh. some surgery and
            who treats his patients in their homes and
            at his surgery. Syn. general practitioner. Cf.
            specialist; consultant.

            family hotel com. & TouR. a hotel that offers
            special services and charges lower rates for
            families with children. Cf. commercial (hotel).

            family income policy see under insurance pol-

            Icy.
            family life cycle IND. a method of dividing a




                evince -p 233 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            Peed sone ier if

            222 - family planning

            ons, based upon

            d nature of
            umption t | a
            iat will vary according to the family

            ' ight

            situation. Stages in a life cycle on ee

            include: young married couples wil Meas

            isn married couples ae Sele
            Y 4 ‘empty nest,

            e ‘full nest ; and the ee

            a whose children have become finan

            cially independent. | | —r
            ing controlling the size of one
            ees ns to prevent chil-

            family by using medical means t :
            ash nem being produced. This practice has
            been the main cause of the fall in the birth-

            rate in most countries. Syn. birth control.

            family reunion fare see under fare (2).

            famine an extreme lack of food causing many
            people to die of hunger.

            fancy goods (1) Com. small articles of trade that
            attract buyers by their pleasing or interesting
            appearance. (2) cloth material of bright colours
            or gay patterns.

            F. & A.P. fire and allied perils.

            f.&d., F. & D. freight and demurrage.

            ‘Fannie Mae’ in U.S.A. the popular name for
            the Federal National Mortgage Association
            (F.N.M.A.).

            f.a.o. for (the) attention of.

            F.A.Q. Food and Agriculture Organization.

            F.A.P. franc d’avarie particuliére.

            f.a.q. fair average quality; free alongside quay.

            F.A.R. see F.C.A.R.

            fare (1) TouR. food served at table. See bill of
            fare. (2) TRANSPT. the price of carrying a person
            from one place to another by plane (air-fare),
            ship (steamer-fare or passage money), train
            (train-fare or rail-fare), bus (bus-fare), etc. The
            price of hiring a taxi, which may pay for several
            persons (taxi-fare).
            family reunion fare a specially low-cost return }
            fare charged by airlines for journeys on sche-
            duled (ordinary) services by passengers visiting
            members of their family (and sometimes
            friends) in far-away countries. Such fares usu.
            vary according to the season and are con-
            ditional upon the passenger staying away at
            least 45 days and not more than 180 days.
            high- or low-season fares the fares charged for !
            a journey at different times of the year, accor-
            ding to the demand for travel. The price is
            higher in those months when many passengers
            want to travel (the high season), and low in
            those months (the low season) when lower fares
            attract some people to travel who would not
            otherwise do so.

            single fare the price for making a single Journey

            only. Syn. (U.S.A.) one-way fare. Cf. retur,

            a passenger who has hired a taxi.

            untries of Asia eastwards fro
            ro arhte and Sigayer®, and esp. China i)
            alan aa AGR. (1) an area of agricultural lang
            owned or held and managed by a person, calleq
            a farmer, or group of persons, such as a farm Co-
            operative, who run it commercially for 2TOWing
            crops, raising animals, or making i prod.
            ucts: An arable/dairy/poul try far m. (2)t ne house
            where a farmer lives and carries on his work:
            We live at Strawberry Farm. (3) a place situated
            on water where fish are raised: A fish/oyster
            farm. See also co-operative farm. 7 :
            v. (1) to cultivate land, grow crops, raise ani-
            mals, fish, birds, etc. as a commercial activity.
            N. farming. (2) To farm out taxes, a method of
            collecting money by letting out areas of land
            for a fixed price to persons who then collect
            and keep the taxes from the people who live
            there. (3) To farm out work, to arrange for work
            to be done by a contractor instead of doing it
            in one’s own factory.
            farm-bailiff see under bailiff.
            farmer AGR. a person who carries on the activity
            of cultivating land and raising animals; a per-
            son who owns or runs a farm. Gentleman farmer,
            a person who farms land for pleasure rather
            than for profit. Tenant-farmer, see tenant-
            farmer.
            farm-hand aGr. an unskilled worker on a farm:
            a farm-labourer.
            farming AGR. see farm, v.: dry farming ; maricul-
            ture; subsistence farming.
            farm-labourer see farm-hand.
            farmstead GR. a small farm and its buildings.
            farthing FIN. a small coin worth a quarter of an
            old penny, formerly in use in Britain. It was
            demonetized in 1961. The word is stil] used for
            any very small sum of money: This article is
            not worth a farthing.
            ".A.S., f.a.s. free alongside ship/steamer.
            "ascism the political and economic systems set
            up by the fascist movements in Italy, Germany
            and Japan between the two great wars, and
            later in Ar gentina. Fascism based its strength
            on extreme nationalism, the power and great-
            ness of the nation, and on the absolute auth-
            ority of the leader. Highly centralized state
            orporations controlled each main industry,

            ere privately owned.
            orbidden by law. The
            wer led to very great
            er than consumer goods
            ard of the people was of

            desire for military po
            Production of arms rath
            because the living stand

            little importance. Fascism allowed the people
            l Oice in everyday govern-

            ittle freedom and nov



                evince -p 234 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &


            a a

            Federal Home loan Mortgage

            elievable cruelty and mass

            f Jews and others.

            ing or doing something :

            -hion 1) a way of making | :

            * wee sie it in this fashion. (2) a way ¢.g.
            edeosaitsl that is popular, that it is the custom
            ‘ imitate at a particular time. ashions change.
            () i: 5

            smart people keep up with the fashions. Today's

            fashions. Paris le

            ent; it brought unb

            m . *
            murder to millions 0

            ads the way in ladies’ fashions.

            ‘Waistcoats are the fashion/in fashion/out of

            fashion. Syn. VOgUE. | |
            fashionable adj. in line with fashion, of a place,
            used or visited by the rich or the upper classes.
            old-fashioned in a way that is now not in
            rashion; having an appearance that was for-
            merly fashionable.

            fashion goods CoM. those that supply the pub-
            lic demand esp. for clothes, that must continu-
            ally change in appearance to keep up with
            changing fashions.

            fashion shares STK. EXCH. shares which are for
            some reason much in demand by investors for
            a short time and are then forgotten.

            fast aaj. (1) that moves or travels quickly: A fast
            boat/train. The fast line, on the railway, the
            track used by fast trains. Opp. slow. (2) tightly
            held; fixed: The ship was (held) fast on the rocks.
            Make fast the boat, tie it tightly to something.
            Opp. loose. (3) permanent: Fast colours/dyes,
            that will not fade. A fast friend.

            fast foods (U.S.A.) see convenience goods.

            fast-moving consumer goods IND. the mass
            markets for supermarket goods which, because
            of their size and competitiveness, traditionally
            demand the highest level of marketing skill.
            Abbr. F.M.C.G.

            fat (collog.) money.

            father of the chapel see chapel.

            fathom (1) SHIPG. a unit of measurement of
            depth of water and the length of rope, also
            sometimes of distance. 1 fathom (fm.) = 6 ft.
            or 1.8288 m. 100 fathoms = 1 cable. Abbr.
            fm.; fth.; fthm. (2) a unit of measurement of
            timber (wood for building) 1 fathom being the
            volume of a pile 6 ft. x 6ft. x 6 ft. = 216 cu.
            ft. = 6.1165 cu. m.

            favour an old-fashioned and excessively polite
            word for a letter, esp. a business letter: Your
            favour of yesterday, a way of saying that the
            writer has done you a favour by writing to you.
            by favour of ... (name) words written for
            politeness on the cover of a letter which is

            mo delivered personally by the named per-

            tone ee +++ (a) on the side of: The judge

            advantage offi Siete ca ee

            in Salih in the interest of: He made a will

            is brother. The exchange was in our

            Javour. (c) BKG
            ti <G. payable to: To d
            ete. in favour of John Smith raw a cheque,

            C@ see active balance.
            rm of the word facsimile, being

            4vourable balan

            f


            Corporation (F.H.L.M.C.) - 223

            an electronic machine that sends words, diag-
            rams and pictures very fast over telephone
            lines. P/. faxes.

            ». to fax (something, e.g. a chart).

            .B.T. fringe benefit tax. See under tax.

            C.A. Fellow of the Institute of Chartered
            Accountants. |
            cap., f/cap. foolscap.

            C.A.R. free of claim for accident reported.
            Also F.A.R.

            C.C.A. Fellow of the Association of Certified
            and Corporate Accountants.

            . chgs. forwarding charges.

            C.I.A. Foreign Credit Insurance Association.
            C.1.I. Fellow of the Chartered Insurance Insti-

            tute.
            50. franco.
            co. fair copy.
            cp. foolscap.
            os., Fos. francs.
            .D., f/d. free delivery; free delivered at docks.
            -D.1.C. Federal Deposit Insurance Corpor-
            ation.
            .D.O. for declaration (purposes) only.
            pasibility study a careful analysis of the scien-
            tific and mechanical details of a proposed new
            process or product, followed by an examination
            of the expected income, probable capital
            expense and running costs, to see whether the
            plan is likely to be commercially successful.
            pather-bedding (1) IND. the action of a
            government in protecting a home industry by
            charging duties or placing quotas on imports
            (see protection) or by giving subsidies. (2)
            IND.REL. action by a trade union to force
            employers to employ as many workers as pos-
            sible, esp. by opposing the introduction of
            labour-saving machines or demanding that
            new machines be overmanned. A feather-bed
            rule, a trade-union rule ordering its members
            to work slowly when there is a shortage of
            work, in order to avoid dismissals.
            eature something that particularly strikes the
            attention, that is specially remarkable or
            Important: A feature advertisement/article/book
            review/display/film/act (part of a show). Excited
            in
            a : g of industrials was the feature of the ey
            a - ture of the final accounts is the large bank
            ed. (U.S.A. collog.
            | of the U.S.A. 2) jae aimee
            ederal Deposit Insurance C Sue
            (F.D.1.C.) see deposit ; ae
            ‘einer €posit insurance.
            oe ee Loan Bank Board BKG. in
            » 4 government organization that con-
            te the oe and assets of the eke
            ings and Loan Associations and |.
            finances them in givi oe a
            ou ding an sashanae ~s to the public for
            ‘ederal Hom “
            sore noe ae ee Corpor- |
            : . popularly called i



                evince -p 235 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            224 - Federal National Mortgage
            ‘Freddie Mac’, a privately-managed agen’):
            backed by the U.S. government, set up In 1370
            by Congress to buy and sell home mortgages,
            usu. taking over from Savings and Loan
            Associations most of the mortgages made to
            home-owners. These mortgages are then sold
            to investors and the money so obtained is used

            to make more loans to home-owners. .

            Federal National Mortgage Association
            (F.N.M.A.) popularly called ‘Fannie Mae’, a
            U.S. government-backed, privately-managed,
            tax-paying corporation owned by its share-
            holders. It was set up in 1938 to provide extra
            financial support and steadiness to the market
            for mortgages, esp. on private houses. It deals
            in the secondary mortgage market, buying
            loans in the primary market mainly from mort-
            gage companies, savings and loan associations,
            and banks. Cf. ‘Ginnie Mae’.

            Federal Reserve Board see Federal Reserve
            System. Abbr. F.R.B.

            Federal Reserve System BKG.& FIN. in
            U.S.A., a group of 12 local Federal Reserve
            Banks that together form the central banking
            authority of the nation under the centralized
            control of the powerful Federal Reserve Board
            in Washington, now very like a government
            department. All national banks and most state
            and other banks deposit certain reserves with
            their local Federal Reserve Bank which, in
            turn, acts as a banker’s bank, issuing bank-
            notes and coins, making loans, discounting
            bills, advising on government policy, etc. Abbr.
            Fed.; F.R. System.

            Federal Savings and Loan Insurance Cor-
            poration (F.S.L.1.C.) BKG. & INSCR. in
            U.S.A.,a government organization that insures
            = a Savings and Loan Associations

            st loss. It is c
            foe eo ontrolled by the Federal
            federal tax see under tax.

            bas, a“ Cee (F.T.C.) apvtc.
            s mei a central government agency

            ponsible tor stopping unfair competition

            and esp. for protecting the public from false

            and deceitful claims in advertis; aig

            federal uni cee

            erat union a form of political organization
            adopted by many nations, in which a

            of states have agreed to form a uni chil

            ra ited whole

            ns ehh keeping its full independence

            al ( ome) matters such as public health


            example of a |
            cea a union of states. Syn. |
            federation (1) a central
            4 Number of Societies
            members have a broad
            British F ederation of M

            Organization formed by 4
            Or associations Whose {
            common interest: The

            aster Printers Abbr, F


            Association (F.N.M.A.)

            or Fed. See affiliated societies. (2) of states, see
            names aoe in U.S.A., the publicly-owned
            computerized payments network that provides
            the same service to units of the Federal Reserve
            System as that given by CHIPS (the Clearing
            House Inter-Bank System) to the privately.
            prev aesek a payment for a piece of
            professional advice or for some J ede aa
            vice(s): An architect's / dentist s/ doctor s/ aoe
            itor’s/barrister’s/accountant § fees. Syn. hono-
            rarium. (2) a charge made for ee yet
            mission to use or do something: Permission /
            reproduction/ copyright fee. Entry / entrance |
            admission | parking / cancellation Jee. (3) a
            charge for recording something: A er hie i
            registration/booking fee. See also scale fee;
            lodgement fee. (4) LAW an inherited interest in
            ce land inherited with complete free-
            dom to pass it to whom one wishes. See free-
            hold. .
            fee tail land inherited with freedom to pass it
            to a limited class of persons, such as to one’s
            eldest son. See entail.
            (5) in pl. money paid for a course of study
            or for education: School/college/tuition/exami-
            nation/sports fees.
            feed n. AGR. any kind of food for farm animals:
            Chicken/cattle/pig feed. Cf. fodder; forage.
            feedback MAN. & IND. information passing fre-
            quently between one person or group of persons
            to another, either (a) information given by
            managers to employees about the results of
            their work, e.g. figures of the volume of output
            of a factory, the value of sales of a branch office
            or shop, or how well an employee performed as
            a worker: or (6) information passed back by
            employees to their managers about e. g. ideas
            for new products, changes in demand for exis-
            Bg Brent. public feeling about prices, qual-
            Ity, etc.
            feeder TRANSPT. a branch or local road, railway
            line, air route, etc. that brings traffic from
            as to the main road, line, etc.
            chemical and a eiD ‘ew material, esp. in the
            making such nat sun industries, used for
            feeler COM. a he : aes Plastics and nylon.
            tended t fi a ey eeestion “or enquiry in-
            0 hnd out what others are thinking, or

            to get information about their intentions: To

            put out a feeler/feelers ;
            ae [feelers in the hope of getting an

            F.E.E.R. fundamen
            rate.
            feet see foot. Abbr. ft.

            feint-ruled Paper writing-paper machine-ruled

            with the lightest we;
            of fains. eight of line. (An old spelling

            tal equilibrium exchange

            , ee ie




                evince -p 236 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            fellah AGR. in Egypt and Syria, a farm-worker
            (from Arabic). Pl. fellahs; fellahin; fellaheen.
            felony LAW a word that nowadays has no exact
            meaning. A felony is one of the broad classifi-
            cations of criminal offences, next in seriousness
            below treason but above misdemeanour. In
            Britain felonies are considered to be the more
            serious crimes that must be tried by a judge
            and jury and that may be punished by impris-
            onment for five years or more. They include
            murder, manslaughter, rape, bigamy, and
            serious theft.
            felon n. a person who is guilty of a felony.
            felonious adj. relating to felony: With felonious
            intent, intending to commit a felony. Felonious
            tort, a civil wrong that may also be a criminal
            offence such as armed assault or some forms
            of libel.
            felucca SHIPG. a small coastal sailing-ship with
            triangular sails and sometimes with oars, carry-
            ing cargo between ports in the Mediterranean.
            fence (1) a person who is a professional receiver
            and seller of stolen goods. Syn. receiver. (2) the
            place where he carries on his business.
            feoffee to uses see trustee.
            ferry (1) TRANSPT. a ship or boat, usu. specially
            planned and built, for carrying people, goods
            and vehicles, usu. for short distances, e.g.
            across a river or other narrow stretch of water.
            (2) the service provided by regular crossings
            by one or more ferry-boats. (3) the legal right
            to run a public ferry service charging a toll for
            persons, animals and vehicles carried.
            auto ferry see separate entry.
            car ferry see auto ferry.
            rail ferry see train ferry below.
            roll-on ferry a ship specially built with openings
            at both ends so that vehicles can drive on at
            one end and off at the other. Syn. roll-on/roll-
            off ship; drive-on/drive-off ship.
            train ferry a ferry specially built to carry a
            railway train complete with goods and passen-
            gers.
            vehicle ferry see auto ferry.

            fertile (1) AGR. of land, able to produce much:
            The soil on the banks of the Nile is very fertile.
            (2) of the human mind, producing many good
            ideas. (3) of Man and animals, able to repro-
            duce sexually; able to produce young: Chicks
            hatch out from fertile eggs.

            Fertile Crescent, The ECON. & AGR. a region
            of naturally fertile land in the Near East,
            Shaped like a new moon. From its southern
            point in Upper Egypt it curves northwards
            along the valley and delta of the River Nile,
            along the coastal strip of Palestine, Lebanon
            and Syria and then eastwards to include the
            great river basin of the Tigris and Euphrates
            in Iraq, to its northern point at the head of the
            Arabian Gulf. It is generally thought that in

            Se Ss eh SS eh oh =h oh,

            =_ Fa

            fiddle - 225

            this region Man first practised agriculture at
            least 10,000 years ago.

            fertility rate the rate at which a population

            reproduces itself, expressed as the number of
            births per thousand women of child-bearing
            age, 1.¢€. between 15 and 45.
            fertility rent see under rent.
            feudal system the ancient social and economic
            system that existed in continental Europe from
            the ninth to the fourteenth century and was
            brought to England in the eleventh century by
            the Normans. The king was the true owner of
            all land; he divided his kingdom between a
            number of lords to whom he gave protection
            and who had the use of his land in return for
            their declared loyalty, military support and
            other services. The smallest unit was the
            manor, held by a lord, who allowed the peas-
            ants, Called villeins or serfs, to hold and cultivate
            some of his land, and who gave them his
            protection in return for their part-time labour
            and for certain payments in the form of prod-
            uce. There was also common land which all
            could use for feeding animals. The system
            gradually came to an end when the peasants
            were paid wages for their work and, as tenants,
            paid rent for the land they used. Syn. manorial
            system; feudalism. See also open-field system.

            f. folios; following (pages).

            -f.a. free from alongside.

            fy. faithfully.

            -g. fully good.

            .G.A., f.g.a. foreign general average.

            .g.f. fully good, fair.

            ‘.H. fore hatch; forward hatch.

            '.H.A. Finance Houses Association.

            '.H.L.M.C. Federal Home Loan Mortgage Cor-
            poration.

            '.1.A. Fellow of the Institute of Actuaries: full
            interest admitted.

            iat LAW (Latin, let it be done) a formal order
            made by a person in authority; a command:
            formal permission.

            iat money FIN. paper money or coins of little
            Or no intrinsic (material) value in themselves
            and not convertible into gold or silver but made
            legal tender by fiat (order) of the government,
            such as the paper Marks issued in Germany
            after the First World War.

            iat standard see under standard.

            1.6. free into barge; free into bunker.

            IBOR Frankfurt Inter-Bank Offered Rate, BKG.
            The equivalent of LIBOR but relating to
            Frankfurt. See LIBOR.

            ictitious not existing in reality; imaginary:
            Fictitious names/employees/visit to customers.

            ictitious assets see under assets.

            ictitious payee see under payee.

            ictitious person see artificial person.

            \ddie v. (collog.) to obtain some small advantage
            by illegal and deceitful means: To fiddle one’s



                evince -p 237 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            a

            226 - fiddler

            furn.
            xpense account/tax retur |
            ; Volta) 4 dishonest trick to get money. The

            collection for charity was @ fiddle. To be on the

            le. | |
            Ae (collog.) a person who obtains some small
            advantage by deceitful means; a cheat on a

            ll scale. | }
            didallevata (1) faithfulness; honesty, loyalty ;

            ness: Fidelity is essential in a cashier.
            Sn confidence in his fidelity. (2) accuracy:
            He has written a report of the meeting with pe rfect
            fidelity, has recorded it with accuracy.
            fidelity bond see under bond, n.
            fidelity insurance see under insurance, classes
            and kinds of.
            fiduciary adj. FIN. backed by good faith, esp. of
            a loan, instead of being backed by the security
            of valuable assets.
            n. LAW a person holding a position formally
            recognized by law as being one or special
            confidence, usu. a person such as a trustee or
            executor to whom property has been given to
            hold and manage, not for his own profit, but
            for the benefit (advantage) of someone else.
            Such a person is said to hold the property in a
            fiduciary capacity.
            fiduciary bond see under bond, n.
            fiduciary loan FIN. one made entirely on trust,
            without any security, the lender having confi-
            dence in the honour of the borrower.
            fiduciary money see fiduciary note issue.
            fiduciary note issue FIN. & BKG. in Britain,
            formerly that part of the note issue that was
            not supported by gold, and which obtained its
            value from the trust the public had in the
            issuing bank. Today, the amount fixed by Par-
            liament of notes issued by the Bank of England
            on the authority of the Treasury and backed
            by securities (government debt, government
            and other safe stocks) which are held by the
            Bank of England as cover or backing for the
            fiduciary issue. Cf. fiat money. Syn. fiduciary
            money.
            field Comp. a group of characters within a data
            entry, €.g. on a pay-roll. Fields might include
            the employee’s name, job title and office
            location.
            field research ADVTG. market research conduc-
            ted outside the company. It usu. means inter-
            viewing customers, distributors, etc. Cf. desk
            research.
            field Staff Com. persons employed by a business
            feat in areas away from the office, such as
            8 salesmen or representatives under a

            field sales manager. Syn. fie]
            a yn. field workers: field


            fi. fa. fieri facias.
            F.1.F.O. first in, first out.
            fifth generation computer see under com.

            fj ae (collog.) in equal shares; fifty per Cent
            : ee We share the profits fifty-fifty/on a fifty.
            fifty basis, we each take half. Let me go fifty.
            fifty with you on the expenses, let me pay half
            Having equal chances: There is a Sifty-fifty
            chance of success. Syn. half-and-half.
            fig. figurative(ly).
            ee MAN. one of two reactions
            thought to be important in studying the Way
            people react to stress at work. The fight reac.
            tion will lead somebody to become ill-tempered
            and aggressive under stress, possibly resulting
            in arguments with colleagues. Cf. flight reac.
            fotue n. a sign for a number, as distinguished
            from a letter; an amount expressed in numbers:
            The figure on the cheque is illegible, the number
            written on it cannot be read. He set its value at
            a very high figure. Abbr. Fig. |
            figures p/. numbers used in calculating and
            recording: She is good at figures. Look into
            the figures, examine them. Jn legal documents,
            quantities are expressed in words and figures.
            Words and figures don’t agree, note written or
            stamped on a returned cheque pointing out the
            drawer’s mistake.
            filch to steal, esp. small things of little value.
            Syn. pilfer.
            file v. (1) to put (papers, etc.) into a file in order
            to preserve them in a methodical system for
            later reference. See also filing system. (2) LAW
            to bring before a court of law: To file an
            action for breach of contract. (3) to register (a
            document) with a registrar: The return has been
            filed with the Registrar of Companies.
            n. (1) any cover in which letters or other papers
            are kept together in proper order. (2) a collec-
            tion of such covers kept in an orderly arrange-
            ment. On file, kept or held as a record. File
            copy, see office copy.
            active file one that is in active use and is
            frequently being added to and referred to. Cf.
            dead file.
            box file a cardboard or wooden box with a lid,
            c oe 'N8 papers which must be kept free of
            ust.

            dead file one that is no longer in use because it
            relates to a subject (person. activity, problem)
            that is not now active. Such files are usu. put
            in transfer or storage cases and stored for a
            “¢rtain number of years in a place away from
            the active files. Cf. active file.

            individual file folder or cover containing

            Papers relating only to one subject such as one

            Particular customer or supplier or employee.
            Cf. sundries file.


                evince -p 238 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            miscellaneous file see sundries file below.
            cundries file a folder or cover in which papers
            relating to several or many subjects such as
            customers, suppliers, etc. are filed, esp. when
            the correspondence with each is not frequent.
            All papers relating to one subject are kept
            together, and the various subjects are put into
            alphabetical or any other order that may have
            been decided, such as numerical, geographical.
            Syn. miscellaneous file.
            (3) COMP, a group of related records which are
            ctored as a Single unit. See record.
            fijiale COM. a branch or subsidiary company,
            esp. in France. (French: daughter-company.)
            filing basket in an office, a basket or tray into
            which are put letters and other papers that are
            to be filed. Syn. filing tray.
            filing cabinet a piece of office furniture, usu.
            made of steel, for storing files. See cabinet (2).
            filing clerk a person employed in an office to
            look after the filing of letters, papers, etc.
            filing system any methodical arrangement for
            keeping letters and other papers in proper
            order so that they may be quickly found when
            needed for reference.
            alphabetical filing the usual method of keeping
            files, in alphabetical order (A, B, C, etc.) of
            subjects.
            geographical filing a method of filing papers
            according to the areas or places to which they
            relate. It is adopted esp. where it is advisable to
            have customers of one country or city grouped
            together because e.g. they are visited by the
            same sales representatives.
            lateral suspension filing an arrangement by
            which each file cover is kept in its own pocket
            hanging from a shelf, either in a cupboard or
            on a wall. This system takes the least space,
            and is now very much used in modern offices.
            numerical filing a method adopted when a very
            large number of files have to be kept, esp.
            of persons such as patients in a hospital or
            customers of a large bank, many of whom will
            have the same name. Each person is given a
            number which is recorded on a card index.
            The folders containing the papers relating to
            each person are filed in numerical order.
            subject filing the method of filing usu. adopted
            when the subject-matter of the paper 1s more
            important than the name of the person who
            wrote it or the place he wrote it from. All
            papers relating to one subject are kept together,
            and the subjects are then arranged in alphabeti-
            cal order. Some subjects may be subdivided
            into several sub-headings, each with its cover
            filed alphabetically under the subject.
            vertical suspension filing an arrangement by
            which each file cover is kept in its own hanging
            pocket in the drawer of the filing cabinet. Cf.
            lateral suspension filing above.
            tiling tray see filing basket.

            fill to 1
            good:
            To fi
            fora
            is Sl
            satisi
            fill in
            blan!
            fill wy
            as fil

            filmse
            inste

            filthy
            dishc

            F.1.M.
            ager:

            Fin., f

            final (
            one
            demc¢
            will 1
            port,
            voya
            or
            al i
            estim
            deliv

            final z

            final

            final ¢
            final «
            final ¢

            final i

            final r

            final

            finance
            matt
            nanc
            econ
            chai
            nanc
            fo pi
            the j
            such
            a fa
            his |
            final
            latic
            fina
            v. F
            payl
            vide
            in tl
            Finan
            finan
            Finan
            a ne
            Parl
            bec«
            the

            Finance Bill - 227

            make full: The packers fill the boxes. The
            fill the warehouse, A well-filled order book.

            ll a vacancy, to find and employ a person
            job: The job/position/post/situation|/ vacancy

            li unfilled. To fill the bill (collog.) to be
            actory.

            to complete a document, esp. a form with

            ¢ spaces to write In.

            » to fill completely, e.g. a petrol tank. Also
            lin: To fill up a form.

            tting the setting of typematter on him,
            ad of in printer’s metal.

            lucre (collog.) money, esp. when obtained
            ynestly.

            B.R.A. Financial Intermediaries, Man-
            :and Brokers Regulatory Association.

            in. finance; financial.

            1) the last of a number of things coming
            after another: This is our final notice/
            ind/warning, we shall not ask again, but
            ake legal action unless you pay now. Final
            the port of destination, the end of the
            ge. (2) replacing something temporary
            incomplete or unsettled: This fin-
            nvoice replaces our earlier provisional)
            ated/pro-forma invoice. A final date for
            ery, a firm date, or a last acceptable date.
            .ccounts see under accounts, n. pl.
            pplication see under application (3).
            listribution see distribution (7).

            dividend see under dividend (6).
            yntry see books of final entry.

            nvoice see under invoice.
            noney see under money.
            itility see marginal utility.
            se n. FIN. (1) the management of money
            ers: Public/business/company/private _fi-
            e. The controlling of money, esp. as an
            omic activity, such as investment. The
            ‘man is expert at finance. A director of fi-
            e. Finance is the job of making money work
            roduce more money. See high finance. (2)
            yrovision of money for a particular purpose
            | as capital to build a factory, or a loan to
            rmer to help him to carry on until he sells
            1arvest. Abbr. Fin.; fin.
            ices p/. a supply of money from an accumu-
            n or from revenue (money coming in). The
            aces of the business are in a bad state.
            IN. (1) to provide or arrange means of
            nent: He will finance the venture, will pro-
            the necessary capital. Cf. fund. (2) to work
            1e business of providing money.
            ce Act see Finance Bill.
            ce bill see under bill of exchange.
            ce Bill FIN. & LAW in Britain, a plan for
            -w law which the government presents to
            ijament every year and which, when passed,
            ymes the Finance Act for that year. It gives
            government power to obtain money, e.g.



                evince -p 239 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            228 - finance company |
            and to spend money in certain

            by taxation,

            S.
            approre. sibs finance house.

            j ompany see ) eee an
            kde a BKG. & FIN. in a ak
            hai of which the main business iS : e eal

            leat hire-purchase. It does this by buying !

            ceive
            cash, ata discounted price, pane alent
            the regular part-paymenis, © trad-
            under hire-purchase agreement? ee: cats
            ers and buyers. For ~ Ae Ck banks
            borrow large sums from the co blic b
            and attract large deposits from the pu va
            paying higher rates of interest than ae
            banks. They are therefore sometimes cé [
            secondary banks, but they do not have the
            legal position of a bank. The larger finance
            companies, many of which are controlled by
            the commercial banks, are members of the
            Finance Houses Association. Syn. finance com-
            pany; secondary bank; industrial banker; hire-
            purchase company.

            Finance Houses Association (F.H.A.) BKG.
            & FIN. an organization formed in London in
            1945 by all the main British finance houses esp.
            to represent their interests to the government.
            Its members effect over 85% of all hire-pur-
            chase finance in the country.

            finance market see under market.

            finance rate FIN. a rate of interest which is
            arrived at after including all extra charges, e.g.
            a booking fee, borne by the borrower. Thus it
            may differ widely from the ordinary rate of
            interest and is intended to let the borrower see
            the ‘true cost of credit’ so that it can easily be
            compared with other offers.

            financial accounting book-keeping and other
            areas of accounting concerned with reporting,
            esp. the preparation of financial reports and
            statements. Cf. management accounting.

            financial advisers FIN. in Britain, a firm of
            merchant bankers who look after the interests
            of a company and of its shareholders during a
            takeover.

            financial analysis FIN. the study of the present
            financial situation of a company, industry or
            country, using statistical information about the
            immediate past and taking note of present
            market tendencies, such as Consumer demand
            and government spending. From such a study,
            a skilful analyst will produce a forecast of
            future movements of prices of securities and
            commodities, rates of interest, consumer

            _ Spending, the cost of living, etc.

            financial books see books of account.

            sas budget MAN. & AccTs. a Statement or

            ne made after a study of the cash bud
            ended to show to the m get,
            business (a) the abun ae anagement of a
            have to be borrowed f, >” Money that will
            meet any lack of Cash ae to time to
            rrowings and (6) the am © source of such
            Sunt of any excess


            accumulate from time to

            of money that may to be employed. Cf. cash

            time and how it is

            budget.
            financial futur

            sell, on a fixed

            es FIN. an agreement to buy or
            future date and at a fixed price,
            a stated sum of foreign currency or a certain

            ‘ving the right to receive
            ancial document giving ©
            svete such as a bond. Cf. commodity ex-

            changes. der investment
            “a e : ment Sé€e un é | 3
            financial invest & BKG. in U.S.A., short-

            : K aper FIN.
            financial Pmade by banks for some Purpos

            r selling of
            ected with the buying © |
            cenecetl commercial paper; commodity

            paper.

            financial position see financial statement (3).

            : _ a person’s or com-
            finance ae te annie’ esp. in regard
            i ability to pay. A firm of good financial standing
            can be trusted to pay bills pr omptly ae d
            financial statement (1) FIN. in Britain, a wen
            ment giving detailed figures referred to - a
            budget speech which the Chancellor of the
            Exchequer makes in the House of Commons
            in March or April each year. The statement
            shows the changes in taxation and in certain
            other matters that will result if the budget
            proposals are made law. (2) LAW & STK. EXCH.
            in Britain, a document issued to shareholders
            before the annual general meeting of a com-
            pany, containing the company’s final accounts,
            the directors’ report and sometimes the chair-
            man’s statement. (3) ACCTS. any document that
            shows the state of the finances or financial
            position of a person or organization, usu. listing
            assets and liabilities as in a balance sheet, or
            giving an account of profit and loss.

            Financial Times, The FIN. the leading British
            daily newspaper dealing mainly, but not
            entirely, with business and financial matters,
            esp. the Stock Exchange, money market and
            commodity exchanges.

            Financial Times-Actuaries All-Share
            Index STK. EXCH. a weighted index based on
            - group of over 700 shares dealt in on the
            London Stock Exchange. It is published daily
            in the Financial Times and is of special interest
            to Investors wishing to compare the price-

            movement of a particular Share wi
            wit
            the whole market and of cen

            secto ithi
            market, details of which ar daibe picieiteg

            € also gi ;
            Newspaper. Abbr. F.T.A.S.I. leek axe

            Financial Times-

            xe€s record movements in
            Shares of the more
            d are divided into

            the market price of the
            important companies, an



                evince -p 240 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            sectors for capital goods, consumer goods, etc.,
            and subdivided into the various industries.
            They are much used by investors. i
            cinancial Times (Industrial) Ordinary
            Share Index STK. EXCH. the average price of
            30 leading shares considered to represent the
            whole of British Industry. The index is pub-
            lished by the Financial Times newspaper 1n
            London twice each working day, at noon and
            at the close of business on the Stock Exchange
            and is regarded by investors as the best bar-
            ometer of the state of the market for British
            securities. Started in 1935, it is the equivalent
            of the Dow-Jones Industrial Average (U.S.A.).
            Abbr. F.T. Ord. See business barometer. Syn.
            Thirty-Share Index; The Index.

            Financial Times-Stock Exchange Index of
            100 Shares STK. EXCH. started in 1984, a
            weighted index based on a group of 100 special-
            ly-chosen shares dealt in on the London Stock
            Exchange. It 1s aimed to give fuller information
            than the F.T. Ord. 30-share index on price
            movements in the market. Its popular name is
            ‘Footsie’. Abbr. F.T.-S.E. 100.

            financial year ACCTS. an accounting period,
            usu. of one complete year, such as from 1
            January to 31 December. In Britain, however,
            the Companies Act defines it as the period
            covered by a company’s accounts, which may
            not necessarily be one year. Cf. fiscal year.

            financier FIN. (1) a person whose business it is
            to arrange finance, such as a banker. (2) a
            person, perh. an employee, with special knowl-
            edge of financing business ventures. See Lom-
            bard Street. (3) a person who finances a
            particular deal or venture by backing it with
            his money. Syn. backer. See angel.

            fine (1) LAW a sum of money paid as a punish-
            ment by persons found guilty of breaking the
            law. (2) money demanded by trade unions
            from members who have been judged guilty of
            breaking the rules of the union.

            fine bank bill see fine trade bill.

            fineness FIN. of gold, of a standard of purity
            used for the former metal currencies of many
            countries. In Britain, the gold sovereign was
            made of eleven parts of pure gold and one part
            of other metals needed to harden the alloy. In
            U.S.A., the gold eagle ($10) was made of nine
            parts of pure gold and one part of other metals.
            Gold that is of the correct fineness according
            to the law is called fine gold.

            fine paper BKG. & FIN. bills of exchange,
            cheques and promissory notes drawn on, or
            accepted or endorsed by, banks or other finan-
            cial houses of first-class reputation. Syn. first-

            Class paper; white paper. Abbr. f.p.

            fine rate (of interest) see prime rate.

            fine trade bill BKG. a bill of exchange of the
            highest class, and one which meets the qualifi-
            cations demanded by the Bank of England for


            a cafe,

            sree, rXQey,
            firm - 229

            bills which the Bank will accept from other
            banks as collateral security or for rediscount-
            ing. Such bills must have been accepted by a
            bank or by other financial houses of first-class
            reputation. See bank bill; trade bill under bill
            of exchange. Syn. fine bank bill; respectable
            bill.
            inish STK. & COMMOD. EXCH. the closing of the
            day’s trading: Af the finish, gilts became active.
            ink (U.S.A. collog.) a strikebreaker; a worker
            who acts against the orders or interests of his
            trade union. Syn. blackleg; scab.
            1.0. Free In and Out.
            .1.P.A. Fellow of the Institute of Incorporated
            Practitioners in Advertising.
            ir. firkin.
            ire v. MAN. (collog.) to dismiss (an employee):
            He was fired the next day. A hire-and-fire
            employer, one who is merciless in dismissing
            his employees for the slightest reason.
            ire insurance policy see under insurance, cla-
            sses and kinds of; also under insurance policy.
            ire loss adjuster INSCE. a person employed
            by a fire insurance company for his special
            knowledge of the valuing of losses by fire and
            for his skill in settling claims for such losses.
            Syn. claims adjuster.
            ire office INSCE. an insurance company or
            society that insures property against fire and
            similar risks. Cf. life office.
            irkin (1) an old liquid measure still used in the
            beer and ale trade, a small barrel of 9 imperial
            gallons. (2) a barrel of soap, 64 lb, and of
            butter, 56 lb. Abbr. fir.
            irm adj. (1) STK. EXCH. of market prices, steady,
            with a tendency to rise: Chemicals remained
            firm. (2) STK. EXCH. of a bargain, fixed, settled,
            as compared with conditional or optional: A
            firm price. (3) COM. of a quotation, not to be
            changed: This price is firm for seven days, you
            can be sure that during that time the price will
            not change and the goods will be reserved for
            you, but not for any longer. A firm price/offer,
            one that is fixed, that the offerer is not willing
            to change. Abbr. F.O. A firm order, one that is
            settled and is not conditional.
            adv. STK. EXCH. & COM. at a fixed or agreed
            price: To buy firm, to place an order at a fixed
            price for delivery now or at an agreed date, as
            compared with an option deal.
            n. (1) ECON. THEORY the basic controlling unit
            the members of which bring together and direct
            the factors of production and cause distribution
            and trade to take place. It represents the deci-
            sion-makers, the persons who direct what hap-
            pens when changes take place in demand and
            supply. The firm forms part of an industry and
            controls one or more productive units or plants.
            Syn. entrepreneur. (2) ECON. THEORY in eco-
            nomic analysis, a single production unit, owned
            by one person, the entrepreneur, producing



                evince -p 241 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &


            230 - firm market
            h does not

            f whic
            roduct, the price 0 ~
            ‘he entrepreneur behaves elon
            d with common sense, Proc”

            uces his product as geet a a
            tries to make as much proHt “ pr’ “ e
            a firm is used as a tool in ana y ng
            eon relating esp. to Be ‘
            consumer, (3) LAW an association “ be “
            more persons who have formally sift 1a)
            work together as partners. A partnership. ( :
            CoM. any business organization, OF commercia
            house, whether it is a partnership or not, often
            a company. (5) (collog.) any group of people
            who regularly work or play together.

            firm market see under market.

            firm offer see under firm (3).

            firm sale see under sale.
            firmware COMP. programs in the form of ROM

            (read only) chips, usu. intended to give greater
            reliability and to protect copyright. Cf. hard-
            ware; software.

            first aid see under aid.

            first call see call (3).
            first class mn. TRANSPT. & TOUR. the most

            comfortable and expensive class of accommo-
            dation for passengers on ships, trains, aircraft,
            and sometimes on buses and trams. Cf.
            second/third/tourist/economy class.
            first-class adj. in the best class: A first-class
            ticket /cabin/seat/hotel/passenger/compartment/
            saloon.
            first-class mail see under mail.
            first-class paper see fine paper.
            first Cost see prime cost under cost.
            first entry see books of first entry.
            first-half adj. STK. EXCH. & ACCTS. relating to
            the first half of the financial year: First-half
            profits were 40% up but the full-year figure showed
            little change.
            first-hand adj. CoM. of goods, direct from the
            manufacturer, importer or shop. New and
            unused by anyone else. Cf. second-hand.
            first in, first out ACCTS. & FIN. a method of
            valuing stocks which assumes that the first
            items received into stock were the first ones
            sold, and therefore that stock left at the year
            end should be valued at the cost of the most
            recently bought stock. Cf. last in, first out
            (L.I.F.O.). Abbr. F.1.F.O.
            F irst Lord of the Treasury see under Treasury.
            first mortgage see under mortgage.
            first-mortgage bond (U.S.A.) see under bond,
            n

            only one

            change. T
            1.e. reasonably an

            — of Exchange see bill (of exchange) in a
            first officer see mate.
            first premium see under premium.
            first rate of the highest and best class - excellent
            a is first rate, extremely good. 3
            “Fate adj. This is of first-rate quality. First-

            rate investments. Cf . S¢cond-rate

            c ise that one will be
            first kiran See a eee the chance to
            oe or accept an offer. Such a promise once
            ae becomes a right of first refusal belonging
            A the person to whom it is made and binding
            on the person who makes it. It can be enforced
            Sed secon into store; family income syp-
            seualaa ail in some countries, a public official
            whose duty it is to take action against offenders
            ‘7 a court of law. A public prosecutor. In
            Scotland, a Procurator-fiscal.—
            adj. FIN. of or related to public money, taxes,
            debts, etc. See fiscal drag; fiscal policy; fiscal
            hecatdtet ECON. the slowing down of economic
            growth when a government s total income, esp.
            from taxes, is greater than the total amount it
            spends in a given period.

            fiscal monopoly see under monopoly.

            fiscal policy FIN. the plans made and followed
            by a government in raising and spending
            money. It raises money mainly by taxation,
            changes in which can affect personal incomes
            and the demand for goods. Changes in the way
            the government spends money can also affect
            the economy. Syn. budgetary policy. |

            fiscal year FIN. the government’s financial year.
            In Britain, from 6 April in one year to 5 April
            the next. In the U.S.A., from 1 July to 30 June.
            Abbr. f.y.; F.Y. See financial year. Syn. tax
            year. Cf. calendar year.

            Fisher Irving (1867-1947), American mathe-
            matician and economist, Professor of Political
            Economy at Yale University. His Nature of
            Capital and Income (1906), Rate of Interest
            (1907), Purchasing Power of Money (1911), and
            Theory of Interest (1930) had great influence
            particularly on the growth of mathematical
            method in economics and on the development
            of econometrics. See Fisher Equation.

            Fisher Equation ECON. THEORY MV = PT,
            Irving Fisher’s way of explaining the Quantity
            Theory of Money by introducing the two (then
            new) concepts (ideas) of the velocity of circu-
            lation of money (V) and the total volume of
            goods and services (T) where M is the quantity
            of money and P the general price-level. See
            Exchange; Queue eam Eanation of
            Eauation ity Equation; Transactions

            fisherman one who catches fish as the main

            _ way of earning a living. Cf. fishmonger.

            fishery (1) AGR. any organized activity aimed at
            catching fish, esp. as a commercial venture. (2)

            : a place where fish are Caught. Pi. fisheries.

            ishmonger com. a trader who buys and sells

            fish. Cf. fisherman.
            fishy FIN. (collog.) financially doubtful; causing



                evince -p 242 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            a feeling of distrust, not entirely to be trusted:
            The whole deal seems fishy to me.

            ¢ ;.t. free of income tax. |

            fit out to supply with the necessary machinery,
            ‘instruments, furniture and comforts. To fit out
            a ship. To fit out a factory. We fitted him out

            with working clothes] tools.
            g fitting-out basin a piece of enclosed water

            where new ships are fitted out or where old
            ships are repaired.
            fitting (1) one of a number of combinations of
            size and shape, esp. in clothing, boots and
            shoes: A wide/narrow fitting. Shoes are made in
            three fittings for each size of foot. (2) in tailoring,
            the operation of trying on new clothes to make
            sure that they fit properly. (3) LAW see fixtures
            and fittings.
            fiver (collog.) a five-pound note, or a five-dollar
            bill.
            f.i.w. free in (or into) wagon(s).
            fixed (1) settled, not changing or varying: Fixed
            prices/rates of interest/charges. Opp. flexible. (2)
            (colloq.) secretly arranged, usu. deceitfully or
            dishonestly, such as by bribery or unfair influ-
            ence: Our rivals had fixed the deal beforehand
            by bribing the negotiator.
            fixed assets see under assets, pl.
            fixed capital see under capital.
            fixed charge see under charges on assets.
            fixed charges ACCTS. & FIN. business expenses
            that are likely to continue unchanged so long
            as the business remains in existence, such as
            debenture interest. Any expense that does not
            vary with size of output or total sales.
            fixed costs see under costs (2).
            fixed credit see under credit, n. (3).
            fixed debenture see under debenture.
            fixed debt see funded debt under national debt.
            fixed deposit see under deposit.
            fixed disk COMP. a magnetic disk, used for
            storage, which is an integral part of the
            machine and cannot be removed from it, unlike
            a floppy disk or exchangeable disk. Syn. Win-
            chester disk.
            fixed duty see specific duty under duty (3).
            fixed expenses see under expenses.
            fixed income see under income.
            fixed instalment system ACCTS. a way of
            providing for the depreciation of an asset by
            writing off each year a fixed percentage of its
            original cost until its book value is equal to its
            scrap value at the end of its useful life. See
            depreciation methods.
            fixed-interest securities STK. EXCH. in Brit-
            ain, securities that bear a fixed rate of interest,
            which are called creditor securities or debentures
            when issued by joint-stock companies and
            government stocks when issued as government
            loans. In addition, many companies issue pref-
            erence shares which bear a fixed rate of interest;
            these are not creditor securities, but their hol-

            flag of convenience - 231

            ders have a claim to the company’s assets
            before the holders of ordinary shares, but after
            the debenture-holders. In U.S.A. the fixed-
            interest securities issued by stock corporations
            are called corporate bonds, and those issued
            by government agencies are U.S. Government
            bonds, state bonds and municipal bonds.
            fixed investment see under investment.
            fixed job contract see under contract.
            fixed liabilities see deferred liabilities under
            liabilities.
            fixed penalty bond see penalty bond under
            bond, n.
            fixed price see under price.
            fixed-sum debenture see under debenture.
            fixed supply see under supply.
            fixed term contract see under contract.
            fixed trust see under trust.
            fixture SHIPG. in chartering ships, a firm ar-
            rangement for a ship to be ready to load cargo
            on a fixed date and at a port convenient to the
            charterers.
            fixtures and fittings (1) Law things fixed or
            fastened to a house by permanent fastenings
            such as nails, screws, cement, etc. and therefore
            considered to be part of the house itself when
            sold, unless it is agreed otherwise. By contrast,
            any articles not permanently fixed to the house
            are not included as part of the house. (2) ACCTS.
            one of the fixed assets of a business, so far as
            they continue to be owned and enjoyed by the
            business.
            landlord’s fixtures those that form part of the
            building itself, such as doors and windows.
            Under common law these cannot be removed
            by a tenant.
            tenant’s fixtures in a business tenancy, those
            that have been fixed to the building by the
            tenant for the purpose of trade, such as seats
            fixed to the floor of a theatre. The tenant has
            the common-law right to remove such fixtures
            as long as he remains in possession.
            fl. florin (Dutch guilder).
            FL., Fla. Florida, U.S.A.
            flag a piece of coloured cloth, usu. with distin-
            guishing marks on it, used to show a country
            or organization to which the user belongs. Each
            nation has its own flag, and so have airlines,
            shipping lines, etc., so that nationality and
            ownership can be easily recognized. Flags are
            also used to make signals, to show rank, and
            to mark places and special occasions: A ship
            sailing under the Egyptian flag. A house flag, a
            special flag flown by vessels of a particular
            shipping line or airline. See flag of con-
            venience.
            flag of convenience sHIPG. the national flag of
            certain small countries, esp. Panama, Liberia,
            Honduras and Costa Rica (collectively known
            as Panlibhonco) who are willing to register ships
            owned by nationals of other countries. These



                evince -p 243 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            232 - flag of necessity

            owners are attracted by the ‘conveniences:
            offered which include: cheap registration; low
            standards of safety equipment, low rates of
            pay and poor quality of living accommodation
            for the crew; and above all, a means of avoid-
            ing heavy taxation. Syn. flag of necessity.
            flag of necessity see flag of convenience.

            flat adj. STK. EXCH. of market conditions, In low
            spirits, with prices falling because there 1s
            insufficient demand. Syn. depressed. |
            n. (1) COM. a set of rooms in which people live,
            usu. all on the same floor of a building called
            a block of flats. Syn. (U.S.A.) apartment. (2)
            TRANSPT. any flat vehicle without sides such as
            a railway wagon, truck or lorry; also a barge
            with flat deck.

            flat broke (collog.) completely without money;
            penniless.

            flat cost see prime cost under cost.

            flat rate (of interest) FIN. (1) see flat yield
            under yield. (2) the rate resulting from the
            charging of the whole amount of the interest
            at the beginning of the lifetime of the loan.
            Example: a loan of £100 for one year at 14%;
            if the flat rate is used, the interest (£14) is added
            at the beginning, making the outstanding debt
            £114 payable in 12 monthly instalments of
            £9.50 each. Cf. true rate.

            flat-rate tariff Com. a method of charging small
            users of electricity, at a fixed sum per unit
            consumed.

            flat tax see under tax.

            flat yield see under yield.

            flea market see under market.

            fleece v. collog. to rob someone of all his money.
            Syn. collog. skin.

            fleet (1) SHIPG. a group of ships or boats sailing
            together, esp. as a fishing fleet. (2) SHIPG. all
            the ships owned by one shipping company. (3)
            SHIPG. the ships owned by a particular country,
            esp. its fleet of warships. (4) TRANSPT. a group
            of cars, lorries or other road vehicles belonging
            to a particular owner.
            fleet rating INSCE. specially low premium rates
            charged by an insurer to cover a fleet of ships,
            cars, trucks, etc. belonging to one owner.
            fleet terms COM. & TRANSPT. special discounts
            given by a car dealer to a company owning a
            fleet of cars, usu. provided that it agrees to buy
            all its cars from that dealer.

            Fleet Street an important street in the City of
            London in and near which most of the main
            British daily newspapers formerly had their
            offices. It has thus become a name for the
            newspaper world generally.

            flexible that which can be bent or changed or
            adapted: A flexible budget, one that can be
            varied from time to time. Flexible tariffs, a
            hor nto deal wih sac pate

            septic il with such problems as
            jn ping. Opp. fixed.

            << ‘i !
            ees
            aT oie


            Sy

            flexible manning IND. a system whereb
            employees may be moved between different
            jobs in the same organization, as compared
            with systems in which a high level of demay.
            cation exists and flexible manning is not prac.
            tised.
            flexible organization IND. a modern concep;
            of the future shape of organizations. It Suggests
            that there will be a move away from a large
            permanent staff in fixed locations to a smajj
            core staff and a larger number of periphera|
            workers brought in and changed around a¢
            work flows demand. See also core workers.
            peripheral workers.
            flexible trust see under trust.
            flight (1) the act of flying. (2) TRANSPT. a journey
            by aeroplane: A direct/non-stop flight, without
            stopping on the way. A night flight. (3) a regular
            air trip or journey on a fixed route at a fixed
            time daily, weekly, etc., bearing a flight number
            and called a scheduled flight. There are ten flights
            daily to Cairo.
            flight of capital BKG. & FIN. a movement of
            capital on a large scale away from one country
            in time of economic difficulty, usu. caused by
            fear that the currency will very soon lose value
            in relation to other currencies. Such flights
            of capital can only make the situation more
            difficult still. See also flight capital under capi-
            tal.
            flight reaction MAN. one of two reactions
            thought to be important in studying the way
            people react to stress at work. The flight reac-
            tion will lead somebody to try to run away from
            the cause of the stress, usu. resulting in sick
            leave from work or a lack of interest and a
            drop in motivation. Cf. fight reaction.
            flimsy very thin paper used when typing several
            carbon copies at one time.
            flit (collog.) to leave one’s home secretly, without
            giving notice, to avoid paying what one owes:
            To do a moonlight flit, to run away during the
            night leaving rent owing to one’s landlord.
            Also, To shoot the moon.
            float n. (1) accts. the sum of money held in an
            imprest account. See imprest system. (2) COM.
            the opening balance of coins and notes in a
            shopkeeper’s till (drawer for holding money).
            Syn. cash float. (3) TRANSPT. a low flat wagon
            or truck for carrying goods: A milk float, an
            electric vehicle used in Britain for delivering
            milk. An advertising float, a flat wooden floor on
            wheels, for carrying an advertisement display
            through the streets.
            v. (1) FIN. & STK. EXCH. to start a business: 70
            float a company, to provide the capital and
            make the necessary arrangements to form the
            company. See company promoter. (2) FIN. seé
            floating exchange rate.
            floatation n. see flotation.
            floater (1) INSCE. see floating insurance under


                evince -p 244 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            insurance, Classes and kinds of. (2) IND. a
            worker, esp. a docker, who prefers casual
            (irregular) employment and to choose jobs that
            he thinks will bring him the most money, (3)
            FIN. & BKG. see floating rate note.
            floaters BKG. & STK. EXCH. (1) government
            bearer bonds which are given by bill-brokers
            to a bank as security for money lent to them
            at call. See bearer bond under bond. (2) see
            bearer security. (3) local authority stocks that
            have a rate of interest that floats, i.e. that is
            liable to be changed, usu. every six months
            according to changes in the general level of
            interest.
            floating assets see current assets under assets.
            floating capital see working capital under capi-
            tal.
            floating charge see under charges on assets.
            floating currency see under currency.
            floating debenture see under debenture.
            floating debt (1) see under national debt. (2) a
            debt that may have to be repaid at short notice,
            such as money borrowed at call.
            floating dock sHIPG. a movable dock which,
            by means of a system of tanks and pumps, can
            be lowered in the water to allow a ship to enter,
            and can then be raised, lifting the ship out of
            the water for repair. Cf. dry dock.
            floating exchange rate FIN. an exchange rate
            that is allowed to move up and down according
            to the conditions of supply and demand in the
            foreign-exchange market. Such an exchange
            rate is said to be dirty if there is interference
            by government(s) and clean if it is allowed
            to move freely. See exchange rate. Syn. free-
            exchange rate.
            floating insurance see under insurance, classes
            and kinds of.
            floating money see under money.
            floating rate note FIN. & BKG. a security very
            like a Eurobond but having a rate of interest
            that varies according to the market rate at the
            time the interest is due to be paid. Also floater.
            Abbr. F.R.N.
            flog (collog.) to sell, usu. something that has been
            dishonestly obtained: The youth flogged his
            mother’s jewellery.
            flood (1) INSCE. an overflowing of water; one of
            the special perils (risks) against which protec-
            tion is given in most fire insurance policies. (2)
            COM. a rush; a very large number, e.g. of
            orders/complaints, etc.
            flood tide suipG. the flow of the tide as it rises,
            a period of about six hours, followed by the
            ebb: The ship sailed on the flood tide. Syn. the
            flow. Opp. ebb tide.
            floor (1) the lowest part of a room; the bottom
            surface on which one stands or walks. Floor
            space, the area of building that can be used for
            productive activity, usu. expressed in square
            feet or square metres.

            fluctuations - 233

            price-floor the lowest point below which a con-
            trolled price is not allowed to fall. Cf. price-
            ceiling.
            Shop floor (a) the main space in a factory or
            workshop where the goods are produced. (b)
            the main body of ordinary workers. To rise
            Jrom the shop floor, to progress from being an
            ordinary worker to holding a post of respon-
            sibility.
            wages floor the lowest amount of wages that
            may by law be paid. Syn. minimum wage.
            (2) a set of rooms or space taking up the whole
            of one level of a building: The ground floor,
            level with the ground outside, at street level:
            in U.S.A. this is called the first floor. The first
            floor, in Britain, the floor next above the ground
            floor, but in U.S.A. this is called the second
            floor, and so on. To be in/come in/be let in/on
            the ground floor (collog.), to take part in a
            venture from the beginning. Jo be on the floor,
            to be very poor, to have no money. Jo go
            through the floor, (of prices) to fall suddenly to
            an unreasonable level. (3) STK. EXCH. the hall in
            which members of the London Stock Exchange
            used to meet to do business.
            flop com. of a business venture, a failure: His
            new book/film/play/was a flop. Our advertising
            campaign has proved to be a flop.
            flop-house (U.S.A. collog.) a cheap, low-class
            lodging-house. Syn. doss-house.
            floppy disk see magnetic disk.
            florin FIN. (1) an ancient gold coin originally
            from Florence, but made part of the British
            gold coinage in the fourteenth century. Since
            1849 a silver or cupro-nickel coin worth one-
            tenth of a pound, i.e. two shillings, now ten
            pence. (2) a name given to the guilder or gulden
            of the Netherlands. Abbr. fi.
            flotation FIN. & STK. EXCH. the act, or work, of
            starting a business, esp. a company. The flo-
            tation of shares, the issue of new shares esp. to
            the public. Also floatation.
            flotel Tour. a floating hotel, esp. a former pass-
            enger liner now used for this purpose.
            flotsam SHIPG. & LAW cargo goods floating on
            the sea after a shipwreck. In British waters,
            they become the property of the Crown if not
            claimed within a year and a day. Cf. jetsam.
            flow (1) movement in a stream: The oil is now
            on flow/has come on flow. There is a speedy flow
            of goods going out/money coming in/orders/
            complaints/enquiries. (2) the rising tide, see flood
            tide.
            flow chart FIN. & IND. any diagram intended to
            explain a process or operation step by step.
            Syn. flow diagram; flow process chart.
            flow of funds see cash flow
            flow production see mass production.
            fluctuate to move up and down; to rise and fall
            continually: Prices fluctuated widely all day.
            fluctuations ECON. upward and downward


                evince -p 245 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            234 - fluff

            movements in the economic system. Economic
            fluctuations are booms and slumps when indus-
            trial activity rises and falls, also called trade

            fluctuations and industrial fluctuations. See trade

            cycle under cycle. Market fluctuations, price
            fluctuations, periods of rising and falling market

            prices. |
            fluff v. COM. (collog.) to take dishonest advantage

            of a customer by giving him the wrong change,
            in the expectation that he will not notice. Syn.
            short-change.

            fluidity of labour see mobility of labour.

            fluid measure see liquid measure.

            flush (collog.) having plenty of money; rich.

            flutter CoM. a small bet or wager; a small com-
            mercial venture.

            fly a kite see kite-flying under kite.

            fly-back (colloq.) a worthless cheque.

            fly-by-night (1) a debtor who runs away from
            his creditors secretly at night. (2) an irrespon-
            sible person, more interested in enjoying him-
            self than in doing any work. (3) a person
            or business that is not firmly established but
            interested only in making quick profits, esp.
            by slightly dishonest methods.

            fly-cruise TOUR. a sea-cruise by ship starting
            and ending at a foreign port, to and from which
            air travel is arranged.

            fly-drive TouR. a tour which includes travel
            partly by air and partly by hired car driven by
            the traveller.

            fly pitch com. a temporary shop or stand for
            selling goods in a street-market or market-
            place.

            fm. fathom.

            F.M.C.G. fast moving consumer goods.

            F.N.M.A. Federal National Mortgage Associ-
            ation (‘Fannie Mae’).

            F.O. firm offer.

            fo. folio.

            f/o. for orders.

            f.o.b. free on board.

            fob off to seil someone an article of poor quality
            by making him think it is good; to cheat; to
            deceive: He fobbed me off with an imitation
            jewel. They always fob one off with promises
            which they never keep. Cf. foist.

            F.O.C., f.o.c. free of charge; free of claims.

            foc’s’le see forecastle.

            focus group an informal discussion group used
            for marketing research. The group is composed
            of consumers and led by a researcher, who
            prompts participants to discuss feelings and
            perceptions about products, companies, etc. as
            appropriate.

            F.O.D. free of damage.

            fodder acr. food for farm animals. esp. if dried
            and stored, such as hay. Fodder crop, a crop
            a te - be dried as food for animals. Cf.

            ™ foist to persuade a person to buy bad goods by

            pretending that they are good: To foist q usele
            article on a customer. I have been foisted off vis,
            a bad machine. Cf. fob off.
            fol. folio.
            folder (1) a cover for papers, usu. a piece of stifr
            paper or card folded in two. (2) a folded sheet
            of printed paper giving information aboy .
            product to help to sell it. (3) a machine for
            folding letters, leaflets, etc. before they are put
            into envelopes. (4) a machine for folding the
            sheets of printed books in the process of booy.
            binding.
            fold up com. of a business or company, 4,
            come to an end; to stop trading; to go int,
            liquidation.
            folg. following.
            folio (1) a leaf of a book or handwritten pape,
            numbered only on one side. (2) used by printers
            to refer to the page number of a book. Abby.
            f.; fo.; fol.; pl. ff. (3) AccTs. the number of g
            single page in a journal, or of a pair of facing
            pages in a ledger.
            folio column in an account book, a column into
            which the book-keeper writes the number of
            the folio or page of another account book
            where the corresponding entry is to be found.
            follow (1) to employ oneself in: to engage in, a
            profession or trade: To follow a calling/
            occupation. He follows the sea, is a sailor. |
            follow the law, am a lawyer. (2) to act in agree-
            ment with; to accept: To follow advice/
            directions/instructions/precedent. (3) to keep up
            with; to keep in line with: To follow the
            fashions/latest news/scientific developments.
            to follow up to cause one action to be followed
            by another in order to get a result where the
            first action has failed or 1s not complete, such
            as sending out a follow-up letter to customers
            who have made an enquiry but have not yet
            placed an order. )
            follower MAN. an organization which is not one
            of the market leaders in its market either in
            terms of market share or product innovation.
            follower strategy MAN. a corporate strategy
            appropriate for followers, which usu. means
            copying the market leaders but trying to
            achieve lower costs.
            food (1) any material that is eaten: Farmers grow
            food for human beings and for animals. Fish are
            caught for food. (2) dry or solid substances that
            are eaten, rather than liquids that are drunk:
            Our shop sells food and drink. (3) a particular
            product that is eaten, esp. if prepared for 4
            particular purpose : Canned/frozen/dog/ cat food.
            See convenience goods.
            Food and Agriculture Organization
            (F.A.0.) a specialized agency of the United
            Nations with its central office in Rome, having
            responsibility for organizing agricultural devel
            opment programmes in accordance with 4



                evince -p 246 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            world plan to end hunger and improve ft
            nutrition (feeding habits).

            foodgrains AGR. & COM. the seeds of grasses
            that are used as food, such as wheat, maize
            and rice.

            foodstuff any substance regularly used as food,
            such as grain, sugar and meat.

            foolscap (1) a standard size of printing paper:
            in Britain, 17 in. x 134 in. (432 mm x 343 fe
            mm); in U.S.A., 16 in. x 12 in. (406mm x fj
            305 mm). (2) in Britain, also a size of writing
            paper, 164in. x 1341n. (419mm x 337 mm).
            Abbr. fcap.; f/cap.; fep.; cap.

            foot n. a standard unit of length in Britain,
            U.S.A. and other countries, 12 inches or one-
            third of a yard. One foot = 0.3048 metre
            exactly. Abbr. f.; ft. Sign:’: A table 3’ wide.
            feet p/. (but foot when used with inches): Six
            feet. Five foot ten inches.
            foot rule a straight-edge one foot long, usu.
            marked in inches and divisions of an inch, for
            measuring and for drawing straight lines.

            v. (collog.) To foot up, to add up a column of

            figures. To foot the bill, to pay, to bear the cost.
            footage COM. a length expressed in feet; a rate

            of payment by the foot; an amount of money

            paid for material or work measured by the

            foot: Footage for digging a 300-foot trench at  ¢,

            £50 per 100-foot run = £150.

            footgear see footwear.

            footing accts. (U.S.A.) (1) the act of totalling, fc
            esp. a column of figures. (2) the total of a
            column of figures. Syn. total.

            ‘Footsie’ STK. EXCH. a popular name for the
            Financial Times-Stock Exchange Index of 100
            shares (F.T.-S.E. 100).

            footwear COM. a trade name for boots and
            shoes. Syn. footgear.

            f.0.q. free on quay.

            F.O.R., f.o.r. free on rail.

            for. foreign.

            forage AGR. food for farm animals, esp. if eaten
            by grazing or browsing or fed fresh, not dried.
            Forage crops, grown as food for animals, such
            as maize for silage (preserving in a silo). Cf.
            fodder; feed. | :

            force n. (1) strength or power; effect: The forces
            of nature. Winds of gale force. There is no need to
            use force, be gentle. The force of circumstances,
            effects outside one’s control. The force of public
            opinion. Market forces. The forces of supply and
            demand. (2) LAW operation; effect: This law is
            in force/has come into force/no longer has (any)
            force. Strength: The force of law. (3) INSCE.
            a policy is in force between the time of its
            acceptance by the insurer and the time it
            expires (ends) or is cancelled. fc

            forced labour see slavery; serfdom. fc

            forced sale see under sale.

            forced saving see under saving.

            forced Selling see under selling.

            foreign banks - 235

            2rce Majeure LAW (French, superior force) a
            cause or event which neither party to a contract
            can control such as action by a government in
            time of war, or strikes, lockouts and Acts of
            God. If a contract states that it is ‘subject to
            force majeure’, either or both parties may be
            excused from performing their part of the
            agreement in such an event.
            rces and services bounty see under bounty.
            »recast (1) an account of what may be expected
            to happen in the future, usu. by looking at
            conditions that lie ahead: Plans are based on
            forecasts. A forecast of sales/expenses/profits. A
            weather forecast. (2) ECON. any methodical
            attempt to tell the nature, extent and direction
            of future changes in the economic system, such
            as a change in the size of the population. Such
            forecasts, called projections, are essential aids
            when deciding government policy. |
            profit forecast an opinion stated by the direc-
            tors of a company regarding the profits that
            they expect the company to make in a certain
            future period. Such forecasts are usu. checked
            and reported upon by the company’s auditors
            to make sure that the figures are based on
            true expectations and are not likely to mislead
            intending investors.
            yrecastle SHIPG. the raised forward part of a
            merchant ship, often containing the seamen’s
            quarters. Also written fo’c’sle. Pron. foak-sl.
            9reclosure LAW the action of a mortgagee
            (lender) in exercising his right to obtain a
            court order, called a foreclosure nisi, against a
            mortgagor (borrower) who has failed to repay
            a debt by the due date. The court order will fix
            a new date by which the mortgagor must pay
            the debt. If he fails to do so he loses his equity
            of redemption (his right to regain possession
            of the mortgaged property) and the mortgagee
            has permission to sell the property. V. fore-
            close.
            yre-date see ante-date.
            reign aid ECON. & FIN. money, goods and
            services given by the government of one, usu.
            developed, country to help the people of
            another, usu. poor country. Such help may
            be in the form of: technical aid, to improve
            scientific and industrial skills; development aid,
            aimed to raise real income and living stan-
            dards; relief after a single disaster (sudden
            misfortune) such as a severe earthquake; and
            sometimes military aid, to help a weak country
            to defend itself from attack. The effects of
            foreign aid on international economic relations
            are of great importance.
            reign balance see balance of payments.
            reign banks BKG. in Britain, the branches
            of banks incorporated (formally set up and
            registered) outside Great Britain. Branches of
            banks with their head offices in the (British)



                evince -p 247 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            236 - foreign bill

            Commonwealth are sometimes C

            overseas banks.

            foreign bill see under bill xch
            foreign company LAW In Britain, a company

            incorporated (formally set up and registered)
            outside Great Britain, but having a place of
            business within this country. A foreign com-
            pany must, within 30 days of setting up a place
            of business in Britain, give certain information
            about itself to the Registrar of Companies. It
            must also state its name and the country in
            which it is incorporated on all its letterhead-
            ings, bill-heads, notices, advertisements and
            other official documents. Syn. overseas com-
            pany.

            Foreign Credit Insurance Association
            (F.C.1.A.) (U.S.A.) INSCE. & COM. an organiza-
            tion that insures U.S. exporters against com-
            mercial credit risks while the Export-Import
            Bank insures against political risks; together
            they correspond to the British Export Credits
            Guarantee Department.

            foreign currency see under currency.

            foreign exchange BKG.& FIN. (1) the currency
            of a country other than one’s own: My bankers
            will supply me with foreign exchange for my trip
            abroad : French francs, lire and Egyptian pounds
            (2) the exchanging of the currency of one coun-
            try for that of another. (3) the practice of
            buying and selling the money of other coun-
            tries. See direct exchange.

            foreign-exchange broker see under broker.

            foreign-exchange dealer BKG. & FIN. a pro-
            fessional dealer in the money of other currenc-
            ies; usu. an official of one of the commercial
            banks who has been authorized by the exch-
            ange control department of the Bank of Eng-
            land to buy and sell foreign exchange for his
            bank and its customers. Syn. exchange dealer.

            foreign-exchange market BKG. & FIN. in Bri-
            tain, a group of exchange dealers, mostly rep-
            resenting the commercial banks, and the
            exchange brokers. The market has two main
            divisions, the spot market, in which deliveries
            are made and paid for on the spot (immedi-
            ately), and the forward market, in which deals
            are arranged for future deliveries, to be paid
            for on agreed dates on or after delivery. Deals
            must be in accordance with the directions of
            the exchange control department of the Bank
            of England.

            foreign-exchange office see bureau de
            change.

            foreign investment see under investment.

            foreign money order see overseas money order
            under money order.

            foreign trade see international trade.

            ~ a oe zone see free port under port.
            eon —o man in charge of a number

            /\* torewoman. (2) Law a member

            alled British

            bill of exchange.


            of a jury chosen by other members to x
            for all of them.

            foreshore (1) LAW that part of the seashore
            that lies between the high-water and low-wate,
            states of the tides. In Britain, this land belop .
            to the Crown (the State). (2) any strip of land
            between the edge of the sea and the nearest
            farmland or buildings. (3) land facing the Sea.

            forest (1) a large area of land now covered, o,
            formerly covered, mainly by trees. In some
            countries, forest is the word used to describe |

            peak

            land covered by trees planted by people: the
            word bush or woodland is used for land covereg
            by the natural growth of trees. Cf. woodland.
            (2) ECON. an area of land on which large num-
            bers of trees are grown for commercial gain.
            forestalling ECON. & COM. the ancient, and
            sometimes illegal, practice by some merchants
            of buying the entire harvest of an important
            agricultural product, or the entire output of an
            industry, before it reaches the market, with
            the intention of wiping out competition and
            gaining monopolistic control of the market
            price. Syn. regrating; engrossing.
            forester a person employed in looking after
            forests.
            forestry (1) AGR. the science and work of man-
            aging forests. (2) an area of land covered by
            forests.
            forewoman IND. a woman in charge of a num-
            ber of workers, who may be either men or
            women. |
            forex a short form of the words foreign exchange.
            forfeited share see under share.
            forfeiture Law loss of a right to some property
            as a punishment for a crime or wrong-doing,
            such as a fine, or as a penalty for failure to
            perform a duty, such as shares forfeited (lost)
            because the issuing company’s calls for pay-
            ment have not been met.
            forge v. to perform the act of forgery: He forged
            her signature on the will. They were caught jorg-
            ing bank-notes. This is a forged document. He
            gave me a forged cheque. Syn. to counterfeit.
            forger n. one who forges.
            forgery Law (1) the common-law offence of
            making or altering (changing) any document
            with the intention of causing harm to another
            person’s rights. (2) making a false document in
            order that it may be used as genuine (the
            real thing) such as false bank-notes or cheque
            Signatures. (3) deceitfully making an imitation
            of a seal. (4) any false thing that has been made
            in order that it may be used as the real thing:
            This bank-note/that signature is a Jorgery. Syn.
            a counterfeit.
            forgive CoM. & FIN. to give up all claim to: To
            Sorgive (someone) a debt.
            fork-lift truck a small industrial truck, usu.
            driven by electric batteries, for lifting and
            carrying loads on pallets (small trays or plat-


                evince -p 248 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            ne part of a factory to another.
            handling truck; industrial truck.
            fork out (collog.) to pay, usu. unwillingly: They
            O

            I.

            ork out £15 for the mea

            ne COM. a commercial or other ven-
            for

            ossibility of success.

            ee a os e sipeatanie’ A trademark

            form re : oan of a ship. Publicity in the form of
            edie letters. (2) a kind; a sort: Different jorms
            pe industrial combination/advertising|/ partnership.
            (3) a model to be followed esp. for documents:
            A legal form. A form of words. See forms of
            address. (4) a printed document with spaces
            left in which answers to questions of other
            information may be written or typed: A form
            of application or an application form. A cheque
            form. An order form. Syn formula.
            yp. (1) to give shape or existence to; to set
            up; to organize: To form a company / trade
            association/cartel/partnership. Have you formed
            an opinion? (2) to make up; to be: The company
            forms part of a large group. Groceries form the
            basis of our business. The cash book forms part
            of the books of account.

            formal (1) according to accepted rules: A formal
            meeting/dinner/occasion. Formal proceedings of
            the court. Opp. informal; casual. (2) giving
            necessary authority: Formal permission | autho-
            rization, usu. in writing. A formal order, record-
            ing in writing one given by word of mouth. A
            formal denial/refusal/acceptance, a solemn
            expression of denial, etc.

            formal contract see specialty contract under
            contract.

            formal incidence see impact (3).

            formality (1) something that has to be done
            because a rule has to be obeyed: Legal/customs
            formalities. (2) unnecessary attention to custom
            and etiquette (rules of behaviour).

            format (1) the general appearance and form of
            an object, esp. a book: its size, shape, kind of
            binding, quality of paper, typographic design
            and general arrangement. (2) COMP. the prede-
            termined order of the characters in an input to
            a computer. The computer will not recognize
            an incorrectly formatted entry. Syn. syntax.

            formation expenses ACCTS. & MAN. amounts
            of money advanced by the promoters of a new
            company before it is incorporated and can start
            trading, such as legal and accounting fees,
            stamp duty and registration charges. Such
            amounts are usu. repaid by the company once
            it is in existence and they are written off in the
            first year of trading. Syn. promotion expenses.

            formation of a company see company forma-
            tion; company promoter.

            former of earlier times. The former, the person
            or thing first mentioned.

            formerly in past times.

            for money srx. EXCH. of deals, to be paid for

            forms) from ©
            Syn. materials-

            forward - 237

            in cash immediately, not on the next Settling
            Day. Cf. for The Account.

            orms of address by custom, the correct ways
            of addressing persons of different rank and
            profession, such as: 1n addressing an envelope,
            Mr, Mrs, Messrs, Esq., Dr, etc.; im the salu-
            tation or the beginning of the letter, Dear Sir,
            Dear Madam, Sirs, Gentlemen, etc., in closing —
            the letter, Yours faithfully/sincerely/truly.

            ‘ormula (1) a set form or list of words or numbers
            intended to be followed as a guide to doing or
            making something, or to human behaviour: A
            secret formula for making medicine/paint.
            Mathematical/algebraic/ geometrical for mulae.
            Courtesy formulas, such polite expressions as
            ‘Good morning’, ‘How do you do?’, “Excuse
            me’. (2) a form, see form (4). Pl. formulas or
            formulae. Pron. -las or -lee. See FORTRAN.

            ‘ormulate to express very exactly, to state
            clearly, as a formula to be followed: To formu-
            late a_plan|policy/claim/problem. N. formu-

            tion.

            a The Account sTK. EXCH. of deals, to be
            paid for at the next Account Day. Cf. for
            money.

            ceeniciet n. two weeks; a period of 14 days:
            Some workers are paid every fortnight. The fac-
            tory is inspected once a fortnight. Adv. fort-
            nightly: We advertise fortnightly in the national
            papers. Adj. A fortnightly magazine/steamer
            service/bank statement/account.

            =ORTRAN comp. a machine language, called in
            full Formula Translation, used for scientific
            and algebraic computer programs. Cf.
            ALGOL; APL; BASIC; COBOL; PASCAL;
            PL/1.

            fortuity MAR. INSCE. an accident; any chance
            event causing loss or damage which was not
            inevitable, i.e. which was not certain to hap-
            pen. Adj. fortuitous.

            fortune (1) great wealth, esp. a large accumu-
            lation of money; success in making money: To
            make/seek/possess a fortune. To come into a
            fortune, to inherit much money. There is a
            fortune to be made in stockbroking. A fortune-
            hunter, a man looking for a rich woman to
            marry. (2) luck; chance: J wish you good fortune.
            To try one’s fortune, to take a risk in business.
            A fortune-teller, a person who claims to tell
            future events.
            fortunes pl. He suffered a decline in Sortunes,
            luck turned against him. The fortunes of war,
            chances of good and bad luck, of success and
            failure in wartime.
            fortunate adj. having good fortune; favoured
            by good luck; successful.
            stones adv. luckily; happily; by good for-
            une.

            forward adv. (1) towards the front; ahead: Pri-
            ces moved forward, rose steadily. Abbr. frwd.
            (2) SHIPG. in the front part of the ship: The



                evince -p 249 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &


            238 - forward buying

            n. forrard.

            samen re Phe forward old, nearest
            se front of the ship. (2) in the future: a
            contract, one for performance in the future.
            Forward delivery, see charges forward. 7
            py. (1) to cause to move ahead; to dispatch, to
            send: To forward a consignment of goods byr ig
            See shipping (and forwarding) agent. (2) tor .
            address and send on by post a letter or parce
            that has arrived for someone who has gone to
            another address: Please forward, note on let-
            ters, etc. where this may be necessary. He
            arranged for his mail to be forwarded. Syn.
            redirect. (3) ACCTS. see brought forward; car-
            ried forward.

            forward buying CoM. & IND. buying stocks of
            materials well in advance of having to use
            them, partly to make sure of supplies being
            ready when needed, and partly to increase one’s
            profit when prices are rising. Syn. stockpiling.

            forward contract STK. EXCH. a contract
            between two parties in which they agree to
            trade a currency at a fixed exchange rate on a
            fixed date in the future. Cf. time option.

            forward dealings see commodity exchanges.

            forwarder see shipping (and forwarding) agent.

            forward exchange see forward rate under
            exchange rate; also foreign-exchange market.

            forwarding agent see shipping (and forward-
            ing) agent.

            forward integration see vertical integration
            under integration.

            forward market see foreign-exchange market.

            forward price CoM., STK. & COMMOD. EXCH. the
            price of an article, security or commodity for
            delivery at an agreed date in the future, as
            distinguished from the current or spot price for
            immediate delivery. If the forward price is
            higher than the current price, it is said to be
            at a premium; if the opposite is the case, it is
            said to be at a discount.

            forward rate see under exchange rate.

            f.0.s. free on ship/steamer/station.

            f.o.t. free on truck(s).

            F.O.T. free of tax.

            foul SHIPG. to crash into; to come into violent
            contact with: The vessel fouled the jetty.

            foul bill of health see under bill of health.

            foul bill of lading see dirty bill of lading under
            bill of lading.

            found v. to set up on a firm basis; to bring into
            permanent existence: To found a_ business/
            industry/society, etc. The business was founded
            in 1724. Syn. establish.

            founder (1) a person who founds something :
            The founder of the business was John Smith. I
            am a founder-member of the club, one of the

            founders. (2) SHIPG. to beco
            ae me filled with water

            founders’ share see under share.

            four-
            = Our-plus cover apvtcG. an advertising cam-

            paign which repeats an advertisement at least
            four times. This idea is based on an understand-
            ing of the sales response function which suge-
            ests that four exposures to an advertisement
            produces the highest probability of a customer
            purchasing the product. Syn. effective cover.
            See also reach (2); sales response function.
            fourth estate the press; newspapers and the
            journalists who write and edit them. In Britain,
            any powerful group, outside the government
            and the church, that can influence the affairs
            of the nation.
            fourth-generation computer see under com-
            puter.
            fourth market see under market.
            £ o.w. free on wagon; first open water.
            fox v. (1) (collog.) to deceive by a trick: He foxed
            me by pretending to be rich. (2) to puzzle: These
            figures fox me completely. Adj . foxy.
            foyer a hall or public room in a hotel or theatre
            where people can meet.
            f.p. fine paper; fully-paid (shares).
            F.P. fire policy; floating policy.
            F.P.A. free of particular average.
            F/R folio reference.
            F.R. freight release. Federal Reserve (System).
            Fr. France; Friday.
            fr. from.
            fractional (deposit) banking BKG. a practice,
            in some countries demanded by law, by which
            banks keep their cash reserves at a fixed per-
            centage of their deposit liabilities (the amount
            owed to customers). See cash ratio.
            fractional (share) certificate STK. EXCH. (1)
            a share certificate for a fraction (part) of a
            share, a need arising esp. when two companies
            are merged (become one) and there is an exch-
            ange of shares in unequal proportions, such as
            four shares of one company for three of the
            other. (2) see deferred interest certificate.
            fractional currency see under currency.
            fractional money see under money.
            franc a former gold coin of France, now the
            name of the standard monetary unit of a num-
            ber of countries which, with their symbols, are:
            the French franc (FFr), see below; the Belgian
            franc (BFr); the Burundi franc (BuFr); the
            CFA franc (CFA Fr), see below; the C.F.P.
            franc (CFP Fr), see below: the Djibouti franc
            (DFr or DJFr); the Luxembourg franc (LuxFr);
            the Malagasy or Madagascan franc (MgFr);

            the Rwandan franc (RwFr); the Swiss franc
            (SFr), see below. Abbr. F.-

            ; f.; Fr.; fr.; pl. fes.;
            Fes.; Frs.; frs. creo egeomring

            C.F.A. frane the standard monetary unit of the
            Communauté Financiére Africaine (the Afri-
            can Financial Community) used in a number
            of former French colonies or protectorates in
            Africa: Benin, Burkina Faso, Cameroon, Cen-
            tral African Republic, Chad, Congo, Gabon,
            Ivory Coast, Mali, Niger, Senegal and Togo.


                evince -p 250 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            frican franc. Abbr. CFA Fr or FrCFA.
            C.F.P. franc the standard monetary unit of
            the Communaute Financiere du Pacifique (the = fi
            Pacific Financial Community) used in a num-
            her of former French colonies and _protec-
            rorates In the Pacific: French Polynesia, New
            Caledonia, the Southern and Antarctic lerri-
            tories, and the Wallis and Futuna Is. Syn.
            Pacific franc. Abbr. CFP Fr or FrCFP.
            French franc the franc used in France, her
            neighbours Andorra and Monaco, and in the _ fi
            French Overseas Departements: Guadeloupe,
            Martinique, Mayotte, Reunion, and St. Pierre
            and Miquelon. Addr. Ffr.
            Swiss frame the franc used in Switzerland and
            also in Liechtenstein. Abdr. SFr.
            franc d’avarie particuliére (French) equiva-
            lent of F.P.A., free of particular average. Abbr.
            F.A.P.
            franchise (1) COM. an arrangement called a
            franchising agreement by which a monopoly
            producer (the franchisor) gives another pro-
            ducer or trader (the franchisee) by formal
            licence the exclusive right, i.e. a right held by fi
            no one else, to manufacture or sell the products fi
            of the franchisor 1n a certain area such as a
            town, county or country. The franchisee may fi
            pay the franchisor by an amount based on the
            number of units produced or on the number
            sold, or by a percentage of his gross sales; and
            he must agree to buy all his supplies only from
            the franchisor. See also zee; zor. (2) MAR. INSCE.
            an amount of loss below which in certain con-
            ditions the insurers are not bound to pay any-
            thing, but above which they are bound to pay F
            in full. The purpose is to discourage very small ‘I
            claims. Cf. excess (2).
            franco CoM. (French, free) a foreign-trade price
            quotation which includes the cost of the goods __ f
            and all risks and charges up to a stated point.
            Where no point is stated, franco means delivery
            free of expense to the buyer’s warehouse as the
            English f.o.b., f.o.r., etc. Syn. rendu. Abbr. fco.
            franco'a bord see free on board.
            franco domicile or franco domicilium delivered
            free of expense to the consignee’s address. Syn.
            free delivered.
            franco frontier delivered free to the frontier
            (border) of the exporting country.
            franco invoice see under invoice.
            franco quay see free alongside ship.
            franco wagon see free on rail.
            frank (1) to put an official mark on a letter,
            parcel, etc. instead of postage stamps, to show
            that the postage has been paid by a special
            arrangement with the Post Office. See franking
            machine. (2) to mark a postage stamp on a
            letter, parcel, etc. to prevent it being used  f
            “gain. See postmark. Syn. cancel.
            me investment income FIN. & STK. EXCH.
            ritain, income on which tax has already

            Syn. A

            fr

            free agent - 239

            been paid, such as dividends from shares. Opp.
            unfranked income.

            ranking machine MAN. & ACCTS. a relatively
            fast machine for franking envelopes and labels
            with the correct postage without the use of
            gummed postage stamps. The machine has a
            meter in which the value of the franking is
            recorded and the amount payable to the Post
            Office is determined. See also stamping
            machine.

            raud LAw (1) the gaining of some material
            advantage by dishonest means. A court will
            order an offender to pay damages if it is proved
            that he has used deceit with the intention that
            the plaintiff (the person bringing the case)
            should act upon the deception, that the plaintiff
            did act upon it and suffered damage as a result.
            See deceit; holding out; misrepresentation.
            Syn. false representation. Adj. fraudulent. V.
            defraud. Syn. cheat; swindle. (2) a person who
            is not what he pretends or claims to be; a
            cheat. Syn. swindler. Hence fraudster, a person
            who performs dishonest tricks; a trickster.

            raudulent conversion see defalcation.

            raudulent misrepresentation see misrep-
            resentation.

            raudulent preference LAW any payment of
            money by a debtor to one or some of his
            creditors to the disadvantage of the other credi-
            tors during a period of three months before he
            becomes bankrupt. Such payments are con-
            sidered a fraud on the other creditors and the
            trustee in bankruptcy can demand repayment
            of the money.

            -R.B. Federal Reserve Board.

            -reddie Mac’ FIN. in U.S.A., the popular name
            for the Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corpor-
            ation (F.H.L.M.C.).

            ree adj. (1) at liberty: The arrested man is now
            Jree. I am free to see you now. I am not free
            to give you the figures / information. You are free
            to choose/act. (2) not bound by rules: free
            trade/port/vote/zone. (3) without charge: Free
            samples/ gifts. Admission/ estimates | alterations
            (to clothes) free. I got it free/(U.S.A.) for free.
            (4) not hindered or spoilt: Land free of/ from
            weeds/pests. Property free of charges/mortgages.
            To be free of debt. (5) STK. EXCH. Free of stamp
            duty and fee: (a) a condition made when a small
            lot of a stock or a share is sold, meaning that
            the seller will pay these costs. (6) when a new
            security 1s sold free of stamp after allotment but
            before registration.

            v. to make free: To free a house/estate/business

            from mortgage/debt. To free someone from his
            bond/promise. To rid: To free a farm of pests.

            To set free: He was freed from prison.

            ree agent (1) see general agent under agent. (2)
            any person who is completely free to act on
            his own decisions and is not responsible or
            accountable to anyone for what he does.



                evince -p 251 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            ——————————

            240 - free allowance
            UR. & TRANSPT. the amount
            ‘s allowed to take
            ri apie a poner aeroplane with-
            on charge, ust expressed as a weight, such ht
            < taken the carrier has the rig
            20 kg. If more 1s baggage under
            to make a charge. See excess Dabs &

            3).
            rca alongside ship/steamer coun foci
            trade contracts, the seller’s price includes :

            charges and risks up to the point where the
            goods are placed alongside the ship ready to
            be taken on board. Thus the buyer must pay
            for the loading of the goods, but if the ship
            cannot enter the port or tie up to the shore,
            the seller must arrange and pay for lighters.
            See Incoterms. Syn. free on quay; franco quay
            (France); free at wharf. Abbr. F.A.S.; f.a.s.
            free at wharf see free alongside ship.
            freebee (U.S.A.) CoM. (collog.) something given
            free, without charge, to attract customers, such
            as a free dish in a restaurant. Syn. freebie.
            freeboard SHIPG. the distance from the highest
            continuous deck to the centre of the disc mar-
            ked on the side of the ship to show the load
            water-line in summer.
            freeboard deck see deck.
            free capital see under capital.
            free coinage see under coinage.
            free competition see under competition.
            free delivered com. a foreign-trade price quo-
            tation which includes the cost of the goods and
            all risks and charges for delivery to a stated
            place, point or address such as ‘free delivered
            Alexandria’. If no place is stated, delivery
            must be to the consignee’s address. Syn. franco
            domicile; franco domicilium.
            free delivery CoM. & IND. a service given free
            of charge by a supplier to his customers, of
            carrying the goods they have bought and
            delivering them to their own premises, if within
            a certain area, called a free-delivery area. Abbr.
            F.D.; f/d.
            free docks COM. a foreign-trade price quotation
            which includes the cost of the goods and all
            risks and charges up to the point of delivery
            to the docks at the port where the goods are to
            be loaded on to the ship.
            free economy see free competition under com-
            petition.
            free enterprise see under enterprise.
            aan see entry for free goods under customs
            free-exchange rate see floati
            Freefone com. a service wired amare
            ele-
            com to commercial organizations by which
            member of the public who wishes t eo.
            O answer

            free allowance TO

            advertiser. Cf, Free
            5 post.
            free goods see under goods (7)

            Plete freedom and authority

            ™ free hand com

            without any limiting conditions: We gave hip,
            a free hand to reorganize the business.

            free-handed (collog.) ready to give away
            money; generous, spending money freely.

            freehold n. LAW a legal right to hold land ag the
            absolute owner, free of payment or duty to
            others. Cf. leasehold. |
            adj. held by freehold. See freehold estate ung,
            estate.

            freehold property see under property.

            free house COM. a business, esp. an Inn or public
            house, that is run personally by its owner who
            is free to buy from any supplier and is no
            bound to one particular supplier. Cf. tieg
            house.

            Free In and Out co. (in foreign-trade cop-
            tracts) the seller’s price includes the costs and
            risks of loading and unloading the goods.
            Sometimes the costs and risks are divided
            between the seller and the buyer, thus Free Jn
            means that the seller bears only the loading
            costs and risks and not those of unloading.
            Abbr. f.1.0.

            free insurance see under insurance, Classes and
            kinds of.

            free into store Com. in foreign trade quotations,
            the seller’s price includes all charges and risks
            up to the point when the goods are received
            into the buyer’s store or warehouse; from that
            point all charges and risks have to be borne by
            the buyer. See Incoterms. Abbr. F.1.S.; f.i.s.

            freelance MAN. the term applied to a specialist
            in any field who is self-employed and may be
            hired for short periods by any organization,
            e.g. a freelance designer or consultant.

            Free List COM. & TAXN. the official list of goods
            that may be imported into Britain free of cus-
            toms duty.

            free market see under market.

            free of all average MAR. INSCE. a condition in
            a marine policy that the insurance is against
            total loss only, and that claims for partial loss
            (average) are not covered. Abbr. F.A.A.: f.a.a.

            free of income tax sTK. EXCH. on some British
            government stocks, interest is paid in full,
            without any deduction for income tax. This is
            of special interest to persons with very small
            Incomes who pay no income tax and therefore
            do not have the trouble of Claiming a refund
            (repayment) of tax. Abbr. f.i.t.

            free of particular average MAR. INSCE. a con-

            te in a marine policy that the insurance is
            f spo inst totalas well a8 partial loss. Abbr. F.P.A.
            ree on board (1) com. in foreign-trade con-

            tracts, the seller's Price includes all charges and
            risks up to the point where the seller delivers
            the goods on board the ship named by the
            —— at the named port of shipment. From
            that Point, all charges and risks have to be
            Scent ty tee buyer. See Incoterms. (2) in
            free on board’ may mean ‘free on

            U.S.A...




                evince -p 252 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            saa? a truck or a building site.

            — pace (France). Abbr. f.o.b.

            syn see free alongside ship. Addr. f.0.q.

            fron onary M. in foreign-trade quotations,
            ree On ms a includes all charges and risks
            ihe ed t where the seller delivers the
            spstoniene d place read
            to the railway at a named place y
            ab ailway to take away or convey to the
            | a to a place ordered by the buyer. From
            a point all charges and risks have to be borne
            by the buyer. See Incoterms. Syn. (U.S.A.) free
            on truck (f.0.t.); (France) franco wagon. Abodr.
            R.; f.o.r.

            Pati truck see free on rail. Abdr. f.0.t.

            free overboard see free overside. :

            free overside CoM. in foreign-trade quotations,
            the seller’s price includes all risks and charges
            up to the point where the goods are discharged
            (unloaded) from the ship; from that point the
            costs must be borne by the buyer, including
            any lighterage and customs duty. Syn. ex ship;
            free overboard.

            free pay TAXN. that portion of a taxpayer’s
            income on which he pays no income tax.

            free port see under port.

            Freepost CoM. a service offered by the British
            Post Office to commercial organizations by
            which a member of the public who wishes to
            send a letter in answer to an advertisement
            may address it to a certain address and post it
            without paying postage. The Post Office col-
            lects the postage from the advertiser on deliv-
            ery of the letter. Cf. Freefone.

            free-range AGR. of poultry, kept in the open air
            and allowed to run about. Cf. battery hen under
            battery.

            free trade ECON. THEORY international trade
            that is completely free of hindrances to the
            movement of goods such as tariffs (customs
            duties) and quotas (limits on quantity). The
            classical economists’ view was that world-wide
            free trade would be good for all countries
            because of the comparative advantages of spe-
            cialization. See Comparative Cost Principle.
            But many later economists, from Adam Smith
            to the present day, favour some degree of
            protection for essential industries. See free
            trade association.

            free trade area see free trade association.

            free trade association ECON. & COM. an agree-
            ment between two or more countries to unite
            in charging no duties on goods moving between
            the member countries. Examples are: the Euro-
            pean Free Trade Association (E.F.T.A.) and
            the European Economic Community (E.E.C.).
            Syn. free trade area.

            free-trader ECON. a
            - 4 person who supports t
            idea of free trade. kh :

            ey (U.S.A.) an expressway that is free of
            oll Charges. In Britain, a motorway.

            f .
            reeze n. the fixing by law of wages, prices,

            freight collect - 241

            rents, etc. at present levels.
            credit freeze government action to control the
            amount of money in circulation, by severely
            limiting bank lending. Cf. credit squeeze. See
            also frozen credits.
            pay freeze see wage freeze below.
            price freeze action by government to control
            prices in times of inflation to prevent the cost
            of living from rising, esp. during a wage freeze.
            rent freeze action by government to fix rents
            esp. of private houses and flats, at their present
            level, usu. at a time of serious housing shortage.
            wage freeze action by government, usu. in umes
            of inflation, by which all wages and salaries
            are fixed at their present level. Syn. pay freeze.

            free zone see free port under port.

            freight TRANSPT. (1) the carrying of goods, esp.
            by water (sea freight) or by air (air freight) but,
            in U.S.A., also by rail or road. Abbr. Frt.
            (2) the amount charged or money earned for
            carrying goods, usu. expressed as a price per
            ton weight but for sea-cargo often per ton of
            cubic space filled. Syn. freightage. (3) goods,
            cargo, carried in return for payment of freight.
            Syn. freightage. (4) MAR. INSCE. the profit madc
            by a shipowner on the freight his ship earns
            by carrying cargoes. (5) the charge, called
            charter(ed) freight, paid for hiring a ship or
            aircraft for carrying goods.
            air freight see separate entry; also freight (1)
            above.
            back freight a charge for freight which has to
            be paid by the owner to get back goods which
            a ship has overcarried, i.e. has been unable,
            from causes beyond the master’s control, to
            land at the port of destination and has had to
            bring back to the port where they were loaded.
            bill-of-iading freight see separate entry.
            charter(ed) freight money paid for hiring a ship
            or plane. Syn. charterer’s freight.
            dead freight charges that a shipper has to pay
            for space reserved for cargo which he has
            failed to ship, i.e. payment for space ordered in
            advance but not used. Abbr. df.
            distance freight a freight charge which is pro-
            sininsgs to distance, such as £5 per ton per
            mile.
            return freight see carriage inwards under Car-
            riage. |

            Sea freight See freight (1) above.

            reight account MaR. INsCE. a record kept by
            a shipowner of all freight earned by a ship
            during a voyage so that it may be claimed from

            _ Insurers if a loss is suffered.

            reightage (1) TRANSPT. the charge made for
            varrying goods. (2) the goods carried in return
            for _ payment of freight or freightage. Syn.
            freight.

            reight car (U.S.A.) TRANSPT. a railway goods
            wagon; a luggage van.

            reight collect see freight forward.


                evince -p 253 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            242 - freighter

            freighter TRANSPT. (1) a ship or plane that
            mainly carries goods as freight; a cargo boat,
            air freighter. (2) a person or business organi-
            zation that charters cargo boats, accepts and
            transports goods, or forwards goods by other
            carriers. .
            freight forward TRANSPT. freight to be paid by
            the consignee on delivery of the goods at the
            destination. Syn. (U.S.A.) freight collect. Abdr.
            Frt. fwd. |
            freight forwarder see shipping and forwarding
            agent.
            freighting see affreightment.
            freight inwards see carriage inwards under
            carriage (2).
            freightliner TRANSPT. a railway train, consisting
            entirely of wagons carrying containers packed
            with goods, running on a regular fast service
            between important towns, industrial areas,
            ports, etc. Freightliner service, see container
            train under container.
            freight note sHiPG. a note sent by the shipowner
            to the shipper showing the amount of freight
            payable on a certain cargo.
            freight outwards see carriage outwards under
            Carriage (2).
            freight paid see carriage paid under Carriage
            (2).
            freight policy see under insurance policy.
            freight prepaid TRANSPT. words written on a
            bill of lading by the shipowner to record that
            the freight has been paid in advance. Abbr.
            Frt. ppd.
            freight rates TRANSPT. the charges for freight.
            Sea freight is charged either by weight or by
            measurement, whichever the master of the ship
            decides. See freight ton under ton. Air freight
            is usu. charged on the basis of 1 kg or 1000 cu.
            cm.
            freight release sHIPG. a document issued when
            the freight has been paid, authorizing the per-
            son in charge of the goods, usu. a ship’s officer
            or a warehouseman, to release them, i.e. to
            allow them to be taken away. Abbr. F.R.
            freight ton see under ton.
            freight train (U.S.A.) TRANSPT. a goods train.
            French East India Company see under East
            India Company, French.
            French leave see under leave.
            frequency the number of times something hap-
            pens during a given period. Frequency of
            flights/sailings, etc, the number of flights that
            take place per hour, day, week or month. The
            frequency of service is: three trains per hour/two
            flights per day/one sailing per week/one cruise per
            month. See also accident frequency rate.
            fresh money see under money.
            fret payé see carriage paid under Carriage (2).
            friction ECON. THEORY the interference caused
            by outside influences that prevent the normal
            Operation of economic laws, such as a lack of


            a

            knowledge by producers of the size of demand
            or limits placed on the movement of worker.

            frictional unemployment see unde, unem.
            ployment.

            Friedman, Milton (1912- ) USS. economist
            Nobel prizewinner, and writer, esp. on Mone.
            tary theory, famous for his laissez-faire Views
            He argues for the lowest possible amount of
            control by the state in the monetary and SOcia]
            welfare systems. In the 1950s and 1960s, he
            and other economists at Chicago Universit
            produced a revised form of the Quantity The.
            ory of Money, showing that, to keep price,
            steady, the money supply should be manage
            so that it increased only at the same rate a.
            the growth in the economy. In their boo;
            Capitalism and Freedom (1962) he and his Wife,
            Rose D. Friedman, call for most state-ry;,
            social welfare services to be replaced by pri-
            vate-enterprise organizations; and they sug.
            gested that everyone should receive 4
            guaranteed income in the form of a negative
            income tax.

            friendly society FIN. in Britain, one of the
            7000 or more non-profitmaking associations of
            persons, originally groups of friends, who pay
            regular subscriptions with the object of giving
            economic support to members and their fami-
            lies when they are ill or have grown old, and
            to their widows and fatherless children. Some
            societies provide an insurance service, some
            run working-men’s clubs. By adopting certain
            rules and registering as an approved society
            with the Registrar of Friendly Societies, certain
            rights and powers are gained, esp. in borrow-
            ing, investing and lending money. Many trade
            unions started as friendly societies. See also
            industrial and provident society. Syn. (U.S.A.)
            benefit club; benefit society; benefit associ-
            ation.

            fringe benefit any reward given to an employee
            in addition to normal wage or Salary, such as
            a pension, the use of a company car or house,
            free or cheap meals, loans at low rates of
            interest, and private medical treatment. See
            also benefit in kind.

            fringe market see under market.

            frivolous action see abuse of process.

            F.R.N. floating rate note.

            F.R.O. fire risk only.

            from date see after date.

            front (collog.) (1) an apparently honourable per-
            son Of organization that is made to act as a
            Screen to hide some illegal or dishonest
            activity: His company is only a front for tax-
            evasion. (2) see up-front.

            frontage (1) the front of a piece of land. (2) the
            length of the front that lies along the line of a
            road, street or river.

            frontager an owner of land lying along a road,
            street or river.


                evince -p 254 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            front(end) loading FIN. & INSCE. (1) the prac-
            tice by managers of most unit trusts, superan-
            nuation and mutual funds and by some
            ‘nsurance companies, of making new investors
            ay a fee and service charges. These are usu.
            taken out of the investor’s early payments, thus
            leaving a smaller amount for investment. (2)
            the unfair practice of some makers of takeover
            bids, of buying up the greater number of the
            shares in a company by offering the holders an
            attractively high price, and later giving the
            other shareholders new shares, with or without
            a cash sum, but together worth much less. To
            try to stop this, some companies now have
            rules called fair price rules which make sure
            that all shareholders are treated alike. See also
            dawn raid.
            frontier (1) that part of a country that borders
            another country. (2) the boundary-line between
            two countries. (3) in U.S.A., the furthest limit
            of a country’s settled or developed area: The
            frontier moved westward to the Rocky Mountains.
            front-running STK. EXCH. a practice, considered
            often unfair and therefore strictly controlled,
            of some share dealers who are market-makers
            and who buy or sell shares on their own account
            on early information supplied by their own
            employee investment analysts before their
            clients receive it.
            frozen assets see under assets.
            frozen credits FIN. & BKG. credit balances in
            bank accounts which, by government order,
            cannot be transferred to their owners, usu.
            persons or organizations based in other coun-
            tries. See blocked account.
            Frt. freight. |
            Frt. fwd. freight forward.
            Frt. ppd. freight prepaid.
            frugal careful to avoid waste; using money, food,
            etc. carefully. N. frugality.
            fruiterer a shopkeeper who sells fruit.
            frustration of contract LAw the discharge
            (ending) of the duties and responsibilities of
            the parties to a contract where some outside
            causes, not thought of at the time of making
            the contract, have since arisen and make it
            impossible to perform. See discharge of con-

            tract.

            F.S.L.1.C. Federal Savings and Loan Insurance
            Corporation.

            F.T. Financial Times (newspaper).

            ft. foot; feet.

            F.T.-Actuaries Share Indexes see under
            Financial Times.

            F.T.A.S.1. Financial Times-Actuaries All-Share
            Index.

            F.T.C. Federal Trade Commission.

            fth., fthm. fathom.

            F.T. Ord Financial Times (Industrial) Ordinary
            Share Index.

            functional structure - 243

            F.T.-S.E. 100 Financial Times-Stock Exchange
            Index of 100 Shares (‘Footsie’).
            fudge (colloqg.) to cheat, esp. to change dis-

            honestly: He fudged the accounts. Syn. falsify;
            fake.

            fulfil to carry out: This condition/clause has been
            Julfilled. To complete; to perform: He fulfilled
            his task/trust/responsibilities/obligations/duties.
            (U.S.A., fulfill.)
            full whole; complete: Full name/address/fare/
            price/value. Full board, sleeping accommo-
            dation and all main meals. Full house, in a
            theatre, all places filled. Full-time worker, one
            present during the whole of normal working
            hours.
            full-bodied currency see under currency.
            full costing see absorption costing.
            full-cost price see under price.
            full employment ECON. THEORY in economic
            analysis, an ideal situation in which unemploy-
            ment is at the lowest possible level, with the
            supply of labour meeting the demand for it
            at a given level of wages. Even under full
            employment there will always exist some kinds
            of unemployment. See unemployment. A
            different view of full employment is given in
            the Beveridge Report of 1942, which describes
            it as a situation in which the number of vacan-
            cies (unfilled jobs) is greater than the number of
            persons unemployed, i.e. the supply of labour is
            less than the demand. Some economists call
            this over-full employment, which is a main cause
            of inflation; and they believe that inflation
            can only be avoided if the ideal aim of full
            employment is replaced by a lesser aim of
            keeping a ‘high and stable level of employment’
            without full employment.
            full-line forcing CoM. a condition forced by
            some suppliers on their customers, of having
            to buy certain products from that supplier only.
            Cf. tied house.
            fully-fledged fully-qualified: A fully-fledged
            accountant/engineer|/barrister.
            fully managed fund see under mutual fund.
            fully-paid share see under share. Abbr. f.p.
            share.
            fully-subscribed see oversubscribed.
            function n. (1) what a person or thing has to
            do; a natural or proper activity; a reason for
            existence; a purpose: The main function of the
            board of directors is to decide the policy of
            the company. The function(s) of a manager/
            secretary/foreman, etc. (2) a social gathering: A
            dinner/office/afternoon/evening function.
            v. to carry out a duty or activity: The machine/
            system functions perfectly.
            functional discount see trade discount under
            discount.
            functional structure MAN. an organizational
            structure which divides the company up into
            its separate functions, with a production


                evince -p 255 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            244 - functionary

            department, marketing department, personne!
            department, etc. Cf. market structure, matrix

            structure. | oe
            functionary an official; a government servant.

            “@ ACCTS. a stock of money, esp. one
            boo sai for a special purpose: A sinking/
            reserve|pension/benevolent/charity Jur id. See also
            l.
            ae put money into a fund or store to
            accumulate esp. for a certain purpose, such as
            to provide a pension, or to help the poor, or to
            pay off a debt. (2) FIN. to replace a short-term
            floating debt by an issue of permanent or long-
            term bonds bearing a fixed rate of interest.
            (3) STK. EXCH. to invest money in The Funds
            (British government stocks).
            fundamental disequilibrium ECON. the con-
            dition that exists when the balance of payments
            of a country with a fixed exchange rate gets so
            bad that only a devaluation of its currency or
            an internal deflation of its economy will bring
            back a state of equilibrium.
            fundamental equilibrium exchange rate
            see under exchange rate. Abbr. F.E.E.R.(s).
            funded debt see under national debt.
            funder FIN. a person or organization that pro-
            vides funds, i.e. money or credit, for commer-
            cial or industrial ventures.
            fund fund see under mutual fund.
            fund, guarantee see guarantee fund.
            funding (1) FIN. replacing a short-term debt by
            an issue of long-term or perpetual (permanent)
            bonds. (2) the issue of debentures by a company
            for the purpose of paying off a large bank
            overdraft. (3) providing with funds, 1.e. money
            or credit, to commerce and industry.
            fund manager see investment manager.
            fund of funds FIN. an investment trust that
            invests in a number of other investment trusts.
            Syn. master trust.
            funds pi. FIN. (1) a stock or supply of money
            generally, but esp. money being used as work-
            ing capital in a business. (2) cash, 1.e. notes,
            coin and credit balances at the bank. (3) all
            the financial resources (possessions), consisting
            of cash, fixed assets, and investments belonging
            to a business. (4) BKG. a credit balance in a
            customer’s account. See ‘no funds’. (5) ACCTs.
            & FIN. Flow of funds, see cash flow; source and
            application of funds. (6) CoM. To be in funds,
            to possess money or to hold money for another
            person. Opp. to be out of funds. To put someone
            in funds, to give him a supply of money to pay
            one’s expenses, as to a solicitor to pay court
            fees, etc. (7) (collog.) money.
            Funds, The FIN. & STK EXCH. British government
            stocks ; gilt-edged securities. See British Funds.
            funds flow statement see source and appli-
            cation of funds.
            funeral benefit see death grant.
            fun fair see fair, n. (3).


            funk money see under money. |
            funny business COM. (collog.) an affair or deal. |
            ings of a suspicious or dishonest kind.
            fur. furlong. |
            furlong a measure of distance, one-eighth — |
            mile or 220 yards = 201.168 metres. Abbr. fur |
            furn. furnished. = |
            furnish (1) to provide with furniture such mt |
            tables, chairs, beds: A furnished house, one je
            for rent, with all necessary furniture, 4p),
            furn. (furnished). (2) to supply: To furnish doo.
            uments/evidence/statistics/information. To fu.
            nish someone with money/capital.
            furnisher n. one who furnishes; a dealer jp
            (new) furniture. |
            furniture (1) com. movable articles needed fo,
            use in a home, called domestic furniture, such
            as tables, chairs and beds; or for an office,
            called office furniture, such as desks, chairs
            and filing cabinets. (2) SHIPG. the movable
            equipment of a ship, including everything
            needed to operate her, such as anchors, boats,
            machinery, ropes and cables, but not her stocks
            of food and fuel. See appurtenances.
            fuse FIN. & STK. EXCH. of two or more companies,
            to combine to form one unit. The companies
            decided to fuse to meet competition. Syn. to
            amalgamate; to merge.
            fusion n. combination; merger; amalgamation.
            fut. futures.
            futures see commodity exchanges; financial
            futures; futures contract. Abbr. fut.
            futures contract FIN., COMMOD. & STK. EXCH.
            a contract to buy or sell a fixed quantity of a
            commodity or security or foreign currency at
            an agreed price or rate, such quantity to be
            delivered on a fixed future date. Syn. forward
            contract. Such contracts, usu. called futures,
            are transferable and can be bought and sold in
            the futures market. Used with the practice of
            hedging, they (a) provide a form of insurance
            against risk of loss if in future prices or rates
            vary widely, and (5) have a steadying effect on
            markets and so help the financing of trade and
            industry. Abbr. fut. See hedging.
            futures market see under market.
            future value see under value.
            f.v. fishing vessel.
            fwd. forward.

            f.w.t. fair wear and tear.

            f.y., F.Y. fiscal year.


            G. German; Germany; Gulf.
            g gram(me); guinea.

            G5 Group of Five (countries).
            G7 Group of Seven (countries).
            G10 Group of Ten (countries).


                evince -p 256 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &


            GA, Ga. Georgia, U.S.A.
            “i G/A.. G.A. general average.
            A.B. General Arrangements to Borrow.

            r (collog.) the owner, the person in charge;
            the foreman or boss. Syn. guv’nor (governor).
            gage FIN. an article given as security for the
            ayment of a loan or for the keeping of a
            promise, a pledge. See mortgage; pawn.
            . S€e gauge, v. ;

            gain v. (1) to get or obtain something wanted: To
            gain experience/knowledge/control of a company.
            (2) to win, to obtain in competition: He gained
            the advantage/victory/prize. (3) to get money as
            profit: He gained £10,000 in selling his house.
            (4) STK. EXCH. to advance; to progress: Shares
            gained (ground) before the close, prices rose.

            n. (1) an increase of wealth; profit: He lives/
            works only for gain. See capital gain; holding
            gain. (2) STK. EXCH. an increase, advance in
            price: Oil shares showed a gain of five points.
            gains p/. (a) winnings, profits: I/l-gotten gains,
            wealth obtained dishonestly. Jt is time to count
            your gains, to pause to reconsider. (5) STK. EXCH.
            those shares that show an increase in price:
            Gains included I.C.I. but British Oxygen were
            among the losses, I.C.1. shares were some of
            those that showed an increase in price, but
            British Oxygen shares were among those that
            showed a reduction.

            capital gain see separate entry.

            holding gain see separate entry.

            gain and loss account see profit and loss
            account.

            gainful adj. bringing in money or some other
            valuable substance or service; paid: She is in
            gainful employment. A gainful occupation, such
            as that of a shopkeeper.
            adv. gainfully, Gainfully employed.

            gains tax see capital gains tax under tax.

            gal., gall. gallon.

            Galbraith J.K. (1908- ), American economist,
            public servant and highly popular writer, well
            known, first, for his argument in his book
            American Capitalism (1951) that in capitalist
            economies there is a degree of self-regulation
            which he calls countervailing power (power
            resisting equal power) because the economic
            Strength of the great corporations is checked
            by the strength of organized labour, the trade
            unions. His book The Affluent Society (1958),
            which has had a remarkable sale, calls for
            greater attention to be given to the develop-
            ment of public services and less to production
            by private industry, much of which is wasteful
            and extravagant (unreasonably costly). He was

            Bt Ambassador to India, 1961-3.

            n the standard unit of measurement in

            gaffe

            Britain and U.S.A. for liquids. In Britain, the
            imperial gallon is the volume of 10 pounds
            tavoirdupois) of water, 277.42 cu. in. = 4.546
            litres. ‘A pint of pure water weighs a pound


            garage sale - 245

            and a quarter, and a gallon weighs ten pounds.’
            In U.S.A., the American gallon is the volume
            of 84 pounds of water, 231 cu. in. = 3.785
            litres. Abbr. gal.; gall.

            galloping inflation see hyper-inflation.

            gals. cap. gallons capacity. |

            gamble v. (1) to risk money in the hope of
            making a profit: He gambled his fortune on
            buying a farm but lost everything when the crop
            failed. They gamble on the Stock Exchange. (2)
            to play a game of chance with money, to bet
            on sporting events: To gamble at cards/on horse-
            races/in the casino. A gambling debt, see gaming
            debt under debt. See debt of honour, gaming.
            n. any risky course of action: Investing in equi-
            ties is a gamble.

            game any form of play for amusement, esp.
            in competition with other persons: Outdoor
            games, such as football, cricket, tennis. Indoor
            games, such as bridge, billiards, basketball. A
            game of chance, one in which luck is more
            important than skill. A game of skill. A manage-
            ment game, one played by managers in training,
            based on imaginary business situations. A game
            not worth the candle, a risk that is not worth
            taking, or an unprofitable plan.

            game theory MAN. a strategic management
            method which focuses on competitive activity
            by playing out the various possible competitive
            moves which may be made in future by market
            rivals.

            gaming LAw the playing of a game of chance
            for money. Gaming contract, see under contract.
            Gaming debt, see under debt. To plead the Gam-
            ing Act, to take advantage of the law in refusing
            to pay one’s gaming debts. Syn. gambling;
            wagering.

            gangway SHIPG. & TOUR. (1) a movable bridge
            which connects a ship and the shore, and by
            which people can enter or leave the ship when
            she is tied up at a port. (2) a movable ladder
            in the form of a light stairway down the side
            of a ship for persons entering or leaving the
            ship while she is at anchor. Syn. gangway
            ladder.

            G.A.O. General Accountancy Office.

            gap see trade gap; inflationary gap.

            gap analysis CoM. & MAN. a form of market
            analysis which lists all the benefits that are
            wanted in a particular class of product and
            then compares these with what is actually
            available in existing products. Any possible
            benefits to customers which are not currently
            being catered for represent a gap in the market
            and therefore a marketing opportunity.

            garage (1) a building where motor vehicles are
            kept when not in use. (2) in Britain, a workshop
            where motor vehicles are repaired and where
            petrol and oil may usu. be bought.

            garage sale com. a sale, usu. in the garage of a


                evince -p 257 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            246 - garnishee order

            : ic d in
            private house, of second-hand articles use

            the home. Syn. yard a dge’s order obtained

            é r LAW a ju !
            — eee ve has been declared by the court

            a judgment creditor. It is sent - age Bae
            garnishees, who owe eee Caabing tcukii.
            debtor or who hold money belong . né
            The order directs them not to pay the money
            | | yr but to pay it either into
            to the judgment debto i Ine of the
            court or to the judgment creditor. One o
            garmishees is often the banker who holds
            money in the judgment debtor’s bank account.
            Such orders provide a means of making sure
            that a debtor’s money is used to pay his credi-
            tors and not put to his own use. Syn. garnish-
            ment.
            gas (U.S.A.) abbr. of gasolene, petrol.
            gate (1) money paid for admission to a sports
            ground such as a football ground: Gate money.
            (2) the number of persons that paid or the total
            sum paid: There was a record gate. (3) Gate
            pass, in a factory or warehouse, written per-
            mission to take stated objects or goods away
            from the place.
            GATT General Agreement on Tariffs and Trade.
            gauge v. to measure; to judge: Jo gauge the
            contents of a cask/of a water or petrol tank, using
            a gauging-rod. Also (U.S.A.) gage. Pron. gayj.
            n. (1) a standard measure of weight, size, etc.
            to which objects can be compared. (2) an
            instrument for measuring, esp. pressure,
            dimension and quantity: A rain/pressure/wire
            gauge. (3) TRANSPT. on a railway, the distance
            between the inside faces of the rails. Because g
            narrow-gauge lines are cheaper to build than «
            broad-gauge, many railways in newly develop- ¢
            ing countries were built to narrow gauges.
            About 60% of the total length of the railways
            of the world are of standard gauge, 4ft. 84 in.
            (1.44 m). Countries that have not adopted the
            standard gauge, in whole or in part, are listed
            below under broad gauge and narrow gauge.
            broad gauge any of a number of gauges that
            are broader than standard gauge: 5 ft. 6 in.
            (1.68 m) Argentina (part), Chile (part), India
            (part), Pakistan, Portugal, Spain, Sri Lanka;
            > ft. 3 in. (1.60 m) Australia (part), Ireland:
            5 ft. 0 in. (1.54 m) Finland, U.S.S.R.
            narrow gauge any of a number of gauges that
            are narrower than standard gauge: 3 ft. 6 in.
            (1.06 m) Australia (part), Indonesia, Japan,
            Mozambique, New Zealand, S. Africa, Sudan,
            Taiwan, Zaire, Zambia, Zimbabwe: metre (3
            ft. 3% in.) Argentine (part), Bangladesh,
            Brazil, Burma, Chile (part), India (part),
            Kenya, Malaysia, Switzerland (part), Tan.
            zania, Thailand, Tunisia, Uganda: 2 ft. 6 in. G
            (0.76 m) and 2 ft. 0 in. (0.61 m) Indi
            Standard gauge 4 f; ; ae o (part).
            al eange 4 It. 84 in. (1.44 m) railways in
            countries not listed under broad gauge or
            Narrow gauge above.

            es 1


            gazette (1) a newspaper. (2) a government pape;
            published regularly, giving official infor-
            mation: The London Gazette.

            gazump coM. (colloq.) when selling a house in
            Britain, to demand a higher price after a Price
            has already been agreed.
            g.b.o. goods in bad order. ‘ |
            G.C.C. Gulf Co-operation Council. Pai
            G.C.S.E. General Certificate of Secondary Fqy.
            cation.
            Gdns. Gardens. ;
            G.D.P. gross domestic product. ie oh
            G.D.R. German Democratic Republic (Ras;
            Ea:
            ck-gear. |
            Se s closely connected with; mov-
            ing with: The rate of interest on overdrafts is
            geared to the minimum lending rate. (2) com.
            made to meet certain conditions: A factory
            geared to batch production. Discounts geared
            to price-competition. The number of people we
            employ is geared to our highly seasonal trade.
            gearing FIN. (1) borrowing money at a fixed rate
            of interest and investing it to yield (produce)
            more than enough to pay the interest on the
            loan. (2) of a company’s capital, the relation
            between the amount of its loan capital (money
            borrowed at a fixed rate of interest) and its
            ordinary-share capital. Its gearing ratio 1S said
            to be high when there is a large proportion of
            fixed-interest capital to ordinary-share capital
            and low when the opposite is true. Syn.
            (U.S.A.) leverage. Opp. degearing.
            yelt (collog.) money; profit.
            general acceptance see under acceptance (5).
            seneral Accountancy Office (G.A.O.) PUB.
            FIN. in U.S.A., a government organization,
            under the Comptroller General, that helps
            Congress by examining public accounts to see
            that public money is received and spent prop-
            erly. Cf. National Audit Office (in Britain).
            jeneral agent see under agent.
            seneral Agreement on Tariffs and Trade
            (GATT) an international organization started
            by an agreement signed by 23 nations in
            Geneva in 1947 and now having over 80 mem-
            ber nations. It aims to encourage and develop
            multilateral trade between nations by obtain-
            ing lower tariffs and the abolition of quotas
            and other limiting rules that show favour to
            some countries and disfavour to others. It holds
            international conferences and has been very
            active in hegotiating reductions in tariffs on
            many articles and commodities. It has intro-
            duced an important international code of com-
            mercial behaviour. See Kennedy Round.
            ieneral Arrangements to Borrow FIN. the
            name of a document containing an agreement
            made in 1961 by ten countries (see Group of

            Ten) to provide standby credits extra to those
            r the standby arrangements of

            obtainable unde

            ee ee
            a

            es

            a
            a

            ee


                evince -p 258 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            ee 5 eae

            ational Monetary Fund. Such credits

            watt for use in an emergency and they
            one of the means by which members

            at I.M.F. can be helped if they get into
            temporary difficulty with their balance of pay-

            ts. Abbr. G.A.B.
            acai audit see completed audit under audit.

            general average see average (4). Abbr. g.a.;

            G/A; G.A.
            eneral average bond see average bond under

            : bond. Lemay
            general average contribution MAR. INSCE. a
            sum of money paid by a consignee to a ship-
            owner when a general average has been
            declared. The money is held in a general ave-
            rage fund until the adjustment of the average
            has been made.
            general Cargo see under cargo.
            General Certificate of Secondary Edu-
            cation a certificate given to persons who have
            passed an examination at secondary-school
            level in England and Wales. Abbr. G.C.S.E. It
            replaced the C.S.E. and G.C.E. certificates.
            General Conference on Weights and
            Measures see International Bureau of
            Weights and Measures.
            general creditor see under creditor.
            general crossing see crossed cheque under
            : cheque.
            _ general damages see under damages, n. pl.
            general delivery (U.S.A.) see poste restante.
            general endorsement see blank endorsement
            under endorsement.

            general equilibrium see under equilibrium.

            general equilibrium analysis see aggregate
            analysis.

            general expenses see overhead expenses under
            expenses.

            general grant see rate support grant under
            grant.

            generalist MAN. a person who has a good knowl-
            edge of many subjects. Opp. specialist.

            general ledger see ledger.

            general legacy see under legacy.

            general level of prices see price-level.

            general lien see under lien.

            general management trust see flexible trust
            under trust.

            general manager see under manager.

            general meeting see company meeting.

            general mortgage bond see under bond.

            general partner see acting partner under part-
            ner,

            general partnership see under partnership.

            general power see under power: power of
            attorney,

            ee Practitioner see family doctor. Abbr.

            general-purpose having many uses; not lim-
            ited to a particular use or purpose: A general-


            geometric average - 247

            purpose tool/machine/ Ifertilizer|insecticide/metal
            polish.

            general reserve see under reserves.

            general ship see under ship. |

            general store CoM. a shop, usu. in country
            areas, where many different kinds of goods can
            be bought, such as food and drink, clothing,
            tools and materials for cleaning and repairing
            houses, toilet articles, medicines, magazines,
            newspapers and stationery.

            general strike see under strike.

            General Theory of Employment, Interest
            and Money ECON. THEORY the book by J. M.
            Keynes, published in 1936, that completely
            changed world thought on the causes of the
            trade cycle. Keynes pointed particularly to the
            importance of: the national income and level
            of employment; the quantity of money; the
            rate of interest; the levels of investment, saving
            and consumption; and liquidity preference.
            See Keynes, J.M.

            general inion see industrial union under trade
            union.

            general warrant see under warrant.

            generator CoMP. a computer program that cre-
            ates other programs. It is used by systems
            designers in the production of application pro-
            grams.

            gentleman (1) formerly, in Britain, a man of
            good family, ranking below noblemen but
            above farm land-owners, esp. a person who did
            not need to work for his living. A gentleman of
            leisure. (2) nowadays, a man of polite manners,
            who has consideration for others and high
            moral character. He is a perfect gentleman, an
            honourable man. (3) any person of the male
            sex: The gentleman over there. Gentlemen’s
            hairdresser/tailoring/lavatory/toilet/cloakroom.
            Gentlemen p/. a greeting or salutation (polite
            form of opening) (a) for a business letter, esp.
            in U.S.A. Cf. Dear Sir(s). (6) at a meeting:
            Gentlemen, please be seated. Ladies and gentle-
            men, (may I have) your attention, please.

            gentieman farmer see farmer.

            gentleman’s agreement an informal agree-
            ment, considered to be binding in honour but
            not in a court of law. Syn. (U.S.A.) gentlemen’s
            agreement.

            geographical filing see under filing system.

            geographical mile see under mile.

            geography (1) the study of the earth. (2) a book
            dealing with this subject. (3) the natural and
            other surroundings of an area or place: He
            knows the geography of Cairo better than I do,
            can find his way better. See economic geogra-
            phy; commercial geography; physical geogra-
            phy. Adj. geographical.

            geology the study of the earth’s crust (hard
            outside covering), esp. of the rocks of which it
            consists. Adj. geological.

            geometric average see geometric mean.



                evince -p 259 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &



            248 - geometric mean

            ric mean a kind of average that

            calculating index numbe
            because it is not influenced by extreme quant
            ies to the same extent as the arithmetic mea
            It is always less than the arithmetic mean al
            is found by calculating the nth root of tl
            product of the quantities, where 7 1s the nut
            ber of quantities. Thus the geometric mean

            three quantities 3, 9 and 37 is the third or cul
            root of 3 x 9 x 37 = os, 999 = 9.996
            The arithmetic mean 3 + 5 + 37= 2 |

            geomet
            specially suitable fo

            is 16.3333.
            Syn. geometric average. =

            geometric(al) progression quantities a
            said to be in geometric progression when eas
            is equal to the one before it multiplied by
            constant number called the common ratio:
            3, 9, 27, etc., common ratio 3; or 16, 8,
            2, 1, common ratio 4. See Malthus, Thom
            Robert. Cf. arithmetic(al) progression; he
            monic(al) progression.

            geonomics see economic geography.

            geophysical surveying the work of examini!
            the earth’s crust (hard outer covering) for tl
            purpose of finding minerals.

            George Henry (1839-97), American writer a1
            economist. Having little education, he work:
            as clerk, seaman, printer and journalist. H
            argument was that land was the only factor
            production that did not increase in quantit
            and as labour and capital increased in pr
            ductivity, landlords had an undeserved adva
            tage. Rent was the cause of business cycle
            His book Progress and Poverty (1879) called f
            a single tax on all land, that would take aw:
            from the landlord all economic rent (tl
            income from the use of the basic land but n
            from improvements made to it) and for ;
            other taxes to be abolished. His plan was nev
            put into effect but his ideas made economi:
            re-examine the classical theory of rent.

            Germanischer Lloyd (G.L.) sHipG. the Ge
            man organization for surveying and classifyi1
            ships, corresponding to Lloyd’s Register
            Shipping in Britain. See classification societie¢

            g. gf. great gross.

            gharry TRANSPT. in the Indian subcontinent,
            cart or carriage drawn by an animal; a mot
            car or lorry; a railway coach or wagon. Sy
            vehicle. Gharry allowance, a sum of money pa
            monthly by an employer to an employee wil
            uses his own car for his employer’s busine:
            Syn. car allowance.

            ghosts ECON. & TAXN. (collog.) income-earne
            who escape paying income-tax because th
            are not known to the tax authorities.

            ghost writer a little-known professional writ
            who writes articles or books that are sold
            the work of other writers.

            to ghost v. to act as a ghost writer.

            rs
            it-
            id
            he
            N-
            of

            be
            7.

            is

            ll

            er
            as


            G.I. (U.S.A.) (1) government issue (propert
            (colloq.) an enlisted soldier (below officer
            in the U.S. Army.

            Gib. Gibraltar.

            Giffen good see Giffen’s paradox.

            Giffen’s paradox ECON. THEORY a Parado,
            (strange truth) pointed out by Sir Robert Giffen
            in the nineteenth century, that when cop.
            sumers, esp. those in the poorer classes, spend
            a very high proportion of their incomes on one
            commodity, such as bread, an increase jp the
            price can lead to an increase in demand fo,
            the commodity. This is because the deare,
            bread causes a great fall in real incomes ang
            greatly reduces the amount that consumers
            spend on more expensive foods such as meat,
            so they eat more bread in spite of its higher
            price. Similarly, if the price of bread falls, real
            incomes rise; consumers prefer to buy the more
            expensive foods and to eat less bread, in spite
            of its relative cheapness. Such a commodity is
            called a Giffen good or an inferior good. Syn.
            Giffen effect; negative income effect.

            gift Law property given as a present, 1.€. without
            consideration (payment of any kind). To be
            recognized by law, there must have been a
            clear intention to give, and a clear act of giving,
            either by personally delivering the property or
            by otherwise making a permanent transfer of
            ownership, such as by a deed of gift. Syn.
            donation.

            gift cheque BKG. a cheque printed in decorative
            form issued for a small extra charge by some
            banks for use by customers who wish to give
            presents of money on special occasions.

            gift, deed of see deed of gift.

            gifts inter vivos LAW & TAXN. gifts between
            living persons. In Britain, such gifts are liable
            to capital transfer tax unless they are between
            spouses (persons married to each other) or are
            below certain limits allowed by law.

            gift token com. a printed card or ticket, rep-
            resenting a stated sum of money, given as a
            present to someone who may use it instead
            of money to buy goods in a shop. Syn. gift
            voucher,

            gift-wrapping com. (1) ornamental paper,
            string, ribbon, labels, etc. for wrapping parcels
            containing gifts. (2) a service offered by retail
            shops of specially wrapping gift-parcels usu. in

            ‘return for a small extra charge.

            giga- the prefix used in the metric system of S.I.
            units to mean a thousand million times: |
            gigawatt (gW) = 1 000 000 000 watts (W).
            Gigabit, see bit.

            gild see guild.

            gilla unit of liquid measure in Britain, a quarter
            of a pint, 5 fluid ounces or 0.142 litres. Pron.
            jill. Abbr. gl.

            gilt-edged bill see under bill of exchange.

            gilt-edged securities (1) sTK. EXCH. & FIN.

            y). (2)

            rank)

            geet a a

                evince -p 260 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            sxed-interest securities issued or guaranteed
            by the British Government. (2) more generally,
            securities of the highest class, considered by
            investors to be without any financial risk. Syn.
            gilts. See British Funds; Funds, The; gilts.

            gilts STK. EXCH. gilt-edged securities collectively.
            exempt gilts certain gilts that do not have
            ‘ncome tax deducted from interest before it is
            paid.
            long gilts see longs.
            medium gilts see mediums.
            short gilts see shorts.

            gilts primary dealers FIN. & STK. EXCH. on the
            London Stock Exchange, a number of firms
            specially licensed by the Bank of England to
            sell, in competition with each other, newly-
            issued gilt-edged securities to the public. These ¢
            firms replaced the former arrangement that
            existed before October 1986 of a near-mon-
            opoly held by the Government Broker and two
            particular firms of jobbers.

            gimmick CoM. (collog.) any clever or unusual = ¢
            idea or trick intended to attract the attention,
            esp. as a method of selling something. Gim-
            mickry, the use of gimmicks as a way of increas-
            ing sales. Advertisements that show a lack of
            good taste. ¢

            ‘Ginnie Mae’ in U.S.A., a popular name for the
            Government National Mortgage Association
            (G.N.M.A.).

            girl Friday a girl employee who types lettersand ¢
            generally helps in an office. Cf. man Friday.

            g.i.p. glazed imitation parchment (a type of |
            paper).

            gip see gyp.

            Giro BKG. originally intended to be a cheap and
            simple means of making payments of money |
            for persons who have no bank account, the
            Giro systems on the continent of Europe, in
            Japan and more recently (1968) in Britain,
            have developed a number of additional services
            that give them some advantage over commer-
            cial banking systems.

            Bancogiro a simple system used on the conti-
            nent of Europe, allowing a payment by one
            customer of a bank to another customer of
            the same bank, by making only book entries
            debiting the payer’s account and crediting the
            payee’s account, no notes or coins being used.
            This method differs from the cheque system in
            that the payee’s account is almost immediately
            credited. Cf. Bank Giro.

            Bank Giro a free service offered by commercial
            banks in Britain by which a customer can make
            any number of payments by credit transfer to
            other parties who have bank accounts, and
            also, on payment of a small charge, to persons
            who have no bank account. The Bank Giro
            has no central organization but is run by the
            many branches of the banks. Cf. Bancogiro.
            National Giro in Britain, the government-

            glut - 249

            backed Giro system operated by the Post
            Office. All records are kept at a computerized
            Giro Centre at Bootle, Lancs. Having opened
            an account by depositing at least £20 at any of
            the 21,000 post offices in Britain, an account-
            holder can transfer sums from his account to
            any other account-holder’s account by comple-
            ting a transfer form; or he may send money
            to a non-account-holder by means of a Giro
            cheque that can be cashed or paid into a bank
            account. Cheques, etc. are posted to the Centre
            for credit. Cash is paid into, and can be with-
            drawn from, any post office. Extra services
            include standing orders, personal and bridging
            loans, cash cards and traveller's cheques, but
            not overdrafts. No interest is paid on deposits.
            yiveback MAN. (U.S.A. collog.) a reduction in
            salary offered by one or more employees, usu.
            of high rank, when their employer’s business
            is in difficulty. Syn. pay cut. Opp. pay rise,
            increment.
            yive on (1) STK. EXCH. to pay contango. (2) to
            lend stock to a broker in return for interest.
            Cf. take in.
            giver on n. a broker who lends stock to another
            broker. P/. givers on. Cf. taker in.
            yiver (1) STK. EXCH. a person who buys an option,
            so called because he gives money for it. (2) a
            buyer who arranges to delay paying for shares
            by giving interest to the seller.
            zl. gill.
            G.L. Germanischer Lloyd.
            glassine a greaseproof paper which, when
            treated, produces a transparent sheet used for
            wrapping goods and for windows in envelopes.
            Syn. glazed transparent greaseproof.
            Glass-Steagall Act BKG. in U.S.A., an impor-
            tant law passed in 1933 and still in force, that
            separated investment banking (the underwrit-
            ing of securities) from commercial banking
            (mainly the lending of money) and prevented
            both kinds of banks from performing certain
            other activities that banks in other countries
            are free to carry on. Named after Senator
            Carter Glass and Representative Harry
            Steagall who presented the law to Congress.
            Cf. the McFadden Act.
            glazed imitation parchment a kind of paper
            much used for wrapping food and tobacco.
            Abbr. g.1.p.
            glazed transparent greaseproof see glassine.
            glebe land land owned by a church, usu. having
            been bequeathed (given by will) to provide an
            income for the parish priest.
            globe-trotter TOUR. (collog.) a person who tra-
            vels frequently to places all over the world for
            the purpose of sight-seeing. Cf. rubberneck
            (U.S.A.).
            Glos. Gloucestershire, England.
            glut v. (1) to eat too much. (2) to feed (an animal)
            too much. (3) To glut the market, to cause a



                evince -p 261 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            oe eS

            250 - gm

            - supplying far more of a commodity

            om : likely to. be demanded, thus causing
            prices to be unreasonably low.
            n. AGR. & COM. a great excess, caused by over-
            production, in the supply, esp. of perishable
            goods (those likely to go bad quickly), such as
            foodstuffs.

            gm gram(me). d

            gm?, g/m? grams per square metre, metric
            method for measuring weight of paper.

            g.m.b. good merchantable brand.

            g. mile geographical mile.

            g.m.q. good merchantable quality.

            G.M.T. Greenwich Mean Time.

            G.N.M.A. Government National Mortgage
            Association (‘Ginnie Mae’).

            gn(s). guinea(s).

            Gnomes of Zirich (collog.) Central-European,
            esp. Swiss, financiers, many of whom have
            banks in Zirich, Switzerland; they are some-
            times held to be responsible for bringing poli-
            tical influence to bear secretly in difficult
            international financial situations, such as sud-
            den flights of capital from one market centre
            to another.

            G.N.P. gross national product.

            go n. (collog.) a success: We must make a go of
            it.

            v. to move, esp. away or along. To go back on
            one’s word, to fail to keep. To go ex, (of a
            share/stock) to go ex-dividend/bonus/etc. for a
            limited time during which buyers lose the right
            to receive the dividend/bonus/etc. about to be
            paid. To go private, (of a public company) to
            become a private limited company. To go pub-
            lic, (of a private company) to become a public
            limited company. To go short, (in share-dealing
            speculation) to sell shares before actually own-
            ing them, in the expectation that the price will
            fall and that it will therefore be possible to buy
            the shares more cheaply later in the same
            account period. To go under, to fail financially.
            go-ahead adj. active; eager to get ahead in
            business. Syn. enterprising.
            goal definition MAN. the early phase of many
            management performance appraisal systems,
            where the organization agrees with an individ-
            ual his or her performance goals for the next
            period. Goal definition is important in manage-
            ment by objectives systems.
            g.0.b. good ordinary brand.
            go-between a person who acts as agent or
            representative between two other persons, esp.
            in the course of negotiations. Syn. intermedi-
            ary; middleman.
            God, Act of see Act of God.
            — Garbler see under Organization, Laws
            of.
            godown in India and the Far East, a storehouse
            or storeroom. Syn. warehouse.


            a

            go-getter (collog.) a determined Person who i |
            always ready to fight for what he wants :

            go-go fund see performance fund under mutual
            fund.

            going concern a business that is trad
            ily and profitably and is likely to ¢
            do so, being in no danger of becomin
            (unable to pay its debts). Such a business if
            sold, will attract an extra sum of money known
            as goodwill, in addition to the value of its fixed
            assets.
            going rate the rate current in the market: 7p,
            going rate of interest/yield is 6%. The going rate
            of pay for freelance typists is £4.00 per hour
            gold bars see bullion.
            gold bond see under bond, n.
            gold-brick (1) (collog.) a dishonest imitation: a
            worthless article sold by a dishonest person
            who pretends that it is valuable, such as a brick
            that appears to be of solid gold but is in reality
            lead with a thin coat of gold. (2) (U.S.A. collog.)
            an idle person who avoids work.
            gold bullion standard see under gold standard.
            gold card CoM. & BKG. a special kind of credit
            card issued by some banks to their rich cus-
            tomers, which gives the card-holder all the
            advantages of an ordinary credit card and
            certain additional rights, such as to have an
            overdraft and draw up to a fixed amount of
            cash, say £300, per day from the bank’s cash
            dispensers.
            gold digger (1) a miner who digs for gold on or
            near the surface. (2) (collog.) a woman who
            uses her charms to persuade men to spend
            money on her.
            golden handcuffs MAN. large payments made
            to key employees to prevent them being
            attracted away by competing organizations.
            These often take the form of low-interest or
            interest-free loans which the employee would
            find expensive or impossible to redeem.
            golden handshake MAN. (collog.) a sum of
            money, usu. large, paid as compensation for
            loss of employment by a company to a high
            employee who is being forced to retire early or
            to leave its employment. Cf. golden hello.
            golden hello MAN. (collog.) a sum of money,
            often large, paid by an employer to a new
            employee to attract him or her away from other
            possible employers. Such payments may be
            hidden by being called removal allowance or
            relocation grant. Cf. golden handshake.
            golden parachute MAN. a special arrangement,
            made in advance, for a sum of money, usu.
            large, to be paid as compensation to high
            employees of a company if they lose their
            jobs usu. because the control of the company
            changes hands. Cf. golden handshake. Similar
            sums paid to employees of lower rank are called
            tin parachutes.

            INg stead.
            ontinue to
            g INSolvent



                evince -p 262 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            gold exchange standard see under gold stan-
            rd.

            sldfield an area where gold is mined.
            old, fine see fineness. |

            gold-mine (1) a mine from which gold ore (rock
            containing gold) is obtained. (2) (collog.) any
            property that produces much profit. He wrote
            a book that soon became a gold-mine, brought
            him a large income. The business is a gold-mine,
            is highly profitable.

            gold point FIN. under a gold standard system,
            when there exists a free market in gold, the
            limit of the amount by which the rate of ex-
            change between the currencies can vary from
            the mint par of exchange. This variation can
            only be between two points, called gold points,
            one just below and one just above the par
            rate, the difference being fixed by the costs of
            transporting the metal from one country to
            another. Outside these limits it would be more
            profitable to export or import gold than to pay
            or be paid by a bill of exchange. Syn. specie
            point.

            gold reserve(s) see under reserves.

            gold-rush a rush of miners and others to an
            area where gold has just been discovered.

            gold standard FIN. a monetary system formerly
            used by many countries, under which the value
            of the standard unit of currency was by law
            made equal to a fixed weight of gold of a stated
            fineness. Thus the rates of exchange between
            various gold-standard countries remained
            fixed, which helped international trade, but
            the system limited the power of the monetary
            authorities to control the supply of money in
            fighting inflation and unemployment. Under a
            full gold-standard system, such as existed in
            Britain from the 1870s to 1914, gold coin and
            bullion (bars of gold) could be freely imported
            and exported; gold coins circulated freely; and
            the central bank bought and sold gold in any
            quantity at the fixed price. The system was set
            up again by 1928 in a limited form but it broke
            down in the 1930s. After the Second World
            War some countries in Europe agreed to make
            their currencies freely convertible into gold for
            international payments only, thus forming a
            gold standard that was entirely external. Vari-
            ations of the gold standard are:
            gold bullion standard a limited form of gold
            standard such as existed in Britain from 1925
            to 1931, under which the Bank of England
            would sell gold bars in return for bank-notes;:
            imports and exports of gold were controlled,
            gold coins were not in circulation, and single
            notes were not convertible into gold on
            demand. Syn. limited gold standard.
            gold exchange standard a limited form of gold
            Standard used from 1925 to 193] by some
            of the smaller countries, esp. the group of
            Scandinavian countries, under which the cen-

            goods - 251

            tral bank would exchange the currency of its
            Own country for a fixed amount of the currency
            of a particular country which was on the gold
            standard, and not for gold. Gold coins did not
            circulate, and reserves were held, not of gold
            but of the particular gold-standard currency
            chosen.

            good fo the good, in a state of profit: After this
            contract I shall be £1000 to the good. Syn. better
            off. Opp. to the bad.

            good average quality see under merchantable.

            good, economic see under goods (7).

            good faith honest intentions: We acted in good
            faith, not knowing that we were risking your
            money. See utmost good faith; bona fides.

            good, Giffen see Giffen’s paradox.

            good, inferior see Giffen’s paradox. |

            good merchantable quality see under quality.
            Abbr. g.m.q.

            goods (1) LAW & com. all personal movable
            property other than money and certain claims
            to money: Goods and chattels, personal pos-
            sessions. (2) any article or commodity that is
            the subject of manufacture or trade: The goods
            we make. The trade in leather goods. Duty-paid
            goods. Goods of high quality. Syn. merchandise.
            (3) TRANSPT. things carried by rail; rail freight:
            A goods train, one for carrying things, not
            passengers (U.S.A. freight train). Goods depot/
            yard/wagon|truck/lift.
            goods in transit merchandise that is in the
            course of being carried by rail, ship, air, etc.
            measurement goods see separate entry.
            (4) MAR. INSCE. in marine insurance policies,
            cargo consisting of merchandise (things bought
            or sold) and excluding deck cargo, live animals,
            personal effects of the crew and passengers,
            and stocks of food and materials for use on the
            voyage. (5) TAXN. see dutiable goods. (6) Com.
            & IND. see dry goods; fancy goods; soft goods:
            wet goods. (7) ECON. THEORY commodities and
            services that have a price, i.e. that are useful
            and scarce. See economic goods below.
            capital goods all goods that are made with the
            intention of using them to produce other goods.
            They themselves do not satisfy Man’s wants
            directly but are necessary for making goods
            which do, e.g. machines, industria] buildings
            and raw materials. Cf. consumer(’s) goods. Syn.
            producer(’s) goods; production goods; invest-
            ment goods.
            consumer(’s) goods goods in everyday use, such
            as food, clothing, household goods, and per-
            sonal services, such as those of doctors, den-
            tists, hairdressers; goods that directly satisfy
            the needs of the public. Syn. consumption
            goods; hard goods. Cf. producer(’s) goods:
            investment goods; capital goods. See consumer
            durables; consumer non-durables.
            convenience goods see separate entry.
            durable goods see separate entry.


                evince -p 263 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            252 - goods in progress

            economic goods goods and services that are
            both useful and scarce and iurereforesRaNe., a
            price. They are of two kinds, producer s g :
            and consumer’s goods. No other goods are 0
            interest to the economist. Cf. free goods.
            ethical goods see separate entry.

            fancy goods see separate entry.

            fashion goods see separate entry. be
            free Soe ‘gifts of nature’ that have utility

            (usefulness) and give satisfaction but are not
            scarce. They have no exchange value and no
            price and for this reason are of no interest to
            the economist. An example is the air around
            us. Cf. economic goods. Syn. original goods.
            hard goods see consumer durables.
            household goods see household.
            impulse goods see impulse buyer.
            inferior goods see inferior good.
            intermediate goods goods that are in course of
            manufacture and are still unfinished.
            investment goods see capital goods above.
            original goods in economic theory, the free gifts
            of nature. See free goods above.
            piece-goods see separate entry.
            poor man’s goods see inferior good.
            prestige goods see prestige.
            producer(’s) goods see capital goods above.
            production goods see capital goods above.
            prohibited goods see prohibit.
            (8) (collog.) The goods, (a) the real thing, not
            an imitation: These pearls are the goods. (b) just
            what is wanted or expected: He gave us the
            goods, what was needed. To deliver the goods,
            see deliver the goods.

            goods in progress (U.S.A.) see work(s) in
            progress.

            goods-in-transit policy see under insurance
            policy.

            goods train see goods (3).

            goodwill (1) com. the advantage possessed by
            an established business over a new business.
            The attractive force that brings in customers.
            (2) LAW the right to use and to profit from
            the established name and connections of a
            business. (3) FIN. the capital value of an intan-
            gible asset, that is the right to receive the extra
            profits which an established business may be
            expected to earn, over and above the normal
            earnings for a similar business. (4) AcctTs. (in
            the buying of a company or other business) the
            amount by which the purchase price of the
            company is greater than the real value of its
            assets. Opp. negative goodwill or ill goodwill,
            the amount by which the real value of the
            company’s assets is greater than the purchase
            pais of the company. See intangible assets
            under assets; cost of control; goin
            Also good will (U.S.A.). ae

            “aot eee ene ean
            work. Syn, enabling p — them in their

            goon IND. REL. in U.S.A., a person hired to
            make trouble between employers ang
            employees. et AG

            go-slow IND. REL. a situation where, instead of
            striking, the employees of a factory or other
            organization work very slowly and find eve
            excuse they can to slow down production or
            the speed of service. Syn. ca’canny; work ty
            rule; (U.S.A.) slow-down.

            Gosplan in U.S.S.R., the central planning ay-
            thority, responsible for carrying out the eco.
            nomic policy of the government. The word jg
            a short form of Gosudarstvennyy Planovy Komj.
            tet or State Planning Committee.

            Gov., gov. government, governor.

            governed economy see mixed economy.

            government actuary see under actuary.

            government bill see Treasury bill (2).

            government bond see under bond.

            Government Broker FIN. & STK. EXCH. in Bri-
            tain, the stockbroker officially appointed bro-
            ker to the National Debt Commissioners; his
            duty is to buy and sell government securities
            on the Stock Exchange as directed by the
            Bank of England, usu. buying stock in order to
            support the price and selling later when support
            is no longer needed. Cf. special buyer.

            government investment see public invest-
            ment under investment.

            Government National Mortgage Associ-
            ation (G.N.M.A.) popularly called ‘Ginnie
            Mae’, in U.S.A., a large government corpor-
            ation set up in 1968 to support with finance a
            wide programme of building homes for the
            people. The association issues Mortgage-
            Backed Securities (M.B.Ss.) to raise money,

            and it acts in the secondary mortgage market,
            guaranteeing payments on securities, being
            itself backed by the U.S. government. Cf. ‘Fan-
            nie Mae’.

            government securities FIN. & STK. EXCH.
            fixed-interest loan stock issued by the govern-
            ment of a country. In Britain such securities are
            known as gilt-edged. Syn. government stock.

            government security see under security.

            government stock see government securities.

            governor (1) MAN. a person placed in charge
            of the management of an Organization: The
            Governor of the Bank of England. (2) one of a
            group of persons forming a governing body or
            board of governors, in control of an organization
            such as a school. Abbr. Goy.; gov. (3) see
            guv nor.

            Govt., govt. government.

            G.P. general practitioner.

            Gp. gp. group.

            G.P.O. General Post Office; in U.S.A., Govern-
            ment Printing Office.

            Gr., gr. gross; gram(me); grain.

            grab to seize suddenly, greedily or by force. Up
            for grabs (collog.) (1) can be taken by anyone


                evince -p 264 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &



            who wants it. (2) up for sale to the first (or

            highest) bidder.

            e days of grace. ;
            pss sealed (U.S.A.) a railway level-cross-

            grading (1) COMMOD. EXCH. the accurate classi-
            fication of a commodity, such as wheat, into
            groups according to quality, in order to make
            buying and selling possible without having to
            examine the stock of the commodity itself. The
            quality of some commodities, such as tea, 18 so
            variable that grading is not possible without
            examining samples of each shipment before
            buying, which in this case is usu. by auction.
            (2) IND. the process of setting up a fixed system
            which ranks the jobs within the organization
            in terms of difficulty and capabilities required
            and therefore rates of pay. Each job is given a
            level known as a grade within the range of
            jobs.

            grading, labour see job evaluation.

            graduate (1) in Britain, a person who has taken
            a university degree. (2) in U.S.A., a person
            who has received a diploma at a school or
            college.

            graduated payment mortgage see under
            mortgage.

            graduate recruitment MAN. the practice of
            taking on graduates immediately after univer-
            sity, with the hope that they will one day
            provide the potential for senior management.
            Most large corporations have graduate recruit-
            ment schemes. See also milk round.

            graft (1) (collog.) gaining an unfair or dishonest
            advantage by influence or by bribery. Graft
            and corruption. (2) honest work: Hard graft,
            hard or difficult work.

            grain n. (1) a small unit of weight, originally a
            dried grain of wheat, and the smallest unit of
            the troy measure, equal to 1/480 of an ounce
            troy, or 0.648 decigrams (dg). (2) AGR. the seed
            of any of the grasses that are grown for food,
            such as barley, maize, oats, rice, rye and wheat.
            Syn. (in Britain) corn. (3) collectively, such
            seeds in general: The grain harvest/trade. A
            grain broker. Abbr. gr.; pl. grs.

            grain capacity (of a ship) the total Cargo-space
            that can be used for carrying grain. Cf. bale
            cubic capacity. Syn. grain cubic capacity.

            grain elevator AGR. & COM. (1) a mechanical
            arrangement for lifting grain into a building
            for storage. (2) the building itself. Cf. granary.

            grain silo AGR. & COM. see granary.

            gram a unit of weight in the metric system,
            one-thousandth part (0.001) of a kilogram or
            0.03527 oz. avoirdupois. It equals the mass of
            one cubic centimetre (cm3) of water at 4°C.
            Also gramme. Abbr. g; gm: gr.

            granary COM. & AGR. a special building for

            Storing grain. Syn. grain silo; grain elevator:
            grange. |


            grant-in-aid - 253

            grand (colloq.) in Britain, one thousand pounds

            (£1000). In U.S.A., one thousand dollars
            $1000).

            aeeKda aes TRANSPT. (French, high speed)
            in Europe, by fast goods train or passenger
            train, as distinguished from petite vitesse (P.V.),
            ordinary goods train or slow train. Abbr. G.V.

            grange AGR. (1) a granary. (2) a country house
            with farm buildings, often the home of a gentle-
            man farmer.

            grant (1) LAW the conveyance (formal transfer
            of ownership) of land. (2) FIN. a sum of money
            given usu. by the government for a particular
            purpose such as a student's grant, on which he
            can live while studying. (3) in Britain, money
            provided by the central government to local
            government authorities to be spent on the ser-
            vices which they provide for the public in their
            areas:
            block grant in Britain, a sum of money given
            annually by the central government to a local
            government authority to cover its expenses in
            connection with a particular service or activity,
            such as the police. Cf. capitation grant; general
            grant. In U.S.A., money given by the Federal
            Government to a State government. _
            capital grant in Britain, money provided by
            the central government to a local government
            authority for an approved project, usu. for new
            roads, street lighting, land drains.
            capitation grant in Britain, an annual payment
            by the central government to a local govern-
            ment authority, usu. for a special purpose,
            based on an equal amount of money per head
            (for each person), such as a grant for school
            libraries of an amount for each schoolchild.
            Cf. block grant; rate-support grant.
            death grant see separate entry.
            equalization grant see rate-deficiency grant
            below.
            general grant see rate-support grant below.
            investment grant see separate entry.
            rate-deficiency grant in England and Wales, an
            annual grant paid by the central government
            to the poorer local government authorities in
            order to reduce inequalities in the amount
            collected as rates on property. In Scotland it is
            called an equalization grant.
            rate-support grant in Britain, the largest of the
            grants made annually by the central govern-
            ment to the local government authorities. It is
            calculated mainly according to size and density
            of population, the number of schoolchildren,
            the proportion of old or very young persons,
            and the amount of money that the local auth-
            ority can obtain from rates on property in its
            area. Abbr. R.S.G. Syn. general grant.
            specific grant see block grant above.

            grantee LAw a person to whom a grant is made.
            Cf. grantor. Syn. donee.

            grant-in-aid (1) FIN. money provided by a


                evince -p 265 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &


            254 - grantor

            government to a colony or dependent countr
            to be spent on local public services. (2) i:
            Britain, all grants made by the central govern
            ment to local government authorities othe
            than the rate-support grant. P/. grants-in-aid.
            grantor LAW a person who makes a grant, esp
            a conveyance of land. Cf. grantee. Syn. donor
            principal.
            graph see chart (2).
            graphic arts CoM. & ADVTG. those which us
            lines, shading, type, etc. to express ideas o1
            flat surfaces. They include drawing, painting
            engraving and typography but not sculpture
            modelling, etc. See commercial art.
            graphics comp. the presentation of informatior
            in the form of graphs and diagrams by com.
            puter, either by using the standard letters anc
            signs in a printer, or by use of a visual display
            unit.
            block graphics those made up of letters, num-
            bers and signs used in the printer. Syn. mosaic
            graphics.
            dot graphics those using the dots of a pin o1
            stylus printer.
            mosaic graphics see block graphics above.
            grass To put someone out to grass, (collog.) to
            Cause a person to retire because he has reached
            the age-limit.
            grassland (1) AGR. land on which grass is grown,
            either as pasture or as grazing, on which the
            animals eat the grass as it grows, or as a crop
            of hay for fodder. (2) land on which the natural
            plant cover is grass, with few trees. Cf. forest;
            pasture.
            gratification something that pleases; a reward
            or tip. Illegal gratification, a bribe: bribery.
            gratis for nothing; free of cost: without pay-
            ment: Catalogues/price-lists/samples supplied
            gratis.
            gratuitous LAw given free and without asking
            for any consideration (payment in return): Gra-
            tuitous help/advice/relief.
            gratuitous coinage see free coinage under coin-
            age.
            gratuity (1) a tip. (2) a sum of money given to
            a retiring employee for long service, or to a
            member of the armed forces at the end of a
            fixed period of service.
            graving dock see dry dock. | :
            gravy (collog. mainly U.S.A.) (1) things given
            by an employer to an employee extra to his
            normal pay. (2) money that is easily earned:
            To be on the gravy train, to have a well-paid
            but easy job. To be very rich.
            grazier AGR. a farmer who keeps animals on
            grassland in order to fatten them for market.
            grazing AGR. land on which farm animals graze,
            le. eat the growing grass. Syn. grassland; pas-
            ture.
            grease (collog.) n. a bribe; money paid in
            advance for services that would not otherwise

            be given, or that should
            palm-grease; palm-oil.
            v. (1) to bribe: To grease someone’s
            help by removing difficulties or
            money: To grease the wheels
            raising government spending.
            greaseproof a kind of paper made Specially fo,
            wrapping small quantities of greasy foods.

            Great Britain see United Kingdom of Great
            Britain and Northern Ireland.

            Great Depression Econ. the period from about
            1929 to 1935 which was marked by very low
            economic activity and extremely high unem-
            ployment in most countries of the world, caus-
            ing much poverty and suffering. See
            depression; trade cycle under cycle.

            great gross see under gross, n. Abbr. g.gr.

            great hundred see hundred.

            greenback BKG. & FIN. (collog.) in U.S.A., a
            bank-note issued by the U.S. Government, usu.
            printed in green on one side.

            green belt an area of open country in Britain,
            usu. surrounding a town, in which new building
            is strictly controlled.

            green Card TOUR. & INSCE. a document carried
            by a motorist touring in a foreign country,
            declaring that in the event of an accident

            he is insured against claims by third parties
            (persons who are not parties to the insurance
            contract).
            green currencies FIN. & AGR. under the Com-
            mon Agricultural Policy of the European Econ-
            omic Community, the artificial rates of
            exchange used to convert farm support prices
            in all member countries into members’ own
            currencies. These rates are expressed in agri-
            cultural units of account (A.U.A.), a special
            form of the ecu. See green pound.
            greenfields (1) sTK. EXCH. (collog.) new compan-
            ies that are formed to undertake new ventures
            carrying high risks in return for high reward.
            They are unlisted companies, and in some cases
            their shares may be bought and sold in the
            unlisted securities market. (2) FIN. & IND. (col-
            log.) land which has never been built On, esp.
            land which is to be used for the first time for
            buildings: A greenfields site.
            greengrocer CoM. a shopkeeper who sells vege-
            tables and fruit. Cf. grocer.
            greenmail FIN. & STK. EXCH. (U.S.A. colloq.)
            unfair action of a company in buying back
            its own shares from certain, usu. troublesome
            shareholders at a price higher than the market
            price, thus offending the principle that all
            shareholders should be treated equally.
            green pound FIN. under the Common Agricul-
            tural Policy of the European Economic Com-
            munity the popular name given to the British
            pound sterling expressed in units of account.

            This value is used for calculating payments due

            by Britain to the Common Agricultural Fund,

            not be given. Syn.

            Palm. (2) to
            by providing
            of industry by


                evince -p 266 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            Fund to Britain whenever the

            f exchange of the pound differs
            in units of account. See

            and by that
            market rate O
            from its value as fixed

            oe aan AGR. the very great increase
            oi raed place in several less-developed
            thal ied since about 1960 in the production
            of foodgrains, made possible by using new,
            improved varieties of high-yielding seeds,
            mainly of wheat, maize and rice. Among the
            countries that have so far shown the greatest
            progress are Mexico, the Philippines, India,
            Pakistan and Sri Lanka. ,
            Greenwich Mean Time by international |
            agreement, the time accepted as the standard
            on which all measurements of time throughout
            the world are based. It is the time of day at
            Greenwich, a town near London on 0° longi-
            tude. Thus Greenwich Mean Time is the time
            shown on a Clock at Greenwich at any instant
            of local time anywhere in the world. Syn.
            Greenwich Standard Time; Greenwich Time;
            West(ern) European Time. Abbr. G.M.T.
            Greenwich Time-Zone a standard time-zone_ ¢
            using Greenwich Mean Time and consisting
            of: in Europe, the Faroe Is., Great Britain,
            Ireland and Portugal; in Africa, Algeria,
            Ghana, Morocco, Sierra Leone and various
            other West African countries but not Nigeria.
            Syn. West(ern) European Time.
            greeting in a letter, the polite or friendly open-
            ing words. In a business letter, usu. Dear Sir,
            or Dear Madam to a person (sometimes, in a
            circular letter Dear Sir or Madam); to a firm
            or company, Dear Sirs, or (esp. in U.S.A.)
            Gentlemen. In a personal letter, Dear Mr Smith, C
            Dear Mrs Jones, Dear Miss Robinson, are more
            formal than Dear John, etc. For close friends
            many use My dear James, and for a relation,
            Dearest James. Syn. salutation. g
            Gresham’s Law FIN. a natural tendency, g
            wrongly supposed to have been first stated by
            Sir Thomas Gresham, financier and founder
            of the London Stock Exchange in the sixteenth
            century, that ‘bad money drives out good
            money, but good money can never drive out
            bad money’. Where two kinds of coin or cur-
            rency of unequal values exist together in the
            same country, the more precious will be
            hoarded (stored secretly), or be melted down,
            or be spent on foreign exchange, leaving the
            less precious in circulation.
            grey market see under market. |
            grievance (1) a real or imaginary reason to g
            complain against a wrong: To have a grievance g
            against someone. (2) IND. REL. a disagreement g
            between an employer and a worker who feels gi
            that he has been treated unjustly. In most
            countries that have a system of collective bar-
            mnie hae Coat ; Menpetions and trade
            nt on the process, gi

            ae


            gross misconduct - 255

            called grievance procedure, by which such dis-
            agreements may be settled. af :
            grind n. (collog.) uninteresting and tiring work.
            dgery. .
            high! AE to drive a hard bargain; to
            force a seller to accept a low price: To grind
            someone down. |
            grocer CoM. a shopkeeper who sells groceries
            i.e. food, esp. sugar, dried fruits, tinned and
            packaged foods, and also materials for clean-
            ing, such as soap. Cf. greengrocer.
            grocery the trade of a grocer: He runs a grocery
            ness, sells groceries. ,
            ie Ths ACCTS. a quantity or a sum of
            money, whole; entire; without anything
            deducted: Gross weight, the full weight of a
            package before taking off any nae S
            packing, etc. Gross interest/income/ yiel , the
            full amount receivable before allowing for
            income tax. Cf. net. Abbr. Gr.; gr.; Grs.
            n. COM. a unit of 12 dozen or 144 articles. Abbr.
            er. Great gross, 12 gross, or 1728 articles. Abbr.
            . gr.
            eae average see general average under aver-
            age (4).
            yross domestic product ECON. THEORY that
            part of the gross national product (G.N.P.)
            remaining after taking away the country’s net
            income from abroad. It is a measure of the
            total of incomes received by residents only for
            production carried out within the country. As
            with the G.N.P., the it may be calculated at
            constant prices, at market prices or at factor
            cost. See gross national product. Cf. gross
            world product (G.W.P.). Abbr. G.D.P.
            ross equivalent CoM. & FIN. a net amount
            plus an amount needed to bring it up to the
            original gross amount before any deduction
            was made. See grossing-up.
            ross income see under income.
            rossing-up COM. & FIN. the calculation of the
            gross equivalent of a net amount, i.e. a calcu-
            lation that puts back a percentage deduction
            so as to change a net figure into a gross figure.
            Example : To gross up, i.e. to calculate the gross
            dividend G from a tax-free dividend paid net


            of 30% tax or 30p in the £.
            - NOOB et 100
            Se Et oa gag oe ee 70
            If V = £100
            G = £100 x ~ = £142.86

            Opp. netting down.

            ross interest see under interest.

            ross investment see under investment.

            ross loss see under loss.

            ross Margin com. the difference between the
            retail and the wholesale price, i.e. the retailer’s
            gross profit usu. expressed as a percentage of
            Sales. Cf. net margin. See margin (5).

            fOSS misconduct MAN. extremely bad, perh.



            - 2 bi te ttn Ai - _
            Pl Loe St eS) SS eee ts

            = ——— me Ee ae
            p et ae EE i, pa TS

                evince -p 267 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            256 - gross national product

            imi behaviour by an employee. In such

            Se employee rights such as periods of
            notice no longer apply in many cOUntTIes. ‘ie

            gross national product ECON. ee ~
            total wealth earned or brought into et
            in a particular year by a country. It is the Ene
            value of all the goods and services produced
            by the country during that year including net
            income from abroad, before allowing for
            depreciation and for any reduction 1n the stock
            of capital goods. It is calculated in three differ-
            ent ways: at constant prices, adjusted to allow
            for changes in the value of money over a
            period; or at market prices for comparison with
            similar figures for other countries; or al factor
            cost, for use when measuring the part played
            by the various factors of production. Syn. gross
            product. Cf. net national product; gross dom-
            estic product; gross world product. Abbr.
            G.N.P.

            gross output see under output.

            gross product see gross national product.

            gross profit see under profit.

            gross receipts ACCTS. & FIN. the total amount
            of money received, before taking away any-
            thing for expenses. Cf. net receipts.

            gross (register) tonnage see under tonnage.
            Abbr. G.R.T.

            gross return STK. EXCH. & FIN. the total amount
            received by a shareholder from dividends and
            capital appreciation on his shares during a
            given period.

            gross sales aAcctTs. the total value of all sales
            made by a business before taking off amounts
            allowed to customers as credits for goods retur-
            ned, goods over-invoiced, etc. Cf. net sales.

            gross ton see long ton under ton. Abbr. Gro. t.;
            Gr. T.

            gross tonnage see gross register tonnage under
            tonnage. Abbr. Gro. t.

            gross value TAXN. of a property, the annual
            value, a figure based on the annual rent which
            a tenant might be expected to pay for the
            property, if he pays the rates and taxes, and
            the landlord bears the cost of repairing and
            insuring it. In Britain, the gross value is the
            basis for calculating the rateable value of pre-
            mises (the value on which rates are deter-
            mined).

            gross wage see under wage.

            gross world product ECON. THEORY the total
            income from all goods and services of all the
            countries of the world; it is the world’s total
            income and is used as a standard when con-
            sidering world trade. For example, the rise in
            oil prices in 1973 and 1979 increased the total
            income of oil exporting countries from 4 to
            % Of gross world product. Cf. gross domestic
            product (G.D.P.); gross national product
            (G.N.P.). Abbr. G.W.P.

            gross yield see under yield.

            Gro. t. gross tons/tonnage.

            ground (1) STK. EXCH. of stock and share prices
            To gain ground, to rise, advance in price. Ty
            lose/give ground, to go down, become lower jp
            price. (2) SHIPG. the bottom of the sea, esp.
            under and in the area around a ship. Se,
            grounding.

            groundage (1) SHIPG. a charge made to ship-
            owners by a port for the space used by a ship
            when it is anchored within the limits of the
            port. Cf. berthage. (2) harbour dues generally,

            ground crew TRANSPT. persons employed to
            keep aircraft in good repair, such as mech-
            anics; or to manage the running of an airline,
            such as ground hostesses, whose duties do not
            normally require them to fly. Cf. aircrew.

            ground floor see floor (2). :

            grounding (1) SHIPG. & MAR. INSCE. the running
            of a ship on to the ground, where it is held,
            usu. for only a short time. Cre stranding. (2)
            TRANSPT. an order preventing an airman, esp.
            a pilot, from flying or an aircraft from being
            flown. (3) STK. EXCH. of stock and share prices,
            touching the bottom: Prices will be grounding
            soon, reaching their lowest level, after which
            they will rise.

            ground landlord see under landlord.

            ground rent see under rent.

            group accounts see under accounts, n. pl. |

            groupage SHIPG. the practice, by forwarding
            agents, of grouping together several small con-
            signments in one bill of lading. See groupage
            bill of lading under bill of lading.
            groupage rates freight rates for small consign-
            ments grouped together in a single bill of lad-
            ing, as distinguished from rates for large
            shipments. Syn. grouping.

            grouping see groupage.

            group insurance see under insurance, classes
            and kinds of; a/so insurance policy.

            group of companies STK. EXCH. a combination
            of companies that are legally independent but
            which make up a group consisting of a parent
            company and one or more subsidiary com-
            panies or affiliates each of which the parent
            company controls because it holds more than
            half its share-capital. Abbr. Gp.

            Group of Five FIN. a group of five countries
            (Britain, France, West Germany, Japan and
            U.S.A.) who agree to meet and act together to
            keep exchange rates steady. Abbr. GS.

            Group of Seven FIN. the seven most industrial-
            ized of the 24 member-nations of the Organiza-
            tion for Economic Co-operation and De-
            velopment (O.E.C.D.) who met in Paris,
            Washington and Venice in 1987 and agreed to
            stabilize (make steady) their currencies with
            the aim of making world economic growth
            easier. The 7 countries are Britain, Canada,
            France, Italy, Japan, the U.S.A. and West
            Germany. Their work has not so far shown


                evince -p 268 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &


            inly because of political prob-
            much sucorst, OT ee ete Abbr. G7
            lene N. a group of ten relatively rich
            Group of Ten FI B :
            _ 4.ctrial countries which have agreed to lend
            ing to the International Monetary Fund
            TEE ) when required. The ten members are:
            SE Canada, France, Italy, Japan, the
            Netherlands, Sweden, West Germany, the
            United Kingdom and the U.S.A. See General
            Arrangements to Borrow. Syn. The Paris Club.
            Abbr. G10. ’
            group pension policy see under insurance pol-
            owt, economic see economic growth.
            rowth fund see under mutual fund.
            growth-income fund see under mutual fund.
            growth industry IND. one that is expected to
            grow faster than others.
            growth share or stock STK. EXCH. a security
            that is much favoured by investors because it
            is likely to increase its earnings in the future
            at a faster rate than other securities, thus
            increasing its market price and bringing the
            present investor a capital gain.
            growth/share matrix MAN. the best-known
            example of portfolio management, a frame-
            work devised by the Boston Consulting Group
            in the U.S.A. Products or businesses are div-
            ided into four categories: cash cows, stars,
            question marks and dogs, depending upon
            whether they have a high or low relative market
            share, and whether their market has a high or
            low growth rate. Syn. Boston grid. See also
            portfolio management. |
            growth vector matrix MAN. a framework for
            corporate planning devised by Ansoff in the
            1960s which helps classify opportunities for
            growth. The main ideas it employs are whether
            the opportunity for growth lies in current or
            new markets, and whether it is based upon
            existing or new product types. Different ap-
            proaches to corporate planning are appropriate
            for different classifications.

            Grs. gross.

            grs. grains.

            G.R.T. gross register tonnage.

            Gr. T. gross ton.

            grub-stake (collog.) money given to a writer so
            that he may live while writing a book.

            Grub Street formerly a street in London where
            poor writers lived and worked. The words now
            mean undistinguished writers in general.
            adj. grub-street writing/prose, of low quality. A
            grub-street hack (a poor writer).

            gr. wt. gross weight.

            gS. guineas.

            g.S.m. grams per square metre; (of) good, sound,
            merchantable (quality).

            G.S.M. general sales manager.

            G.S.T. goods and services tax (New Zealand).
            gt. great.

            guarantee fund - 257

            gu. guinea.
            guar. guarantee(d).
            guarantee (1) a promise given by a manufac-
            turer or other supplier in writing, that the
            article sold is of good quality and that he
            will make good any faults for which he is
            responsible, if claimed within a stated period,
            usu. a year. Cf. indemnity. Syn. warranty,
            maker’s guarantee, guaranty, surety. Abbr.
            guar. (2) LAW a promise by a third person who
            is not a party to a contract to become liable if
            one of the parties fails to perform his duty
            under the contract. Syn. suretyship. (3) LAW a
            person to whom a guarantee is made or given.
            (4) BKG. see bank guarantee. (5) BKG. & COM.
            one of certain bank guarantees (see separate
            entry) that exporters must arrange when tender-
            ing to foreign customers, esp. government
            nts.
            So igtters guarantee one required by the cus-
            tomer, usu. in the form of a bond for 5 7o tO
            10% of the value of the contract, to be effective
            until the contract is completed.
            tender guarantee one demanded by the cus-
            tomer for a small percentage, such as 2% to 5%
            of the total value of the contract, the purpose
            being to test the financial reputation of the
            exporter, and to protect the customer if the
            exporter fails to sign the contract if it 1s
            awarded to him. iis
            guarantee, company limited by see limited
            lability company under company.
            guaranteed annuity see under insurance pol-
            ICY. =.
            jhe oie bill see backed bill under bill of
            exchange.
            guaranteed debenture see under debenture.
            guaranteed impressions ADVTG. a method
            of placing advertisements, in which a certain
            number of appearances of the advertisement
            are guaranteed but the advertiser has no con-
            trol over where or when the advertisements
            will be placed. The cost of this method is lower
            than if the advertiser specifies exactly when or
            where an advertisement is to be placed.
            guaranteed income bond see single premium
            policy under insurance policy.
            guaranteed prices aGRr. certain minimum pri-
            ces for various farm products, such as corn and
            cattle, which a government has promised to
            farmers in order to encourage production. If
            the market price falls below these guaranteed
            prices, the farmers receive the difference in the
            form of a subsidy.
            juaranteed stocks sTK. EXCH. in Britain,
            stocks issued by the nationalized industries,
            the interest on which is guaranteed by the
            government. They are therefore gilt-edged
            securities.
            juaranteed wage see under wage.
            juarantee fund stk. EXCH. a fund of money



                evince -p 269 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            258 - guarantee payments

            ondon Stock Exchange for paying
            he public mee are when
            ber of the Stock Exchange falls.
            adharienvel payments IND. payments nee?
            an organization to an employee when t en
            no work available but a contractual obligation
            exists to pay wages, ¢.g. when no were ie
            available for short periods such as a day on
            which machinery breaks down. ;
            guarantor LAW & BKG. a person who binds
            himself by an agreement witha banker or other
            creditor to be responsible for paying the debt
            of another person if he fails to pay when It Is
            due. Syn. a surety.
            guaranty LAW a legal form of the word guaran-
            tee. Syn. suretyship.
            guaranty bond see under bond, n.
            guardian LAw a person possessing the legal right
            and duty to protect another person who cannot
            manage his personal affairs, such as an infant
            (in Britain, a person under 18 years of age) or
            someone who Is insane.
            guest-house a house where paying guests may
            stay; a high-class boarding house where the
            owner personally looks after the guests. Cf.
            boarding house; hotel; motel.
            guide (1) a person employed to show travellers,
            esp. tourists, the way and to point out and
            describe places of interest. Cf. courier. (2) a
            guide-book, a book that gives information for
            travellers esp. about places of interest.
            guide price see under price.
            guild ECON. HIST. one of the many associations,
            religious, commercial and professional, that
            played an important part in the economic
            organization of Europe, esp. in the twelfth
            and thirteenth centuries. The powerful guilds
            merchant or merchant guilds, consisting of inter-
            national traders, gradually developed into craft
            guilds of skilled master craftsmen and specialist
            traders. These craft guilds largely controlled
            industry, introducing periods of apprentice-
            ship, setting standards of workmanship and
            fair trading, protecting the interests of their
            members and taking a large part in local
            government. They lost their importance with
            the rise of large-scale industry, but some still
            exist, mainly as charities. Also gild.
            guild socialism ECON. HIST. a movement calling
            for a special form of socialism based on bring-
            ing back the self-governing craft guilds (see
            guild) that controlled industry in Europe in the
            Middle Ages. The idea was first put forward
            in 1906 and led to much discussion; after the
            1914-18 war some working guilds appeared
            at first to be having some success: but the
            movement had failed by 1925, mainly because
            of lack of interest by the workers and the
            difficult financial situation of the times.
            ee a former British gold coin first issued in
            the seventeenth century, made of gold from

            kept by the L
            members of t


            Guinea, and originally worth 20 Shillings. Its
            value later varied much but by 1717 settled “t
            21 shillings. In 1821 it was replaced by the
            sovereign, worth 20 shillings. As a unit for
            charging some professional services and for
            pricing some luxury goods, the guinea remaj.
            ned in use until recently, Abbr. g.; gn.; gu, Pl
            S.

            uaiieeald director see under director.

            Gulf MAR. INSCE. in marine insurance, the Guif
            of Mexico.

            Gulf Co-operation Council (G.C.C.) ,
            group of countries on the Arabian Gulf who
            have agreed to work together to improve the
            economic condition of the area by setting up
            and expanding industries other than the pro-
            duction of oil. Trade between members is
            mainly tariff-free. Members: Bahrain, Kuwait,
            Oman, Quatar, Saudi Arabia, and the United
            Arab Emirates.

            Gunter’s chain see chain.

            guv’nor (collog., governor) (1) in Britain, a title
            of respect used by some persons when speaking
            to a person of higher rank or position: Good
            morning, guv’nor. Syn. (colloqg.) gaffer. (2) (with
            the) the person in charge, esp. of a workshop
            or factory: Let me speak to the guv'nor. (3)
            father: My guv’nor has financed me.

            G.V. grande vitesse.

            G.W.P. gross world product.

            gyp v. (U.S.A. collog.) to cheat; to rob by deceit.
            Also gip. Pron. jip.

            n. (1) a person who gyps. Also gypper. (2) in
            Britain, a college servant at Cambridge and
            Durham Universities.

            ha hectare.

            habeas corpus Law (Latin, if you have the
            body) a court order directing that a person who
            is being held in prison shall be brought before
            the court to determine whether his imprison-
            ment is legal. Pron. haybyas corpus.

            haberdasher com. (1) in Britain, a shopkeeper
            who deals in small articles connected with
            dress, such as ribbons, tapes and buttons. The
            trade is called haberdashery. (2) in U.S.A., a
            shopkeeper who sells men’s clothing.

            habitant (French, an inhabitant) a French settler
            in Canada or U.S.A. Pron. abiton.

            hacienda acr. (Spanish, landed property) in
            Latin America, a large country house with land
            that is usu. extensively farmed to raise cattle.
            Syn. ranch. Pron. athyenda or asyenda.

            hack an undistinguished and unoriginal writer
            who writes only what he is told to write or
            bases his work on that of other people. Cf.
            ghost writer. See Grub Street.


                evince -p 270 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            hackwork the work of a hack; unoriginal writ-
            ing done to order. ; ie

            hackney-carriage TRANSPT. in Britain, orlg-
            inally a horse-drawn carriage kept for hire.
            Now, any vehicle which plies for hire, 1.€. is
            driven round the streets looking for hirers. Syn.
            taxi; cab; taxi-cab. 7

            had (collog.) To be had, to be deceived, cheated:
            I have been had by that cheat. See have. _

            haggle com. to bargain to excess before agreeing
            to buy or sell. Also higgle.

            Hague Rules LAW & SHIPG. since 1921, a set of
            internationally accepted rules governing the
            carriage of goods by sea, esp. the rights and
            duties of carriers in relation to bills of lading.

            half a bar (collog.) half a pound or 50 pence.

            half a century (collog.) fifty pounds (£50).
            half-and-half see fifty-fifty.

            half a ton (colloq.) fifty pounds (£50).

            half-commission man STK. EXCH. a person
            who, though not himself a broker, introduces
            clients to a stockbroker and receives half the
            broker’s commission as payment. Syn. remisi-
            er.

            half-dollar a silver coin of U.S.A., 50 cents.

            half-dozen half a dozen, six.

            half-title (1) a page bearing the title of a book,
            sometimes in shortened form, placed before
            the title page. (2) a page bearing only the title
            of a part or subdivision of a book.

            halftone a printing-block or other means of
            reproducing photographs or other pictures, in
            which various tones (degrees of shading or
            colour) are obtained by dots of varying sizes.

            hallmark (1) in Britain, an official mark or
            marks that must by law be stamped on gold,
            silver and platinum articles to show that the
            metal has been assayed (tested) and that it is
            of the right purity. See assay office. (2) generally
            any mark of good quality: Our name on an
            article is the hallmark of excellence, shows that
            it is of the highest quality.

            hall test apvTG. a form of marketing research
            in which consumers are invited into a central
            place such as a hall or van and asked their
            opinions on products, advertisements, etc. This
            method is commonly used in the testing of new
            products.

            halt 7. TRANSPT. & TOUR. a temporary stop; a
            stopping-place.
            v. STK. EXCH. to stop: The upward movement of
            prices was halted by news of a miners’ strike.

            halves To go halves, to share equally: Let us go
            halves on the expenses/losses| profits.

            hamlet in England, a group of a few houses in
            the country, too small to be called a village,
            often without a shop, bank or bus service.

            hammer n. com. the instrument used by an
            auctioneer when he strikes his desk to mark
            nee of the auction, the article being sold

            ast person to bid before the hammer

            handle - 259

            falls. To come/go/fall under the hammer, to be
            sold by auction.
            v. STK. EXCH. (1) until 1970, to announce for-
            mally in public, by blows of a hammer to call
            attention, that a named member of the Stock
            Exchange could not pay his debts. The member
            was said to be hammered. He had to stop
            trading until his debts were at least partially
            paid and he obtained permission to start trad-
            ing again. (2) To hammer the market, to sell
            large quantities of a security at one time, thus
            using a rapid fall in price. | |

            eee (fh “ea box-like basket with a lid,
            used esp. as a container for storing or transport-
            ing clothing. (2) a box or basket containing a
            gift of a collection of good food and drink: A
            Christmas hamper. ,

            Hancock annuity see under annuity.

            hand (1) IND. a manual worker (one who works
            with his hands): A factory-/farm-/mill-hand. We
            employ 100 hands, 100 persons. (2) SHIPG. one
            of the crew of a ship: All hands on deck! the
            entire crew. The vessel was lost with all hands.
            A deck-hand. (3) CoM. Hand-picked, carefully
            chosen. Living from hand to mouth, having to
            spend money as soon as it is received. Hand-
            to-mouth buying, buying only as much as is
            immediately needed. First-hand, second-hand,
            see separate entry. Note of hand, a promissory
            note. Jo have (something) on hand, to have it
            ready for immediate use. To have (something)
            on one’s hands, something one is trying to sell.
            To shake hands on a bargain/deal, to express
            agreement that it is binding. (4) accTs. Cash/
            balance/stock in hand, actually held; ready for
            use; possessed.

            handback COM. & STK. EXCH. a sum handed
            back, i.e. a discount, esp. by a stockbroker to
            a large client such as a bank, thus reducing his
            amount of commission.

            handbill aDvtc. a printed sheet of paper bearing
            a notice or an advertisement, usu. given out or
            delivered by hand.

            handbook (1) a small book giving directions on
            how to use or repair something, such as a
            machine. (2) a guide-book.

            handful (collog.) five pounds (£5).

            handicapped persons persons suffering from
            some bodily disadvantage, such as the loss of
            a limb or an eye, or from a nervous illness,
            such as epilepsy. In Britain, government help
            is given in training such persons for employ-
            ment in factories and offices. Syn. disabled
            persons.

            handicraft any skilled work done mostly by
            hand in a small workshop, such as making
            pottery. Handicraftsman, a person who prac-
            lises a handicraft. Syn. craft.

            handle (1) com. to deal in, as an article of trade:
            We do not handle medical books, we do not
            Stock or sell them. We handle spare parts for


                evince -p 271 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            260 - handling

            _ (2) to hold or move with the hands:
            A Seite ols ys men to handle paper from one
            machine to another. Cashiers handle money. Do
            not handle the goods, don’t touch. (3) to attend
            to, to manage, to deal with a matter: He is
            handling this problem. I handle only staff matters.
            She is good at handling the boss. et
            handling (1) COM. & IND. the work of receiving,
            storing, packing and sending away goods: Our
            staff are skilled in handling heavy goods. See
            materials handling. .
            handling charge a charge made for packing and
            dispatching goods, esp. for small orders when
            labour costs are a high proportion of the value
            of the order.
            (2) TRANSPT. the moving of goods from one
            means of transport to another, or to the place
            where they are to be delivered. See arrival (2).
            cargo handling the work of loading and unload-
            ing ships and aircraft.
            unitized handling the transport of goods by
            container.
            (3) LAW Dishonest handling, the crime of receiv-
            ing and selling stolen property.

            handling expenses see under expenses.

            hand-out (1) a printed or typed statement
            handed to press reporters as news. (2) ADVTG.
            a free sample. (3) anything given away, such
            as food to the poor.

            handsel see earnest.

            handshake see golden handshake.

            hands, show of when voting at a meeting, the
            act of each person in raising his hand to show
            whether he votes for or against a motion (pro-
            posed course of action). The chairman is able
            to judge by the number of hands raised whether
            the motion is won or lost. Cf. poll.

            handy (1) convenient: A handy pack or package,
            easy to use, open, or carry, esp. in the pocket
            or handbag; of convenient size. (2) skilful with
            the hands: He is handy about the house.
            handyman a person employed to do repair jobs,
            often needing some skill with the hands.

            hangar TRANSPT. a large building for sheltering
            aeroplanes on an airport.

            Hansard the name given to the official printed
            record of the members’ speeches and decisions
            in the British Parliament.

            Hanseatic League, The ECON. HIST. a union
            (Hanse) of certain towns (numbering over 70
            at times) in northern and central Germany,
            formed in the thirteenth century to help one
            another in defence and in trading in the Baltic.
            It became most powerful and, by the fourteenth
            and fifteenth centuries, was controlling all
            trade in northern Europe. Its importance in
            history lies in its development of orderly com-
            merce, its improvements in shipbuilding, and
            its system of mercantile and maritime law. It
            slowly declined in the sixteenth and seven-
            teenth centuries and came to an end in 1699.

            Hants. Hampshire, England.
            harbour a safe place of shelter for ships. q¢ it
            also provides a safe landing-place for People
            and goods, and facilities, such as docks, Whar.
            ves, cranes, for loading and unloading ships, it
            is called a port. Syn. haven. (U.S.A., harbor.)
            a harbour of refuge a harbour with no Port
            facilities.
            artificial harbour one made by man, usy. hj
            building walls called breakwaters out from the
            land.
            natural harbour a place that provides shelter for
            ships without needing man-made breakwaters
            harbourage (1) the shelter given to ships by 4
            harbour. (2) a harbour. (3) shelter of any king,
            esp. living accommodation for travellers.
            harbour dues SHIPG. money payable by the
            owner of a ship for the use of a harbour and
            the services provided there, usu. based as a
            charge per ton on the ship’s net register ton-
            nage. See tonnage. (U.S.A., harbor dues.)
            harbour master SHIPG. the head official respon-
            sible for the orderly working of a harbour or
            port, esp. in seeing that the rules regarding the
            mooring and berthing of ships are obeyed.
            (U.S.A., harbor master.)
            hard n. SHIPG. a beach, foreshore, or bed of a
            river where the ground is hard enough to lay
            up a ship. A landing-place for boats.
            hard cash see under cash.
            hard copy see print-out.
            hard currency see under currency.
            harden sTK. & COMMOD. EXCH. of prices, to rise
            steadily: Shares hardened towards the end of
            The Account. Copper hardened during the day.
            hard goods ECON. see consumer durables.
            hard loan see under loan.
            hard money see under money.
            hard selling ADvtTG. the use of unpleasantly
            powerful methods of advertising and selling a
            product, by continually repeating its name and
            good qualities. Syn. high-pressure Selling. N.
            (colloq.) a hard sell.
            hard up (collog.) poor: short of money.
            hardware (1) com. metal articles for use in the
            home or workshop, such as pots and pans,
            tools, locks, nails, screws, and instruments for
            measuring. A hardwareman (syn. ironmonger)
            is one who sells hardware (syn. ironmongery)
            in a hardware store (syn. home centre). (2) COMP.
            in data processing by computers, the computer
            itself, with its mechanical, electronic and elec-
            trical parts, as distinguished from the programs
            that decide and control the working of the
            computer. Cf. software.
            harmonic mean an average arrived at by
            adding together the reciprocals of all the indi-
            vidual quantities, dividing by the number of
            quantities and taking the reciprocal of the
            result. Example : to find the harmonic mean of
            3 + 5 + 7: Add the reciprocals: 4 + 4 +


                evince -p 272 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            1°" 0/333"> 0.200 + 0.143 = 0.676; 0.676 +
            3 = 0.225, the reciprocal of which is 4.44 =
            harmonic mean. The harmonic mean Is always
            less than the arithmetic mean, which in this
            case is 5.00. The harmonic mean 1s useful in
            comparing average speeds over various dis-

            tances and in solving statistical problems in

            transport.
            harmonic(al) progression a set of numbers

            is said to be in harmonic(al) progression if the
            reciprocals of the numbers form an arithmetic
            progression. Example: 4,4, 4, 4. Cf. arithmeti-
            c(al) progression; geometric(al) progression.
            harmonization (1) the standardizing of prac-
            tices and policies across national boundaries.
            (2) ACCTS. & LAW standards issued by the E.E.C.
            to make company law and financial reporting
            largely the same throughout member countries.

            Harrod Sir Roy Forbes (1900-78), English econ-
            omist, follower of J.M. Keynes and teacher
            of economics at Oxford University. His most
            important works were his theory of economic
            growth, relating Keynesian teaching to the
            passing of time, as expressed in his book,
            Towards a Dynamic Economics (1948); and his
            part in developing the Harrod—Domar model
            of economic growth, a mathematical analysis
            of the causes of trade cycles.

            harvesting strategy MAN. a strategy of retain-
            ing the maximum possible profit from a prod-
            uct or business and keeping investment to a
            minimum. Cash cows are often treated in this
            way.

            hatch sHIPpG. (1) an opening in the deck of a
            ship to allow cargo to be loaded into and
            unloaded from one of the ship’s holds. (2) a
            cover for such an opening. Aft/forward hatch.
            Pl. hatches. Syn. hatchway.

            hat money see primage.

            Hatton Garden the street in the City of London
            in which is situated one of the world’s main
            markets in diamonds and other jewels.

            haul v. TRANSPT. to drag; to pull or move with

            force; to transport, esp. heavy goods, by road,
            rail or canal. An engine/locomotive hauls a train.
            Trucks hauling coal.
            n. (1) the act of hauling: A lorry ready for the
            haul across Europe. (2) a distance over which a
            load is hauled: A long/short haul. (3) a quantity
            obtained by hard work: A haul of fish. (4)
            valuable articles stolen by a thief: The burglar
            got away with his haul.

            haulage TRANSPT. (1) the moving of heavy loads
            by road, rail or canal: The haulage industry. A
            haulage contractor. (2) the charge made for
            hauling, esp. by railway, canal or port authorit-
            les, for moving trucks and wagons for ship-
            owners.

            haulage contractor see contract carrier under
            Carrier.

            haulier see contract carrier under carrier.

            eS aaa


            hazard - 261

            hauling stock TRANSPT. on the railways,
            vehicles such as engines, locomotives that are
            provided with power to haul carriages and
            wagons. Cf. rolling stock.

            have (collog.) to cheat: To have a person, to cheat
            him. See had.

            haven see harbour; tax haven.

            hawk com. to sell goods in the streets, usu. from
            a cart or from door to door. Cf. peddle.

            hawker CoM. a street-seller; one who sells small
            cheap articles which he carries about the streets
            on a cart, calling from door to door or selling
            at the side of the road. Cf. peddler; pedlar.
            Syn. street-trader. |
            share-hawker STK. EXCH. see share-pushing.

            Hawthorne effect IND. REL. the improvement
            in the workers’ state of mind when they are
            given a sense of belonging to an important
            group whose co-operation 1s needed by the
            employer. To the surprise of economists and
            industrialists, experiments made from 1927 to
            1932 by Harvard professors in the Western
            Electric factory at Hawthorne, near Chicago,
            U.S.A. showed that the productivity of factory
            workers depends not only on wages and hours
            of work but more on the way they feel towards
            their employers.

            Hawtrey Sir Ralph George (1879-1975),
            English economist, high Treasury official and
            later professor at the Royal Institute of Inter-
            national Affairs (Chatham House). He wrote
            on currency, banking, employment, and the
            trade cycle; Currency and Credit (1919), The
            Art of Central Banking (1937), Capital and
            Employment (1937), The Balance of Payments
            and the Standard of Living (1950) are among
            his main works.

            hay and straw measure | truss = 56 lb old
            hay, or 60 lb new hay, or 60 lb straw. 36 trusses
            = | load.

            Hayek F.A. (1899- ), Austrian economist, writer
            and teacher; Nobel prizewinner, 1974. As a
            member of the Austrian School of economists,
            he has argued strongly for free enterprise and
            against interference by the State in economic
            life. His most important work has been on the
            theory of the trade cycle. His books include:
            Monetary Theory and the Trade Cycle (1929)
            Prices and Production (1931), The Pure Theory
            of Capital (1941), The Road to Serfdom (1944).
            | l¢ probability of, a loss from a par-
            ticular peril (great danger), e.g. the carrying of
            petrol in leaking containers in a car Is a fire
            hazard. Syn. peril.
            moral hazard the possibility of dishonest behav-
            lour or carelessness by the insured or by his
            employees which would increase the risk of a
            loss arising.
            occupational hazard see separate entry.




                evince -p 273 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &



            - hazardous, depending on chance, risky: 4
            ee i tipi speculation/undertaking.
            H & C, h & c hot and cold (water supply).
            H/C, h/c held ee (insurance).
            dland).
            Hid. Darien person oF animal: We charge ¢£:
            head. He owns 4000 head of sheep/cattle. 4
            hl cia Me lagtk : 2) the
            head tax, see capitation tax under tax. (
            chief person, leader, of an organization: The
            head of the firm, the senior partner. Head:
            of departments/divisions, Of Divisional/depar f:
            mental heads. (3) the front part of a ship: Dowr
            by the head, the front of the ship lower in the
            water than the back. 7
            headed letter-paper paper printed with d
            heading, usu. the name of an organization, its
            address, telephone and telex numbers, etc. Syn.
            headed notepaper. See letterhead.
            headhunt v. (colloqg.) to search for persons to join
            an organization as executives, i.e. employees
            carrying fairly high responsibility, such as
            managers. Syn. recruitment of senior staff. 7.
            the operation of headhunting. Thus, head-
            hunter, an employment agency. A/so a person
            who unfairly persuades an employee to leave
            one job and accept another with him.

            head office the chief or central office of a

            business organization, from which controlling

            directions are given to its branch offices: The

            bank has its head office in Cairo and twenty

            branches in other parts of Egypt. Abbr. H.O.
            head share see under share.

            head tax see capitation tax under tax.

            headword (1) a word that heads, or begins, a
            paragraph or chapter. (2) in a dictionary, the
            first word of an entry or article: A dictionary
            containing 10,000 headwords.

            health see industrial hygiene.

            health and safety IND. the measures an organ-
            ization is legally required to take to protect the
            well-being of its employees. The term orig-
            inates from the Health and Safety at Work Act
            in the U.K.

            Health and Social Security, Department
            of (D.H.S.S.) the British government depart-
            ment (recently split into two departments) that
            administers the National Health Service and
            the national insurance and industrial injuries
            scheme. It also directs the welfare and public-
            health services that are run by local govern-
            ment authorities. See National Health Service;
            national insurance.

            health, bill of see bill of health.

            health insurance see national insurance; pri-
            vate health policy; medical expenses policy
            under insurance policy.

            Health Service see National Health Service.

            hearing LAW a trial in a court of law.

            heavy industry see under industry.

            mene lift sHIPG. a piece of cargo that is too

            cavy to be handled by the ship’s derricks, and

            needs special cranes or hoists to lift it.
            heavy-lift ship a ship provided with special]
            cranes or other arrangements for lifting very
            heavy loads on to or off the vessel. )
            heavy market STK. & COMMOD. EXCH. in Britain,
            a condition in the stock or commodity markets
            when prices are falling and buyers are slow ty
            buy. But in U.S.A. it can mean the opposite.
            i.e. that the market is active, the volume of
            business is heavy, but without necessarily any
            great change in prices.
            hectare a metric measure of area, 100 ares, oy
            10,000 m2, or 1/100th of a square kilometre. |
            ha = 2.471 acres; 1 acre = 0.405 ha. Abbr.
            ee the prefix used in the metric system
            of S.I. units to mean one hundred times: |
            hectolitre = 100 litres; 1 hectogram = 100
            grams; but note 1 hectare = 100 ares.
            hedge fund see under mutual fund. 3
            hedging (1) COMMOD. EXCH. an operation
            adopted by merchants and others in the com-
            modity markets who deal in futures to protect
            themselves against risk of loss, caused by future
            changes in price. Thus a merchant who has
            bought a quantity of a commodity will sell
            futures to an equal value so that he is certain
            of a fixed price when the time comes to sell
            his goods. A buyer, such as a manufacturer,
            however, will buy futures in order to make
            sure of a fixed price for his future supply of
            materials. Both these operators are hedging.
            Syn. covering. See commodity exchanges;
            futures contract. (2) FIN. & STK. EXCH. oper-
            ations similar in purpose to those described
            above for commodity markets are carried out
            in the foreign-exchange and stock and share
            markets. Thus when an investor, in times of
            inflation, buys equities (ordinary shares) at a
            lower.return than he can get from fixed-interest
            securities, he is hedging against inflation
            because he expects the market value of equities
            to rise faster than the fall in the value of money.
            heel see counterfoil.
            heir LAw one who inherits (receives by right) the
            land and property of a person who has died,
            either under a will made by the dead person
            or, if there is no will, then because they are
            related, e.g. father and son, husband and wife,
            brother and sister. Fem. heiress, a female heir.
            heirloom an article, such as a picture, that has
            long been possessed by members of one family
            and passed down, e.g. from father to son, again
            and again.
            helicopter TRANSPT. a special kind of aircraft
            or flying machine which can lift itself straight
            up from the ground, hover (stay still in the air
            without Moving in any direction) and come
            Straight down gently without running along the
            ground. Syn. (collog.) chopper; copter.
            helipad see heliport.


                evince -p 274 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            TRANSPT. a place where helicopters may

            land and take off. Syn. helipad.

            Hellenic Register of Shipping pine a
            Greek society responsible for chec a .
            safety and fitness of ships registered oe ,
            society and for classifying them. The Gree
            equivalent of Lloyd's Register of Shipping in
            Britain. Abbr. H.R. .

            hereditament LAw real property, i.e. land and
            buildings.
            corporeal hereditament one that actually exists
            in the form of earth, bricks, etc.
            incorporeal hereditament a right to an income or
            benefit from a corporeal hereditament without
            having the rights of ownership.
            industrial hereditament see separate entry.

            heritable bond see under bond, n.

            Herts. Hertfordshire, England.

            hhd. h’hd. hogshead.

            Hi Hawaii, U.S.A.

            Hicks Sir John Richard (1904— ), English econ-
            omist, taught economics at the Universities of
            London (Lecturer, L.S.E. 1926-35), Manches-
            ter (Professor, 1938-46), and later at Cam-
            bridge and Oxford. Nobel prizewinner (1973)
            for his work on the theory of equilibrium in an
            economic system. He has also done valuable
            work in carrying further the ideas of J.M.
            Keynes on the economics of growth. Among
            his many books are: Value and Capital (1939);
            A Contribution to the Theory of the Trade Cycle
            (1950); A Revision of Demand Theory (1956),
            Capital and Growth (1965). He makes frequent
            use of mathematical methods.

            hidden asset see assets.

            hidden damage SHIPG. damage which is not
            noticeable at the time when the cargo is
            unloaded from the ship, but which is dis-
            covered when a close examination is made.
            Opp. apparent damage.

            hidden inflation see under inflation.

            hidden reserve see under reserve.

            hidden tax see under tax.

            hidden unemployment see under unemploy-
            ment. |

            hierarchical data base comp. a data base
            structure in which the data is organized into
            levels, each level only being accessible through
            the previous one. Cf. relational data base.

            hierarchical structure MAN. a reporting struc-
            ture in organizations, based upon each level
            having increasing authority. Syn. pyramid
            Structure. Cf. matrix structure.

            higgle see haggle.

            high STK. EXCH. of prices, a high point or level:
            a situation in the market when prices are rela-
            tively high. To reach an all-time high, to rise to

            the highest price ever. Opp. low.

            high and low srk. Excu. in share-price tables.
            figures Showing the highest and lowest selling
            price of a share during the past year, sometimes

            heliport
            regularly

            highway ° 263
            and

            adjusted (changed) to take account of cash

            ear.
            bonus issues made during the y :
            High Commissioner the chief representative
            in the (British) Common-

            ber state 1
            oral ae acions to another, equivalent to
            an ambassador. His office 1s called a High

            se ubuned STK. et a security
            s a high rate of interest. rey
            High Eourt a Justice LAW In Britain, the
            lower branch of the Supreme Court of Judica-
            ture that consists of: the Queens Bench Div-
            ision; the Chancery Division, the Family
            Division. Appeals are heard by the Court of
            Appeal, the upper branch of the Supreme
            ourt. oo
            ssiahed National Certificate in Britain, a ap
            tificate given to students who have passe
            the Ordinary National Certificate examination
            and have completed a further two-year part-
            time course at one of the higher educational
            institutions. Among the many subjects for
            which the certificate is granted, 1s business
            studies. Cf. Ordinary National Certificate
            (O.N.C.). Abbr. H.N.C.
            higher-rate tax see income tax.
            high finance FIN. the control by rich and power-
            ful financiers of lending and investment deals
            on a large scale, often of a highly complicated
            and sometimes risky nature.
            high-level language see under language.
            high-rise building a very tall building for
            offices or flats. Cf. low-rise.
            high-roller (U.S.A. collog.) a person who gam-
            bles wildly; an investor who puts money into
            risky ventures.
            high seas SHIPG. & LAW any part of the seas and
            oceans which is not under the ruling power of
            any country; the open sea outside territorial
            waters, where all persons are free to come and
            go as they please, provided that they obey the
            rules of international law.
            high-season fare see under fare.
            High Street (1) often the actual name of the
            Main street in a town or village. (U.S.A. Main
            Street.) (2) words used to describe the sort of
            shops found in most shopping centres in Bri-
            tain, esp. in towns: A plan to give High Street
            co-operative stores a new appearance.
            high-tech any product or business thought to
            be technologically advanced.
            high water sHIPG. high tide; the highest level
            that the sea reaches in a single Swing (rise and
            fall) of the tide. Opp. low water. Abbr. H.W
            highway TRansPT. in law, any road or track
            along which the public have the right to pass
            and repass. In general, a road, esp. a main
            road, fit for motor traffic.
            Highway Code in Britain, a set of rules pub-
            lished by the government to guide persons
            using the highway, esp. drivers of vehicles.


                evince -p 275 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            264 - high-yielders

            high-yielders STK. EXCH. stocks
            give a high yield and are som
            always, more rch than other
            ioh-j me snares.
            ero celding fund see under mutual fund. =
            hike (1) TouR. to walk long distances, usu. for
            | foot. Cf. hitch-hike. N.
            pleasure; to tour on [00 : d-
            hike; hiker. (2) COM. to increase Or raise su
            denly: To hike prices. N.a price-hike. ce
            hill-station TOUR. in hot countries, a place hig
            in the mountains to which people go, esp. in
            summer to escape from the heat of the plains,
            such as: Simla, Darjeeling, Ootacamund in
            India; Murree in Pakistan.
            hinterland CoM. & TRANSPT. (1) the area served
            by a trading centre such as an inland city. (2)
            an inland area of which the greater part of the
            trade passes through a single port. Syn. back
            country.
            hire v. (1) to employ (a person); to pay wages for
            a worker’s services: A hired man/woman, a
            person who helps in the home. We have hired
            50 additional mill-hands. (2) to pay money for
            the temporary use of something: A hired car.
            To hire a horse/taxi/bus/ship. Cf. rent. See hire-
            purchase.
            to hire away (U.S.A.) to tempt a person away
            from his job by offering him more money or
            better conditions. Syn. (Britain) to entice away;
            to poach. See head-hunter.
            to hire out to let out for rent or hire, i.e. to
            allow a person the use of something in return
            for payment of money, usu. based on a certain
            length of time, e.g. £1 per hour, £50 per week,
            £500 per month/year.
            n. the wages or money paid for somebody’s
            services or for the use of something. A good
            labourer is worth his hire. Plant-hire, money paid
            for the use of plant (machines, equipment and
            buildings for manufacturing things). For hire.
            A car-hire firm.
            hire-and-fire see fire.
            hire-purchase agreement Com. & FIN. a form
            of consumer credit, being a contract to hire an
            article with the right to buy it, i.e. become its
            owner only when the last instalment has been
            paid. Until then the article remains the prop-
            erty of the hirer/seller although used by the
            buyer. The agreement (which must always be
            in writing) is usu. made between the customer
            and a hire-purchase finance house which buys
            the article from the shopkeeper and hires it to
            the customer, but in some cases the finance
            house advances the money to the shopkeeper,
            using as security the shopkeeper’s _hire-
            purchase agreement with the customer. Cf.
            deferred-payment agreement. Syn. easy terms.
            hire-purchase company see finance house
            hire-purchase price COM. the total price that
            pee of an article by hire-purchase will
            pay, Consisting of the cash price of the

            and shares that
            etimes, but not
            securities. Syn.

            article, all interest and other charges. Cf. cash
            price.

            hire-purchase sale see under sale.

            histogram see bar chart under chart.

            historic(al) cost see under cost.

            Historical School ECON. HIST. a school of eco-
            nomic thought that grew strong in Germany
            from early in the nineteenth century and lasteq
            until the 1930s. Its members were against lais-
            sez-faire and in favour of the state taking an
            active part in economic and social develop-
            ment. It based its thinking more on the Study
            of the history of economic institutions than on
            deductive economics (reasoning from analys-
            ing facts such as incomes and prices). Among
            its leaders were Bruno Hildebrand, Karl K ines,
            Friedrich List and Wilhelm Roscher, up to
            about 1850; Gustave Schnoller, up to about
            the end of the century; and Werner Sombart
            and Max Weber up to the 1930s. These Ger-
            man writers influenced the work of some Bri-
            tish economists including, in particular, Sidney
            and Beatrice Webb. |

            hitch-hike TOUR. (colloqg.) to travel by getting a
            free ride in passing motor cars or lorries. This
            is illegal in some parts of the United States.
            Cf. hike.

            hive off MAN. & IND. (1) to arrange for the
            manufacture by another company, of some
            part of one’s product. Syn. subcontract. (2) to
            separate a part of a business organization to
            make it into a separate business, such as form-
            ing a branch, or group of branches, into a
            subsidiary company.

            H.M.G. Her Majesty’s Government.

            H.M.S. Her Majesty’s Ship/Service.

            H.M.S.O. Her Majesty’s Stationery Office.

            H.N.C. Higher National Certificate.

            Ho., ho. house.

            H.O. head office.

            hoard 7. ECON. a secret store of money, valuable
            goods or food that has been saved or collected
            for use in the future: A hoard of gold and silver.
            v. to make or keep a hoard: To hoard up, to
            save and store for future use. Hoarded money
            is idle for it produces nothing.

            hoarder a person who hoards.

            hoar ding (1) ECON. THEORY a tendency by the
            public, esp. under conditions of uncertainty,
            to hold economically idle cash rather than
            a productive form of wealth. Hoarding may
            greatly affect the economy because the sale of
            assets to get cash for hoarding causes prices of
            securities to fall and interest rates and the
            quantity of money to rise. Investment is slowed

            down, money incomes are reduced and unem-
            ployment rises. See liquidity preference: sav-
            ing. Opp. dishoarding. (2) apvtG. see advert-
            isement hoarding.

            Nock (collog.) in hock, in debt; pawned:; To be in

            hock to the bankers, to be heavily in debt to

            gg gg

            ——


                evince -p 276 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            ee en er eee tae

            them.
            k shop a pawn shop.
            eens a large cask or barrel. Abbr. hhd. :

            h’hd. (2) a varying unit of volume, 514, 54 or
            63 imperial gallons; 234, 245 or 286 litres.

            hoist 7. a machine for lifting heavy loads; a
            goods lift (or elevator in U.S.A.). fd
            ». (1) (collog.) to make popular by giving much
            praise. Syn. shove; boost. (2) (colloq.) to shop-
            lift (to steal goods offered for sale in shops).

            hold sHIPG. & TRANSPT. that part of the space
            inside a ship or aircraft in which the cargo is
            carried.

            holder BKG. & COM. the person who holds, or
            lawfully has in his possession, a bill of exchange
            or other document. He may be the payee, or
            the endorsee or the bearer.
            holder for value a person holding a bill of
            exchange on which value has been given, e.g.
            goods have been supplied in return for the
            expected payment of the bill. Cf. holder in due
            course.
            holder in due course a person who has in good

            faith and for value taken a bill of exchange
            before it was overdue and having had no notice
            that it had been dishonoured; such a person
            has an absolute right, which no one else has,
            to receive the value of the bill when in due

            course he presents it for acceptance and pay-
            ment.

            holding (1) AGR. asmall farm. Syn. smallholding.
            (2) a group of several farms managed and run
            as a single unit. (3) STK. EXCH. a quantity of a
            security held by one owner: A shareholding. A
            large holding of shares in your company.
            cross-holding the holding of a quantity of each
            other’s shares by two or more companies. Syn.
            reciprocal holding.
            reciprocal shareholding see cross-holding above.

            holding company see under company.

            holding costs FIN. the cost of interest paid on
            borrowed money while it is being held but not
            used for re-investment in, e.g., buying shares
            in associate companies.

            holding gain accts. under current cost account-
            ing, the amount by which the cost value of the
            stock sold increased while that stock was being
            held. It is the difference between the historic
            cost and the current or replacement cost.

            holding out Law falsely allowing oneself to be
            accepted as having a certain position, esp. as
            a partner in a firm. A form of false represen-
            tation. See fraud.

            hold-up (1) an armed robbery. (2) a delay: A
            hold-up in the rail service. A production hold-up.

            holiday (1) a day on which, by law or custom,
            no business dealings take place, and only
            employees of essential services are required
            to work: A bank/public/statutory holiday. A
            religious/Muslim| Christian] Hindu /Jewish hol-
            iday. See bank holiday (U.S.A.); also bank


            hon. - 265

            holidays (Britain); tax holiday. (2) (often pl.) a
            period of rest and freedom from work: Our
            employees get 20 working days’ annual holiday.
            He spends his holidays in Egypt. Did you have a
            good holiday? The school holidays. The manager
            is on holiday this week. Syn. leave; furlough;
            vacation. |
            holiday camp a permanent set of buildings, usu.
            by the sea, where many people on holiday
            can be fed and accommodated and kept fully
            amused with organized games, sports, music
            and dancing. ,

            holistic test ADVTG. a method of pre-testing an
            advertisement or packaging in which the whole
            is tested at once, in an attempt to represent
            the whole advertisement or pack in its finished
            state. Cf. atomistic test. ,

            holograph adj. of a document, entirely in the
            handwriting of the person who has signed it.
            Handwritten. A holograph letter/will.
            n. any handwritten document. In holograph,
            handwritten, not typed or printed. Syn. manu-
            script; longhand.

            home banking BKG. a service whereby normal
            bank transactions can be carried out from
            home computers linked to the bank’s com-
            puters.

            home bill see inland bill under bill of exchange.

            home centre com. a hardware store or iron-
            monger’s.

            home consumption see under consumption.

            home economics the study of the activity of
            making and running a home for a family. Syn.
            domestic science.

            home industry see cottage industry; domestic
            system.

            home loan FIN. a loan of money on mortgage
            by a building society to the buyer of a house,
            esp. to an owner-occupier. See building society.

            homeowner's policy see comprehensive pol-
            icy under insurance policy.

            home port sHIPG. the port of registry of a ship.

            home sales see under sales.

            home service insurance see industrial life
            insurance under insurance, classes and kinds
            of.

            homestead (1) AGR. a house, usu. a farmhouse,
            with land and farm buildings, owned by the
            farmer. (2) land given to a settler in newly-
            developing country on condition that he builds
            a house and farms the land.

            homesteader aGr. a person who farms a home-
            Stead.

            home trade see under trade.

            homeward adj. sHIPG. towards the home coun-
            try: Homeward freight. Homeward vo yage. Syn.
            inward. Opp. outward. Adv. homewards.
            homeward bound see bound (1 ).

            homework see domestic system.

            Hon. Honourable; honorary.

            hon. honorary.


                evince -p 277 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &


            266 - honest broker

            ) a trusted person who

            honest broker (colloq. ncn ee cea

            represents both parties in a
            tiations of a financial nature. ee
            hong (1) a member of a cohong. vee ig
            system. (2) in China, (a) a warehouse. (0) «
            foreign-merchant firm or company. eo
            honorarium MAN. payment for professiona ‘
            vices, such as those of a lawyer, accountant,

            architect. Sym. fee. |
            honorary of a position, office, title, held for the
            honour only, not for monetary gain OF payment.

            The honorary secretary (Abbr. Hon. Sec.) an
            unpaid secretary, usu. of a society or other non-
            profitmaking organization. Honorary member,
            a member who has been given the honour of
            free membership, usu. for life, of a club or
            society. Abbr. Hon.; hon.
            honour v. (1) BKG. to pay a cheque, bill of
            exchange, or promissory note when it becomes
            due. Opp. to dishonour. Also (U.S.A.) honor.
            (2) to carry out a promise or to meet a liability:
            Businessmen must honour their obligations.
            n. a special favour: I have the honour to inform
            you, usu. a polite expression when writing to a
            person of higher rank. A point of honour, a
            moral duty.
            hoof aGR. On the hoof, of animals, esp. cattle,
            still alive, not slaughtered (killed).
            hopper sHIPG. a barge or boat with hinged doors
            in its bottom to allow material such as earth
            and sand, brought up from the bed of a river
            or harbour by a dredger, to be dropped out at
            sea.
            horizontal amalgamation see under amalga-
            mation.
            horizontal combination see under combi-
            nation.
            horizontal expansion see expansion (2).
            horizontal integration see under integration.
            horizontal trust see under trust.
            horse (collog.) a five-pound note.
            horse-box TRANSPT. a vehicle specially built for
            transporting horses by road or rail.
            horse latitudes sHIPG. a belt of calms or very
            light variable winds lying north of the northeast
            trade winds in the South Atlantic, roughly in
            lat. 20° to 35°S.
            horsepower a unit of measurement of power,
            1, the rate at which a machine works; 1 hp
            iS the power needed to lift 550 lb a height of |
            ft. in 1 sec. In metric measure, 1 hp = 0.7457
            kW. Abbr. hp; h.p.
            horse-trading com. sharp and hard bargaining.
            iit horse-trader, a person who makes a hard
            = i or 18 difficult to bargain with.
            ure AGR. the cultivation of plants in
            gardens, esp. a system of farming giving a high
            yield per acre applied to market
            gardens and
            glasshouses growing flowers, fruit and
            tables for sale in the market, pe?

            hosiery com. Originally, hose (stockings), but


            nowadays all kinds of knitted goods and un-

            derclothing.
            host (1) a man who receives guests and entertains

            . his home or in some other place such
            ae Sera (2) the landlord of an inn.
            host computer see under computer.
            hostel a building, usu. not run for profit, where
            students, nurses, etc. can obtain cheap board
            and lodging. ce ivy Wes
            an old word for a ,
            bd a female host. (2) 4 woman who
            helps to entertain guests in a club or restaurant.
            (3) air hostess, see under aircrew.

            hot bill see under bill of exchange. | |

            hotel (1) a building run as 4 business, in which

            persons, esp. travellers or holidaymakers, are
            given lodging and usu. food. See family hotel.
            Cf. hostel. (2) in India, Pakistan, a tea-room,
            a restaurant. .

            hotel accommodation TouR. lodgings in a
            hotel for tourists and other travellers, usu. hired
            by the day with or without meals. Cf. motel;
            guest-house.

            hotelier TOUR. & COM. a hotel-keeper.

            hot money see under money.

            hourly rate COM. & IND. in those trades where
            workers are paid by the hour, the amount paid
            for each hour worked.

            hours of attendance see attendance time.

            house (1) a home, a place to live in: To keep
            house, to run a home, esp. for one’s family. (2)
            a business, esp. a large organization: The House
            of Longman. House journal, a magazine prod-

            _uced by the management and given free to
            employees, containing news and information
            about the organization and its employees. Abbr.
            Ho.; ho.

            House, The (1) The House of Commons. (2)
            BKG. The Clearing House. (3) sTK. EXCH. The
            London Stock Exchange.

            house agent see estate agent.

            house bill see under bill of exchange.

            house brand see own brand.

            housebreaking Law forcing a way into a build-
            ing for a criminal purpose and then forcing a
            way out. See burglary.

            house cheque see under cheque.

            house flag see flag.

            household n. all the persons who live in a house:
            members of the f amily and any others, such as
            guests, lodgers and servants.
            adj. having to do with a household: Household
            expenses. Household goods/effects, the usual
            contents of a home, linen, furniture, curtains,
            Carpets, etc. but not clothes.

            householder the person who holds the right to
            live in a house, either as Owner or tenant.

            Often, the head of the family.

            household policy see comprehensive policy
            under insurance policy.

            person, usu. a woman, who is

            housekeeper a


                evince -p 278 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            —_—_-- ~~ ° ° °~°&

            paid to run a house, perhaps directing the work

            of other employees. Hearne

            nousekeeping money money thie ” o ,
            a husband to wn spent by his wife on food an

            ¢ OOOS.

            4 tot Commons LAW the lower house of
            the British Parliament, consisting of 650

            elected members called Members of Parlia-
            ment (M.P.s). Cf. House of Lords.

            House of Lords LAW the upper house of the
            British Parliament, consisting of nearly 800
            hereditary peers (noblemen whose titles are
            passed down from parent to child) and nearly
            400 life peers appointed by the government for
            life only. It is also the highest court of appeal
            for the United Kingdom, acting through its
            Judicial Committee of Law Lords (Lords of
            Appeal in Ordinary) and other peers who are
            or have been judges, all under the direction of
            the Lord Chancellor. Its decisions are binding
            on all courts in Britain. Cf. House of Commons.

            house-purchase policy see under insurance
            policy.

            Houses of Parliament the House of Lords and
            the House of Commons which together form
            the Parliament of the United Kingdom. The
            Palace of Westminster in London, where the
            two Houses meet, is also popularly known as
            the Houses of Parliament. Abbr. H.P.

            house union see company union.

            housing the provision of houses for the public.

            housing association FIN. in Britain, co-operat-
            ive organizations formed to help members to
            build their own houses by making loans and
            giving advice.

            hovercraft TRANSPT. & SHIPG. a vehicle that
            travels over land and water, close to the sur-
            face, on a cushion of air. Syn. air cushion
            vehicle; cushioncraft.

            H.P. hire-purchase; Houses of Parliament.

            hp, h.p. horsepower.

            H.Q. headquarters.

            H.R. Hellenic Register (of Shipping).

            H.R.M. human resource management.

            hrs. hours.

            huckster (1) CoM. a street-seller, either a hawker
            or a pediar. (2) any person trading on a very
            small scale.

            Hudson’s Bay Company ECON. HIST. a com-
            pany of adventurers, formed in 1670 to trade
            in the Hudson Bay region of Canada and to
            look for a north-west passage from the Atlantic
            to the Pacific. The company long had a mon-
            opoly of trade in parts of Canada and also
            administered great areas of the country. In
            1859 it lost its monopoly position but continued
            to trade, esp. in furs. It now has many general
            retail stores, and is one of the largest business
            concerns in Canada. Full name: Hudson’s Bay
            Trading Company Ltd.

            hull (1) supa. the body of a ship, consisting of a

            husbandry - 267

            frame, an outer covering or shell and decks,
            but excluding masts and engines and any cargo.
            (2) MAR. INSCE. the whole ship as distinguished
            {rom its cargo: Hull insurance, covers the ship,
            its engines and other machinery and equipment
            but not any cargo: Hull policy/risk/underwriter.

            human asset accounting accts. schemes
            which try to place a monetary asset value on
            the people employed by an organization.

            human capital see capital (1).

            human-factor engineering see ergonomics

            human resource management MAN. the gen-
            eral term now widely used for all aspects of
            management which deal with people, incorpo-
            rating such areas as personnel management
            and the behavioural sciences. Abbr. H.R.M.

            Hume David (1711-76), Scottish philosopher,
            historian and economist. He is believed to
            have greatly influenced Adam Smith, 12 years
            younger than Hume, esp. in his criticism of
            mercantilist policies. He was one of the earliest
            well-informed writers on subjects such as the
            supply of money, rates of interest and the
            importance of one country’s natural advan-
            tages over those of others in developing inter-
            national trade. He welcomed industrialization
            as a way of progressing beyond a mainly agri-
            cultural economy. His main book dealing with
            economics is Political Discourses, being Part
            2 of his Essays, Moral, Political and Literary
            (1752).

            hundi BKG. in India, Pakistan and Bangladesh,
            a.credit instrument similar to a promissory
            note or banker’s draft, much used by the many
            private bankers who finance internal com-
            merce.

            hundred (1) a number, 100. (2) Com. a great
            hundred or long hundred, sometimes used in
            commerce, consists of 120 articles. (3) (collog.)
            a hundred pounds, £100.

            hundredweight a unit of weight. (a) in Britain,
            112 lb avoirdupois (50.80 kg), one-twentieth of
            a U.K. (long) ton of 2240 Ib and divided into
            four quarters of 28 lb. (6) in U.S.A., 100 Ib
            (45.36 kg), being one-twentieth of a short ton
            of 2000 Ib. Abbr. cwt.

            Hunts. Huntingdonshire, now part of Cam-
            bridgeshire, England.

            husband ». to economize; to save: to use care-
            fully: To husband one’s resources, to consume
            one’s stock of money or goods carefully, eco-
            nomically. See also ship’s husband.

            husbandman aar. a farmer.

            husbandry ar. the management of a farm:
            the practice of farming: Good/bad husbandry,
            the management of affairs generally.
            animal husbandry a branch of farming which
            is concerned with the management and breed-
            ing of animals, esp. cattle, sheep, horses and
            pigs, and includes dairy-farming and the pro-
            duction of raw wool and other animal products.

            is
            fal


                evince -p 279 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &



            268 - hush-money

            hush-money see under money.

            H.W. high water. :
            .M. high water mark. — of i
            ae ONT. high water ordinary neap tides.

            .W.O.S.T. high water ordinary spring tides.
            : lectricity.
            ian worked or driven by a °
            other liquid such as oil: Hydraulic control sys
            tem, one using water or oil under pressure, a:
            compared with one using electricity.
            hydro-electricity IND. electricity produced by;
            water-power. Abbr. hydel. |
            hydrofoil sHIPG. a very fast boat provided witl
            a set or sets of foils (surfaces) used to hold o1
            lift the boat up when moving through the wate!
            so that, above a certain speed, it is sliding fas!
            along the surface with its hull out of the water
            hygiene see industrial hygiene.
            hype (collog.) (1) a dishonest trick. (2) an act
            aimed at drawing public attention in order tc
            sell something, and thus a form of advertising.
            (3) a cheat, esp. one who gives less than the
            right change; a short-changer.
            hyper-inflation ECON. an extreme form of
            inflation; the situation that exists in an eco-
            nomy when the money supply is_ being
            increased very rapidly, resulting in an increase
            of over 20% in the annual growth of the money
            supply or of the price-level. See inflation. Syn.
            runaway inflation; galloping inflation.
            hypermarket com. a very large supermarket.
            hypothecate BKG. & Com. (1) (when a bill of
            exchange is drawn) to agree to the goods being
            given as security for the payment of the bill.
            letter of hypothecation a document in which
            the drawer of a bill agrees that the goods shall
            be sold and the money used to pay the bill if
            it is dishonoured. Syn. an hypothecation.
            (2) (when an advance is being obtained from
            a bank) to agree to certain stated goods, e.g.
            stocks of materials and finished products, or
            book debts, being treated as security for the
            repayment of the advance. Such goods are said
            to be hypothecated goods.

            IA, la. Iowa, U.S.A.

            1.A.S. Indian Administrative Service, formerly
            the Indian Civil Service (I.C.S.).

            [ATA International Air Transport Association.

            i.b. in bond.

            ib., ibid. (Latin: ibidem) in the same place.

            I.B. invoice book: in bond; International Bank
            (for Reconstruction and Development); Insti-
            tute of Bankers; industrial business.

            1.B.C.C. International Bureau of
            ene of Chambers of

            |.B.E.C. International Bank for Economic Co-
            operation.

            1.B.1. invoice book inwards.

            1.B.O. invoice book outwards.

            |.B.R.D. International Bank for Reconstruction
            and Development.

            i/c. in charge. | |

            1.C.A. International Commodity Agreement.

            |.C.A.O. International Civil Aviation Organiza-

            ion.

            fac International Chamber of Commerce:
            Interstate Commerce Commission.

            icebreaker SHIPG. a ship specially built for use
            in forcing a way for other vessels through the

            LCF.T.U. International Confederation of Free
            Trade Unions.

            1.C.M.A. Institute of Cost and Management
            Accountants.

            1.C.S. Institute of Chartered Shipbrokers;
            Indian Civil Service; International Chamber
            of Shipping.

            id. (Latin, idem) the same.

            ID, Id. Idaho, U.S.A. oe

            |.D.A. International Development Association.

            1.D.B. illicit diamond-buying.

            identifier Comp. a character or group of charac-
            ters used to identify a data unit. It is often used
            to identify messages during transmission. See
            also packet.

            idle sTK. EXCH. of market conditions, showing
            total inactivity, no business being done.

            idle balances ECON. money held in current
            accounts with banks, earning no interest and
            therefore a form of hoarding. See dishoarding;
            hoarding. Syn. inactive money.

            idle money see under money.

            idle time IND. paid time spent by workers doing
            nothing, usu. when they have done all they can
            on one job and are waiting for the next job to
            be begun.

            i.e. (Latin: id est) that is to Say.

            I/F. (on a dishonoured cheque) insufficient funds.

            i.f. in full.

            I.F.C. International Finance Corporation.

            lil. Illinois, U.S.A.

            illegal LAW forbidden by law: An illegal act, one

            which breaks the law. Cf. unlawful. Opp. legal.

            illegal character comp. a character not accept-
            able to a computer because it is from a different

            __ language to the one the computer is using.

            illegal consideration see under consideration.

            illegal contract see under contract.

            illegality LAW an unlawful act or quality: The

            illegality of certain contracts.

            illegal Partnership see under partnership.

            illegible adj. of writing, esp. of a signature, not

            Clear enough to be read; unreadable. Illegible
            handwriting carbon copies/printing. Type so small
            _ to be illegible. N. illegibility.
            ll goodwill see goodwill (4).


                evince -p 280 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            iMlicit not allowed ; illegal; unlawful: Mlicit trad-
            ing, trading without a licence. Illicit distilling,
            making alcohol secretly and without a licence,
            ysu. to avoid paying excise duty. Illicit gain,
            money OF profits made unlawfully. Illicit
            diamond-buying, in South Africa, trading in
            diamonds without a government licence. Abbr.
            [.D.B.

            iMiquid assets see under assets.

            illustrated catalogue see under catalogue.

            1 L.O. International Labour Organization.

            .L.U. Institute of London Underwriters.

            im- prefix a variation of in-, used before the
            letters b, m, p, as in imbalance, immigrant,
            impersonal. See in-, prefix.

            jmage ADVTG. (1) the picture that comes to the
            mind of the public when it thinks of a particu-
            lar manufacturer or his product. (2) the favour-
            able view or opinion about a product that is
            put into the mind of the public by active
            publicity and public relations. See brand
            image.

            |.M.C.Q. Inter-Governmental Maritime Con-
            sultative Organization.

            |.M.F. International Monetary Fund.

            |.M.F. quota FIN. the amount which a member
            country of the I.M.F. has to subscribe to the
            Fund in the form of gold and of its own
            currency, in order that the Fund can lend to
            countries that are temporarily in difficulty with
            their balance of payments.

            immediate annuity see under insurance policy.

            immediate possession see possession (3).

            immigrant a person who comes into a country
            to settle permanently. Opp. emigrant.
            immigrant remittances money sent back to their
            families in the country from which the immi-
            grants came. In countries where there are many
            immigrants, these remittances can form a large
            part of the balance of payments as an invisible
            payment. :

            immigration the coming into one country of
            settlers from another country with the intention
            of living there permanently. Opp. emigration.
            net immigration the amount by which the num-
            ber of immigrants exceeds the number of emi-
            grants.

            imminent peril see under peril.

            immobility ECON. THEORY of the factors of pro-
            duction (land, labour and capital), the state of
            not being easily movable from one kind of use
            or employment to another, or from one place
            to another. See mobility of labour.

            immobilize FIN. of capital, to make no longer
            mobile (movable) by, e.g. replacing circulating

            _ Capital by fixed capital.

            immovable Law of property, land and anything
            that is permanently on the land such as trees
            and buildings; real, as compared with personal,

            _ property.

            impact (1) ADVTG. & CoM. the effect that a certain

            implied - 269

            advertising or sales-promotion activity has
            upon the public demand for a product: Good
            advertising is making an impact on sales of their
            cars. (2) ECON. THEORY the immediate effect of
            an increase in demand when it is not possible
            fo increase the supply until some time later,
            known as the impact effect. (3) TAXN. (a) the
            effect that a tax may have on the market for a
            particular product. (b) the level at which a tax
            is first paid to a government, also called the
            formal incidence of a tax.
            impaired capital see under capital.
            impecunious always poor; having little or no
            money and tending to borrow from, or live on,
            others: He has to help his impecunious relations.
            N. impecuniosity.
            imperfect competition see under competition.
            imperfect market see under market.
            imperial bushel see bushel.
            imperial gallon see gallon. |
            imperialism ECON. the policy of an economi-
            cally advanced country of extending its influ-
            ence in one or more under-developed countries
            in order to provide its businessmen with oppor-
            tunities for overseas investment, export mar-
            kets for its products and cheap supplies of
            certain commodities for its home market. The
            word imperialism is usu. used in a critical sense,
            in the belief that the poorer, under-developed
            country always suffers to the advantage of the
            advanced country.
            imperial preference ECON. HIST. the policy
            adopted by member countries of the British
            Empire, at the Ottawa Conference in 1932, of
            favouring other members of the Empire by
            fixing specially low rates of import duty on
            goods passing between them. A large increase
            in trade among Empire countries resulted, but
            after the Second World War, the setting up of
            GATT, and the intention of all countries to
            reduce hindrances to world trade, led to a
            gradual lessening of imperial (later common-
            wealth) preference. This system ceased in Bri-
            tain when the E.E.C. tariff was applied in full
            in 1977.
            imperial ton see long ton under ton.
            imperilled Inscg. of insured property, laid open
            to a peril (danger) against which the property
            is insured. A ship may be imperilled by being
            in a severe storm and in danger of being lost,
            without any loss actually occurring.
            impersonal accounts see under accounts.
            impersonal ledger see ledger.
            impersonal payee see under payee.
            implicit cost see under cost.
            implicit rent see under rent.
            implied LAW not written in a contract but under-
            stood by both parties to be binding as if it were
            so written: An implied condition/contract/oblig-
            ation/warranty. Opp. express. See implied con-
            tract under contract.


            MG


                evince -p 281 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            270 - implied term

            & MAN. a term in a contract
            ly stated but which the law
            ng upon the parties to the
            ract of employment rarely
            e must not act against
            he courts
            Or.

            implied term LAW
            which is not express
            may regard as bindi
            contract, e.g. a cont
            states that the employe
            the interests of the employer, but t
            would regard this as an implied term.
            express term.

            implied trust see constructive trust under trust.

            import v. COM. to bring in, esp. goods from
            another country, usu. for sale as merchandise:
            We import tea from Sri Lanka. Opp. to export.
            n. (1) a thing or class of things imported from
            another country: Visible/invisible imports. A pro-
            hibited (forbidden) import. (2) the act of impor-
            ting: The import of foreign-made cars. Syn.
            importation. See also imports, pi.

            Import and Export List Com. in Britain, a
            list published once a year by the government,
            showing the official classification of all goods.
            This classification must be used by all
            importers and exporters when preparing forms
            for the Customs.

            importation com. (1) the act of importing. (2)
            anything that is imported.

            import broker see under broker.

            import commission agent see under com-
            mission agent.

            import duty TAXN. a tax on goods coming into
            a country, for the purpose of raising money, or
            protecting industry against foreign compe-
            tition, or reducing imports to help to correct
            an unfavourable balance of payments. See also
            duty (3).

            importer com. (1) one who imports goods from
            abroad: We are importers of raw cotton from
            Egypt. (2) a country that imports more of a
            commodity than it exports: Britain is a large
            importer of foodstuffs.
            independent importer see import merchant.

            import gold point see gold point.

            import levy see under levy.

            import licence com. a document obtained from
            the government giving permission to import
            certain stated goods. Import licensing is some-
            times used as a means of exchange control, for
            without such a licence an importer will not be
            allowed to pay for the goods. Also, goods to
            which an import quota applies can only be
            imported if an import licence has first been

            issued to the importer. Syn. import permit.

            import merchant Com. an importer who buys
            foreign goods for himself, stocks them and sells
            them to buyers in his home country, thus taking

            _ all the risk. Syn. independent importer.

            aa permit see import licence.

            import, propensity to see under pro

            import quota Com. a stated quandhy lined
            the government as the total amount of a :
            modity th . aici
            ae y that may be imported into the country

            certain period. Importers of a commodity

            to which an import quota applies must first
            obtain an import licence. Import quotas are
            used by governments to limit the amount of
            foreign exchange leaving the country, or to
            protect a home industry, or aS a means of
            bargaining with a foreign country.
            imports p/. CoM. goods and services bought from
            other countries.
            invisible imports imports in the form of services
            performed by persons abroad, esp. services
            such as transport, banking, Insurance, advertis-
            ing and payments to foreign investors. Cf.
            visible imports. , |
            protected imports goods on which there is 4
            tive duty.
            ae saber or fear SO
            material form or substance, as distinguished
            from services. Cf. invisible imports.
            import surcharge TAXN. & FIN. an extra tax on
            imports, in addition to ordinary customs duties,
            as a temporary means of discouraging imports,
            usu. applied by the government of a country
            that is in difficulties with its balance of pay-
            ments.
            import trade see under trade.
            impose LAw & TAXN. to put or place a load or
            charge on, esp. a duty that one is bound by
            law to perform, such as the registration of title
            to (ownership of) land; or a tax or duty on
            a commodity: To impose a tax on sugar. N.
            imposition.
            to impose upon to take unfair advantage of
            (somebody).
            impost TAXN. a tax, esp. a customs duty on
            imported goods.
            impostor a person who dishonestly pretends to
            be someone else, or that he is something, e.g.
            a rent-collector, which he is not.
            impound Law (1) to seize (cattle and other
            property) and keep as security for a debt. (2)
            by court order, to obtain and keep documents,
            etc. to be used as evidence in a court of law.
            (3) AGR. & IND. to enclose and store water in a
            reservoir (artificial lake).
            impressed stamp see under stamp.
            impression see edition (2).
            imprest account see imprest system.
            imprest system accts. the method usu. used
            in running the petty cash arrangements in an
            office. The petty cashier is advanced sufficient
            money to pay the expected expenses for a given
            period. He keeps an account called an imprest
            or petty cash account of all he spends, and at
            the end of the period he is given a sum in cash
            equal to the amount he has spent; his cash in
            hand (the cash he holds) is thus brought up to
            the amount he Originally started with. The
            fixed sum held at the beginning of each period
            is called a cash float.

            imprint a note appearing in a book, magazine


                evince -p 282 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            or newspaper, giving the name, and sometimes
            a address, of the publisher and printer.

            improve STK. EXCH. of prices of stocks and
            shares, to rise: Prices improved after an earlier
            all. N. improvement. |

            ;mprover IND. 4 person learning a trade who
            agrees to work for low wages or no wages at
            all in order to improve his skill.

            :mpulse buyer COM. a person who buys a thing,
            not because he has planned to buy it, but
            because when he sees it he gets a sudden desire
            to possess it. Goods sold in this way are called
            impulse goods, and their sale impulse sales.

            imputation TAXN. a system aimed to avoid
            double taxation of distributed profits, first
            when paid by the company as corporation tax,
            and second when paid by the shareholder as
            income tax on dividends. Under the impu-
            tation system the shareholder receives a tax
            credit equal to the amount of tax paid by the
            company on the shares held by the shareholder.

            impute (1) to place a probable value on some-
            thing, where the actual value is not known. N.
            imputation. (2) ECON. THEORY some nineteenth-
            century economists argued that the value of
            the factors of production, taken together, could
            be imputed from the value of the product; and
            that since the proportion in which the factors
            are combined was known, the value, and there-
            fore the imputed or notional price, of each
            factor could be calculated. (3) accts. where a
            company occupies its own buildings, an
            accountant may fix an imputed or notional rent
            at a figure equal to the rent which the company
            could get if it leased the buildings to somebody
            else, 1.e. the opportunity cost.

            I.M.R.O. Investment Management Regulatory
            Organization. See under self-regulatory organ-
            ization.

            IN Indiana, U.S.A.

            in. inch; inches.

            in- prefix (1) in; into; on; towards; against: inland/
            income | input | inshore. (2) expressing a nega-
            tive; not: inactive / inequality | infertile.

            inactive STK. EXCH. (1) of market conditions,
            showing little or no activity, there being few
            buyers and few sellers. Syn. dull. (2) of a secu-
            rity, one that is not often bought or sold.

            inactive money see idle money under money.

            in bond see bond, n. (3). Abbr. i.b.; I.B.
            in-bond price in foreign-trade quotations, the
            buyer has to pay all charges arising from get-
            ting the goods released from a bonded ware-
            house (including payment of customs duty), the
            cost of loading on to the ship and of trans-
            Shipment.

            inbound see under bound (1).

            Inc. including; inclusive (of); increase.

            Inc. Incorporated.

            incalculable Insce. unable to be calculated

            income - 271

            (worked out by mathematics): An incalculable

            _ risk. Incalculable loss(es) /damage.

            incentive (1) IND. something that gives an
            employee a desire to work harder, such as the
            Payment of a bonus if his output is greater
            than an agreed amount. See incentive bonus
            under bonus. Various other schemes to encour-
            age productivity are found in industry, such
            as profit sharing, commission on sales, and
            piecework. (2) CoM. some extra allowance
            offered by a supplier to a customer to encourage
            him to increase the amount of goods he buys.
            See incentive discount under discount.

            inception INSscE. the beginning of the period for
            which an insurance policy is effective.

            inch a unit of length in common use in Britain,
            U.S.A. and some other English-speaking coun-
            tries; one-twelfth of a foot. One inch = 25.40
            millimetres. Abbr. in.; ins. Sign: ”: A 6" nail.

            inchoate instrument LAW & BKG. an incom-
            plete or unfinished negotiable instrument, esp.
            a blank bill of exchange form that has been
            signed only by the drawer, who has then given
            it to another person to complete. The person
            left to complete it has legal power to do so in
            any way he thinks fit, but he must keep within
            the general directions given him by the person
            who has signed it. Syn. incomplete bill.

            incidence TAXN. of a tax, esp. an indirect tax
            on a commodity, the liability to pay it. The
            method of collecting the tax will depend on
            whether the liability falls on the supplier or on
            the consumer or partly on both. Syn. impact.

            incidental expenses see under expenses.

            incl. including; inclusive.

            ‘in’ clearing BKG. cheques, bills of exchange,
            etc. received by a bank after clearing at the
            clearing house. Cf. ‘out’ clearing.

            inclosure (U.S.A.) see enclosure.

            including counting: A party of 21 passengers,
            including the guide. Abbr. inc.; incl.

            inclusive (1) containing or including everything,
            or many things: An inclusive charge. (2) of a
            price or charge, including other costs that are
            often paid separately: The rent is £10 inclusive
            of heating. Inclusive of tax or tax-inclusive. Opp.
            exclusive. Abbr. inc.; incl.
            inclusive tour TOUR. one the price of which
            includes the cost not only of travel but also of
            rooms, meals, guides, and charges for visits to
            places of interest and amusement, etc.

            income (1) ECON. & TAXN. money of all kinds
            coming in regularly, esp. to a person, family or
            organization, such as salary or wages from
            employment, rent from property, profits from
            business, and fees for professional services.
            Income is usu. expressed as an amount per
            annum (in a year), but sometimes also per men-
            sem (in a month) or even per week. See also
            national income.
            accrued income see accrual concept.


                evince -p 283 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &


            272 - income

            deferred income see deferred credits. |
            discretionary income ECON. THEORY that part of
            a person’s income that he can spend on an
            that are not essential. See discretionary spena-
            ing. Syn. supernumerary income.

            disposable income see separate entry. :
            earned income see separate entry. Cf. unearne¢

            income. hoe
            fixed income an income that does not increase

            with time or with changes in the cost of living,

            such as the income for a life annuity, or from
            property let on a long lease.

            franked investment income see separate entry.

            gross income TAXN. the total income of a person
            before taking off allowances or tax. Cf. taxable
            income; net income.

            investment income TAXN. see unearned income
            below.

            life income an income that a person will receive

            for the rest of his life, usu. from a life insurance
            contract which will give him a life annuity, or
            from rents which he has the right to receive
            from property until he dies.

            money income ECON. the amount of actual
            money received by a consumer during a stated
            period. Cf. real income.

            national income see separate entry.

            net income TAXN. a taxpayer’s total income that
            remains after paying direct taxes and social _
            security contributions. Cf. taxable income;
            gross income.

            notional income ECON. THEORY & TAXN. an
            income that represents some gain received, but
            in the form neither of money nor of goods and
            services. Thus, a person living in a house which
            he himself owns receives no rent but gains the
            valuable advantage of being able to live in it
            without paying.

            passive income TAXN. that part of a taxpayer’s
            income on which no income tax is payable
            because it can be set off against losses carried
            over from previous years. (It is passive in the
            tax-collector’s eyes because it is not active in
            bringing in any tax.)

            per capita income the average annual income .
            for each member of the population ofacountry. .
            (Latin, by heads.)

            permanent income ECON. the income that a
            consumer expects to earn from his work, and
            to receive from his capital assets such as invest-
            ments. Cf. transitory income.

            personal income ECON. that part of the national
            income that is received by private persons, not
            public authorities, companies, etc.

            premium income see separate entry.

            real income ECON. THEORY the amount of goods
            and services that a consumer can buy with his
            money income. Cf. money income.

            eet income see discretionary income
            avdove.


            taxable income TAXN. the net amount that is

            left of a taxpayer’s gross income after takin
            off the various tax-free allowances, such as
            personal, children’s or age allowances. The
            amount on which tax has to be paid. Syn, ney
            income.
            tax-free income TAXN. (1) any income on which
            no tax is payable, such aS money won on bets
            on horse-races. (2) that part of a taxpayer’,
            income that is within his personal or othe,
            allowances. )
            transfer income ECON. & FIN. Income received
            by persons who give no goods or services jp
            return, such as retirement pensions, social
            security and unemployment benefits. Such pay-
            ments are transfers of money from one part of
            the community to another. Also included are
            interest payments on the national debt, and
            subsidies paid by the government to farmers
            and others.
            transitory income ECON. income that a person
            cannot be sure of earning or receiving regularly
            in the future, such as royalties earned by the
            writer of a book, of which the sales may be
            good during the first year but then fall to little
            or nothing. Cf. permanent income.
            unearned income (1) TAXN. income from prop-
            erty (rents) and investments (interest, divi-
            dends). Syn. investment income. Cf. earned
            income. (2) accTs. (U.S.A.) profits.
            ncome and expenditure account ACCTS. an
            account prepared by a non-trading organiza-
            tion that owns assets, the purpose being to
            show not only the cash position but also any
            additions to the organization’s capital during
            the period. It is the equivalent of the profit and
            loss account of a trading concern, expenses
            being debited and receipts being credited in
            the account. A credit balance in the account
            is called surplus of income over expenditure;
            and a debit balance excess of expenditure over
            income. The balance is carried to a balance
            sheet. Cf. receipts and payments account.
            ncome bond (1) see income debenture under
            debenture. (2) see single-premium policy under
            insurance policy.
            ncome debenture see under debenture.
            ncome effect ECON. THEORY the result of a
            change in a consumer’s income. When prices
            in a market remain unchanged, the effect of
            an increase in the consumer’s income, known
            as an income effect, is to make him buy more
            of the things he wants. Similarly, if his income
            becomes less, the effect will be to make him
            buy less of the things he wants. Cf. substitution
            effect; price effect.
            ncome fund see under mutual fund.
            ncome in kind income that is received, not in
            money, but in goods and services, such as that
            of a farm-worker who gets a rent-free house,
            free vegetables and milk, etc.; or that of a
            manager who gets the free use of a car belong-
            ing to his employers.


                evince -p 284 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            a  —————————eEeEeEe ee

            e, national see national income.
            income profit see under profit,
            ‘ncome, redistribution of see redistribution
            (of incomes and wealth). 3
            ‘ncomes policy see under policy.
            ‘ncome statement accTs. (U.S.A.) a profit and
            loss account. | iD a
            income stock STK. EXCH. a high-yielding secu-
            rity, either a stock bearing a fixed rate of interest
            or an ordinary share that ts likely to produce
            a steady rate of dividend every year. Cf. growth
            stock.
            income tax TAXN. in Britain, a tax on personal
            incomes which is the main means of obtaining
            money by the government for use in running
            the public services. It is reimposed annually by
            the Finance Act and is assessed and collected
            by the Board of Inland Revenue. It is charged
            at a rate known as the standard rate, to which
            are added graded increases of rate, called the
            higher rates, for higher taxable incomes. An
            extra rate is added for investment (or unearned)
            income above a certain level. Persons receive
            certain allowances which reduce the amount
            of tax that they pay. See also the Jollowing under
            tax: proportional tax; regressive tax; state tax:
            withholding tax. Also, negative income tax.
            Abbr. I.T.
            income-tax schedules see Schedules A to E
            under schedules, tax.
            income unit FIN. a unit in an investment trust
            that pays a dividend at regular intervals, usu.
            every six months.
            income velocity see under velocity of circula-
            tion.
            incoming invoice see purchase invoice under
            invoice.
            incompetent (1) MAN. & IND. lacking skill or
            ability, esp. to do some particular kind of work.
            He was an incompetent manager/foreman|
            woodworker. (2) LAW lacking legal power to do
            some act.
            inconvertible currency see under currency.
            incorporate LAW & STK. EXCH. in Britain, to
            form and register a company in the manner
            required by the Companies Acts. When this
            has been done, the Registrar of Companies
            issues a Certificate of Incorporation.
            Incorporated in U.S.A., when placed after the
            hame of a company, the word means that
            the company is a legal personality called a
            corporation, usu. with limited liability. The
            equivalent of Limited (Ltd.) in Britain. Abbr.
            Inc.
            incorporated broker see under insurance.
            incorporation Law the formal act of a group
            of persons combining together to become a
            Single body with its own legal personality, such

            as a limited liability company. See Certificate
            of Incorporation.


            indent - 273

            incorporeal hereditament see under heredita-
            ment.

            incorporeal Possession see under possession
            (3).

            Incoterms com. a set of international rules pub-
            lished by the International Chamber of Com-
            merce, Paris, for deciding the exact meaning
            of the chief terms (expressions) used in foreign-
            trade contracts, such as f.o.b. The object is to
            avoid disagreements caused by differences in
            trading practices in various countries by
            describing clearly the duties of the parties.
            Merchants using these rules need only state
            that their contracts are ‘governed by the pro-
            visions of Incoterms’. Syn. trade terms. |

            increasing annuity see under insurance policy.

            Increasing Costs, Law of see Diminishing
            Returns, Law of.

            Increasing Returns, Law of see Decreasing
            Costs, Law of.

            increment MAN. the amount by which a person’s
            Salary increases each year, usu. according to a
            salary scale. See also unearned increment.

            incremental cost see marginal cost under cost.

            incumbrance see encumbrance.

            incur to bring upon oneself: He has incurred
            expenses while travelling. To incur a risk.

            Ind. Indiana, U.S.A.

            indebted (1) owing money: J am indebted to the
            bank for a loan of £1000. (2) owing thanks: He
            is indebted to his father for teaching him his trade.

            indebtedness (1) a sum owed: The amount of
            your indebtedness to me is £150, you owe me
            £150. (2) debts in general : Britain’s international
            indebtedness is being reduced. (3) a state of
            owing money: A period of indebtedness. (4)
            balance of indebtedness, see balance of pay-
            ments.

            indemnify (1) to pay someone money to make
            good a loss; to compensate. (2) to give some-
            thing as a security against some possible future
            damage or loss. (3) INSCE. to pay money to an
            insured person when he has suffered a loss; to
            settle a claim.

            indemnity (1) INScE. a basic idea in all branches
            of insurance (except life and personal accident)
            that the insured should be in the same Position
            after a loss as he was immediately before it,
            i.e. neither richer nor poorer as a result of
            the loss. (2) BKG. a promise to indemnify or
            compensate a person for expense or loss.
            letter of indemnity a letter in which the person
            issuing it promises to compensate the party to
            whom it is addressed, such as a bank, against
            loss.
            professional indemnity see under insurance pol-
            Icy.

            indemnity bond see under bond, n.

            indent 7. (1) CoM. an order from an importer to
            a shipper or commission agent, esp. an indent
            house, to buy and ship certain stated goods.




                evince -p 285 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            974 - indent house

            der.
            inne pe ae hich states exactly

            ific indent one WHIC™ :
            oe One goods to be shipped, leaving

            the agent no choice. Aa, tant anne
            indent one 1n which the ag
            oe pier the brand or make of goods to be

            lied.
            sot beet for v. to order; to place an order for

            . the ato OTSA. gol an importing busi-
            sanpvsaieree special knowledge of foreign sup-
            ier that accepts indents (orders) from
            customer’ ‘n the home country for goods manu-
            factured abroad.
            ‘ndenture LAW a former practice, now long
            discontinued, of writing two copies of a deed
            on the same parchment and cutting them apart
            along an indented or wavy line. The two copies,
            called counterparts, were known to be true and
            correct if they fitted together. Nowadays an
            indenture is any deed, but esp. one between lr
            master and apprentice. See apprenticeship,
            also articles of apprenticeship.
            indenture deed see deed.
            indentured labour IND. workers who are bound
            by a contract, called indentures, to serve an
            employer, usu. in a far country, for a given It
            number of years to repay the cost of the jour-
            ney, a house, tools, etc. Such contracts, often
            very unfair to the worker, were much used to
            bring European labourers, mainly British, to
            North America in the eighteenth and nine-
            teenth centuries, and Indian and Chinese
            labourers to other parts of the world. Syn.
            contract labour. fl
            independent importer see import merchant.
            independent means FIN. a private income,
            usu. from land or securities. A person is said
            to be independent or of independent means when
            he does not need to work for a living.
            Index, The sTK. EXCH. see Financial Times
            Industrial Ordinary Share Index.
            indexation a way of making some payments |
            rise and fall as the general level of prices rises
            and falls. It applies to pensions, tax allowances,
            income from some investments and the capital
            value of some investments. When prices are_ |
            rising fast, it is used to keep the real value of
            pensions and loans at a steady level. See
            indexed bond under bond; indexed pension i
            under pension. Syn. indexing.
            index cards see card index system.
            indexed bond see under bond, n.
            indexed pension see under pension.
            indexes, share see under Financial Times; Dow
            Jones.
            index fund see under mutual fund.
            me see indexation.
            gees eee ECON. a number or set of |
            Pie tiie, 6 be ca changes in values.
            y be the prices of commodities or

            i

            urities or the cost of living. The index num-
            al compares values at certain times with a
            sau at a chosen point in time, which ts taken

            ni index one that shows variations in the

            - of specially-chosen commodj}-
            ‘ee ees the (British) Index of Retaj|
            sie index one that shows variations in the
            Sante or volume of a group of variables such
            a the Index of Industrial Production, or of
            Imports and Exports. Syn. volume index.
            value index a combination of price index and
            quantity index showing the total effect of chan-
            ges, esp. in real income. Syn. real-value index.
            volume index see quantity index above. mit
            weighted index one 1n the calculation of which
            some items are given a higher value than others
            because they are more important. See weighted
            waar Industrial Production ECON. & IND.
            ‘n Britain, a set of monthly index numbers
            calculated by the Central Statistical Office to
            show variations in the volume of industrial
            production in the entire British economy as
            well as for each main industry. ee
            sdex of Retail Prices ECON. in Britain, the
            official monthly index, based on government
            statistics, which measures changes in the prices
            of certain goods and services chosen because
            they represent the things bought by the families
            of most wage-earners and moderate salary-
            earners. See cost-of-living index. Syn. (U.S.A.)
            Consumer Price Index.
            ndex of Weekly Earnings ECON. & IND. in
            Britain, a set of index numbers issued by the
            government twice each year to show variations
            in the payments made for labour in all the
            manufacturing and some other main industries,
            esp. in workers’ earnings, hours of work, over-
            time, short time and payments for piecework,
            as well as changes in the level of absenteeism.
            ndiaman ECON. HIST. a large sailing ship used
            by the British East India Company for trading
            with India and the East Indies during the
            eighteenth and nineteenth centuries.
            ndian Standard Time a standard time-zone
            covering India, Nepal and Sri Lanka, 54 hours
            ahead of Greenwich Mean Time. Abbr. I.S.T.
            ndication, letter of see traveller’s letter of
            credit under letter of credit.
            ndicator, economic see business barometer:
            money supply.
            Indices pl. of index. Also indexes. See index
            number(s).
            indictment Law a document telling an accused
            person exactly what crime(s) he is accused of.
            ) Pron. indite-.
            indifference curve ECON. THEORY a curved

            line drawn on a graph to represent various
            combinations of two commodities that give to


                evince -p 286 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            al amount of satisfaction,
            a arent about which combination
            +o choose because they are all of equal interest
            scause indifference curves point out
            to him. Becaus ill be in certain
            human behaviour wl
            wnat ymic conditions, they are much
            known economic he : ; ic
            ised by economists to analyse many econom :
            roblems, esp. that of consumer demand; suc
            use is called indifference analysis. — |
            indigenous (1) born or belonging locally;
            native: The indigenous inhabitants of a country.
            Indigenous language(s). (2) locally made or
            grown, not foreign: Jndigenous production. Syn.
            domestic; home.
            indigent of a person, reduced to a state of
            poverty and lacking normal comforts. Syn.
            needy.
            indirect arbitrage see arbitrage.
            indirect cost see fixed cost under cost.
            indirect damages see consequential damages
            under damages, n. pl.
            indirect exchange BKG. & FIN. the exchange
            between two countries expressed not in units
            of each other’s currencies (direct exchange) but
            in units of a third country. Cf. direct exchange.
            indirect expenses ACCTS. expenses of a general
            nature such as management and distribution
            costs that cannot be directly related to a par-
            ticular product or service. Cf. direct expenses.
            indirect exporting CoM. supplying goods to
            foreign markets through middlemen in the sup-
            plier’s country, such as export agents, export
            commission houses, export merchants and
            export shippers. Cf. direct exporting.
            indirect labour accts. the cost of labour which
            is employed on work which is not directly
            related to a particular product or service, such
            as cleaning and repairing buildings, running
            offices and canteens. Such costs are charged to
            the various products and services by using a
            sensible system of allocation. Cf. direct labour ;
            direct expenses.
            indirect parity see cross rate.
            indirect production see under production.
            indirect tax see under tax.
            individual demand see under demand.
            individual file see under file.
            individualism see Burke, Edmund.
            individual retirement account FIN. in
            U.S.A., an account opened with an insurance
            or investment company by a worker whose
            employer does not include him in a plan for a
            retirement pension. The worker may deposit
            in this account up to 15% of his annual earn-
            ings, no federal income tax being payable on
            the sums deposited, nor on the income resulting
            from them, until the money is withdrawn at
            _ Fetiring age. Abbr. I.R.A.
            nen see endorsement (5).
            S@ see endorse.

            a consu
            i.e. he is

            in

            industrial democracy - 275

            indorsed bond see assumed bond under bond
            Mt.
            indorsee see endorsee.
            indorsement see endorsement.
            indorser see endorser. ,
            induced consumption see under consumption.
            induced investment see under investment.
            inducement (1) CoM. something that persuades
            or influences someone to do something: Hopes
            of high profits act as an inducement to take risks.
            You must offer him some inducement to obtain
            his services. Syn. incentive. (2) LAW Inducement
            to break a contract, the tort (civil wrong) of
            unlawfully influencing a person to break a
            contract, or of unlawfully hindering him in his
            attempts to perform it. .
            induction MAN. the process of introducing a
            new employee into the organization. Induction
            schemes usu. include formal meetings with
            other staff members, job training, talks on
            company activities, etc.
            in due course see holder in due course under
            holder.
            ndustrial IND. relating to, concerned with,
            industry: Industrial development/organizations/
            workers/shares. See also industrials, pl.
            ndustrial accident see under accident.
            ndustrial action IND. REL. any action taken
            by employees, usu. members of a trade union,
            with the intention of forcing the employers to
            agree to demands for higher wages or better
            conditions of work. Such action may take the
            form of a go-slow, a ban on overtime, or a
            strike.
            ndustrial and provident society IND. & FIN.
            in Britain, one of a number of special friendly
            societies formed for the purpose of Carrying on
            a trade or industry on a co-operative basis
            mainly to improve the living conditions of
            members of the working classes. Such societies
            have limited liability.
            idustrial archaeology ECON. HIST. the study
            of former industrial activities as shown by the
            remains of machines, tools, etc.
            dustrial arts IND. (1) the processes and
            methods used in a manufacturing industry,
            such as woodworking, metalworking and build-
            ing Construction. (2) the study of these in indus-
            trial schools.
            dustrial banker BkG. a special kind of finance
            house that accepts long-term deposits which it
            uses for paying traders for goods sold under
            hire-purchase agreements. See finance house.
            dustrial company see under company.
            dustrial Court IND. REL. in Britain, an
            administrative tribunal that has power to settle
            industrial disputes if the employers’ association
            and the trade union concerned both agree to
            bring the case to it. See arbitration,
            dustrial democracy ECON. & IND. any eco-
            nomic system under which the workers take



                evince -p 287 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &


            276 - industrial design

            art in managing industries and in pers
            industrial decisions. Various forms acs
            suggested, including syndicalism, Ee . a
            ism, and worker directors on the
            nationalized and private industries.

            ial design see under design, 7. .
            stereos ificate IND. in

            velopment cert :
            ST ight tae which every industrial
            concern must obtain from the Department of
            Industry before starting to build a new factory
            or an extension to an existing factory above a
            certain size. The Department is more likely to
            grant a certificate if the development is to take
            place in a development area, thus influencing
            the siting (situation) of new industries. See
            development areas.
            industrial dispute see dispute.
            industrial efficiency see under efficiency.
            industrial espionage see industrial spying.
            industrial estate see estate (3).
            industrial fluctuations see fluctuations; trade
            cycle under cycle.
            industrial health see industrial hygiene.
            industrial hereditaments LAW land and
            buildings used for industrial purposes, and
            business premises.
            industrial hygiene IND. that branch of medical
            science that deals with protecting the health of
            industrial workers. Syn. industrial health. See
            also industrial medicine; industrial safety.
            industrial inertia IND. & ECON. an unwilling-
            ness on the part of owners of industries to
            move away from the place where their indus-
            tries were originally set up, although the con-
            ditions that caused them to be placed there
            have greatly changed.
            industrial injuries insurance see under
            insurance, classes and kinds of; benefit (3).
            industrialism ECON. an economic and political
            system under which great importance is given
            to large-scale industry.
            industrialist IND. (1) a person who owns or runs
            an industrial concern, esp. a large industrial
            company. (2) a person who believes in industri-
            alism.
            industrialization ECON. the development of the
            economy of a country or region by setting up
            large-scale industries.
            industrial life insurance see under insurance,
            classes and kinds of.
            industrial medicine IND. the branch of medi-
            cal science that deals with the protection and
            improvement of the health of people while they
            are at work. It aims to prevent accidents by
            encouraging safe systems of working, making
            tools and machines safe to use, and dangerous
            substances safe to handle; and to prevent dis-
            cases caused by smoke, dust, gases, poisons,
            noise, heat and cold, etc. Syn. occupational
            medicine. See also industrial hygiene; indus-
            trial safety.

            industrial momentum IND. a tendenc
            industries that were originally set up in Place,
            where certain special conditions existed. fn
            continue to grow in importance long after the
            special conditions have lost their effect;

            | | ve VENE Sg,
            industrial park (U.S.A.) IND. an industrial
            estate. :
            Industrial Production, Index of see unde,
            Index.

            industrial property LAW patents, industria)
            designs and trade-marks. See Internation,)
            Convention for the Protection of Industrj,)
            Property.
            industrial psychology IND. the study
            human behaviour in working surroundings
            and of relations between workers, managers,
            employers and trade unions. Syn. occupational]
            psychology. ; |
            industrial relations IND. REL. relations
            between employers and employees (individual
            relations) and between employers’ associations
            and trade unions (collective relations). See col-
            lective bargaining. Syn. labour relations,
            Industrial Revolution ECON. HIST. the name
            given by economic historians to the period of
            great changes in economic and social organi-
            zation that took place, first in Britain from
            about 1750 to about 1850, and later in some
            countries on the Continent (from 1830) and in
            U.S.A. (from 1860), Japan (1870) and Russia
            (1900). During this period the domestic system
            was replaced by a factory system. It began in
            Britain with the invention of many kinds of
            machines, the introduction of steam-power, the
            division of labour, and the development of
            road, rail and canal transport. The period saw
            the rise of trade unionism, the laissez-faire
            teachings of Adam Smith, Malthus and
            Ricardo, the opening up of overseas markets, a
            much higher output per worker and a generally
            higher standard of living.
            industrials sTK. EXCH. stocks and shares of
            industrial companies, esp. those producing
            non-consumer goods, i.e. machine tools and
            other capital goods, as distinguished from com-
            mercials. Syn. industrial stocks and shares.
            industrial safety nD. that part of industrial
            medicine that is concerned with the safety
            of people while at work, esp. from moving
            machinery, cranes, lifts, etc., and from dan-
            _ gerous substances. See industrial medicine.
            industrial services IND. the services performed
            by the many persons employed in all forms
            of industry. Cf. commercial services; direct
            Services.
            industrial spying IND. the dishonest practice
            of obtaining industrial secrets belonging to
            one’s competitors by employing spies or secret
            agents who work in the competitors’ offices
            and factories.

            industrial tribunal LAW & IND. REL. a court



                evince -p 288 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            ——————————————————— ee Oe


            which deals with disputes arising out of
            employment legislation, ¢.g. disputes over
            unfair dismissal or employment discrimi-
            une truck see fork-lift truck. —
            ‘ndustrial union see under trade union.
            ‘ndustrious hard-working; taking great care to
            work well.
            industry ECON. & IND. (1) work done for gain.
            (2) the production of useful goods by the organ-
            ‘zed use of capital and labour: Commerce
            depends on industry. (3) any organized activity
            using capital and labour to produce a particular
            product or class of product: The shipbuilding/
            aircraft/chemical/iron and steel industries.
            basic industry a heavy industry of great eco-
            nomic importance to other industries or to a
            nation, such as the iron and steel and the
            chemical industries. Cf. local industry. Syn.
            key industry.
            capital-intensive industry see capital-intensive.
            cottage industry see separate entry.
            extractive industry one that extracts (takes out)
            minerals from the earth, such as the coal-
            mining, petroleum and iron-ore industries.
            heavy industry one that produces capital goods
            of a heavy or bulky nature usu. from heavy
            or bulky raw materials and needing heavy
            machinery, such as the iron and steel, ship-
            building, and engineering industries.
            home industry see cottage industry.
            infant industry a new industry which, in the
            opinion of some economists, should be helped
            by receiving some protection in the form of an
            import duty on similar goods imported from
            foreign countries.
            infopreneurial industry see separate entry.
            labour-intensive industry see labour-intensive.
            light industry one that produces relatively small
            or light articles made from materials that are
            not heavy or bulky, such as the clothing, phar-
            maceutical and printing industries.
            linked industry an industry that produces a
            finished product which consists of many sepa-
            rate materials or parts usu. manufactured by
            many producers, as in the automobile and
            aircraft industries.
            local industry one that tends to serve only
            nearby markets, 1.e. the service industries such
            as hairdressers, garages, suppliers of fuel, food
            and drink, road transport, such as buses, taxis
            and carriers of local goods, and builders of
            houses and roads. Cf. basic industry.
            manufacturing industry one that changes raw
            materials into finished products.
            primary industry one that is concerned with
            collecting and bringing in materials that exist
            in nature, such as farming, fishing and mining.
            Cf. secondary industry; tertiary industry.
            secondary industry any industry that uses the
            materials gathered in by primary industries to

            Fp at ey a AOE a ieee

            inflation - 277

            produce commodities that Man can use either
            as Capital goods or as consumer goods. Cf.
            primary industry; tertiary industry.
            service or servicing industry see tertiary industry.
            tertiary industry any industry that does not
            produce an article or commodity but performs
            a service, such as trade, banking, insurance,
            transport, administration, the professions and
            also personal services. Cf. primary industry;
            secondary industry. Syn. service or servicing
            industry.
            industry attractiveness MAN. & ECON. the
            potential profitability of an industry based
            upon an analysis of its structure. Major work
            has been done in this area by Porter of the
            Harvard Business School. Industries will be
            unattractive if there are high barriers to entry,
            e.g. the steel industry requires a high level of
            capital investment and is therefore ‘unattrac-
            tive’.
            industry structure MAN. & ECON. a technique
            for examining the basic forces and activities
            of an industry. The most widely used model,
            devised by Porter of the Harvard Business
            School, suggests that there are five forces at
            work: the threat of new entrants, the threat
            of substitute products, buyer power, supplier
            power, and competing for position by the play-
            ers in the market.
            inelastic demand see elasticity of demand.
            inelastic supply see elasticity of supply.
            inertia see industrial inertia.
            inertia selling CoM. a method of marketing or
            selling by which the article to be sold is sent
            to a person by post without his having asked
            for or ordered it; and in some countries he has
            either to return it or pay for it. Syn. negative
            option.
            infant LAw in Britain, a person under the age
            of 18 years. Syn. minor.
            infant’s contract see under contract.
            infant industry see under industry.
            inferior good ECON. THEORY a good for which
            the demand falls when the price falls. See
            Giffen’s paradox. Syn. poor man’s goods.
            inflate v. (1) to increase; to cause to grow in size
            or amount. (2) ECON. to cause prices or the level
            of economic activity to rise, esp. by increasing
            the supply of money.
            inflation ECON. & FIN. a rise in the general level
            of prices caused by an excess of demand over
            supply and related to an increase in the supply
            of money, both as bank-notes and in the form
            of bank credit. If the rise in prices is very large
            and rapid the condition is known as hyper-
            inflation. Cf. disinflation; reflation. Opp.
            deflation. Inflation is usu. measured by calcu-
            lating the rate of increase in prices during a
            Stated period such as a month or year.
            annual rate of inflation the percentage amount
            by which the consumer price index is greater



                evince -p 289 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            278 - inflation accounting

            than it was in the same period a year before.
            bottleneck inflation higher prices caused by a
            production bottleneck, 1.¢. a lack of eee
            cost inflation the kind of inflation that is causec
            by rising costs of labour and materials, not by
            increased demand. Cf. demand inflation. Syn.
            -push inflation.
            tas “iaation a slow rise in the level of
            prices, of below 2 or 3 per cent per year. Is
            believed by some economists to be a sign that
            there is some growth in the economy which will
            be good for employment and living standards.
            demand inflation the kind of inflation caused
            by an excess of demand over supply resulting
            in a rise in the price-level and thus in a decrease
            in the value of money. Cf. cost inflation. Syn.
            demand-pull inflation.
            galloping inflation see hyper-inflation.
            hidden inflation the lowering of the quality of
            products in general in order to prevent, and so
            to hide, an increase in price.
            hyper-inflation see separate entry.
            repressed inflation see suppressed inflation
            below.
            runaway inflation see hyper-inflation.
            suppressed inflation inflation that would be
            much greater if the government were to remove
            controls on prices and wages, such as has
            existed in Britain in time of war. Syn. repressed
            inflation.
            inflation accounting ACCTS. a system of
            accounting that tries to allow for the effects of
            inflation; various methods are possible includ-
            ing valuing assets at their current value instead
            of at cost. See depreciation; current cost
            accounting.
            inflationary gap ECON. THEORY (1) in a state
            of inflation, the difference between the total of
            private and government spending and the level
            of spending needed just to support full employ-
            ment; that 1s, the excess of total demand over
            total supply. (2) that part of government spend-
            ing which is not covered by taxes or borrowing
            from the public, but is met by borrowing from
            the banks, etc. or by issuing new paper money,
            and thus adding to total demand.
            inflationary spiral ECON. a state of inflation
            that gets worse and worse, because higher
            prices result in demands for higher wages; and
            higher wages increase costs and so cause higher
            prices. Syn. wage-price spiral.
            influence n. power to produce an effect, such
            as to persuade someone to do some act: He
            used his influence to obtain an overdraft from the
            bank/an order from the government/a job for his
            son/money for the poor. Adj. influential.
            v. to have an effect on, esp. in an indirect or
            hidden manner: You cannot influence him by
            _ bribery. Do not be influenced by him.
            influx FIN. a flowing in, esp. of large amounts
            of money coming into a country: An influx of

            foreign capital. Also of persons: An infly, of
            unskilled workers.
            infopreneurial industry IND. the Productioy,
            of highly modern electronic machines for Office
            and factory automation, telecommunications
            computing, and the information services gener.
            ally.
            iaforwtios COMP. the science and practice of
            using telecommunications to pass MESSapes
            from a computer data bank to televisioy,
            screens in homes and offices. See videotex. Syn.
            information science; information technology
            information retrieval COMP. the process of (a)
            classifying and storing a large number of pieces
            of information (data) in an orderly manner jp
            the memory bank or storage unit of a com-
            puter; (b) very quickly finding any item when
            needed by the user; (c) immediately and clearly
            presenting the information for the user to read.
            information science see informatics.
            information system COMP. a collection of com-
            puter equipment which forms a single unit for
            storing and retrieving information. See infor-
            mation retrieval.
            information technology see informatics.
            Abbr. I.T.
            informative advertising see under advertis-
            ing.
            traction the breaking of a law or rule.
            infrastructure large-scale public services, such
            as water and power supplies, road, rail and air
            transport systems, telephone, telex and radio
            communications, needed to support economic
            activity, esp. industry, trade and commerce. In
            modern conditions such services need very
            large amounts of capital which only govern-
            ments can provide. Syn. social capital.
            infringement LAW any breach or interference
            in the rights of other persons, esp. copyrights
            and patents.
            ingot FIN. a bar of metal cast in a mould, for
            use in some further process.
            in-hand foods com. foods that are eaten in the
            shop or very soon after they are bought, such
            as ice-cream, as opposed to take-home foods
            (foods that are taken away from the shop and
            eaten at home).
            inherent vice INSCE. & TRANSPT. the risk or
            tendency of certain goods to go bad, to spoil,
            as in the case of many foods, such as fish, meat,
            fruit and vegetables, during a journey unless
            special steps are taken to preserve them. The
            carrier of such goods will not be held liable for
            their poor condition unless he has been told of
            the risk so that he could take special care. In
            insurance policies covering goods while being
            carried, this risk is one of the excepted perils.
            Syn. vice propre.
            inherit Law to receive property, rights, etc. as
            a gift under a will or, if there is no will, by
            intestate succession.


            enemies
            roast
            oA LATE —

                evince -p 290 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            LAW any inherited property.
            “ er tax.
            Laiesilsarayictnny — . the first: The initial
            ‘nitial adj. at the beginning, |
            initia I of a company, the capital when the
            es was first formed. The initial bid at an
            es the bid at which the auction begins.
            An initial letter, the first letter of a word, esp.
            of a name or of the first word in a chapter.
            ». to sign a document with one’s initials to
            show that one has seen, read or approved it.
            initialize v. to set the value of any variables
            before running a computer program.
            initials 7. p/. (1) a shortened signature, consist-
            ing of the first letter of each of a person’s
            or organization’s names: G.B.S. for George
            Bernard Shaw; U.S.A. for United States of
            America. (2) in an abbreviation: V.A.T. for
            value added tax.

            inject to put or force into: To inject new capital]
            ideas/energy into a business. N. injection.

            injunction LAW an order of a court of law telling
            a person that he must do, or not do, a certain
            thing. If the person does not obey, the court
            will punish him for contempt of court. Syn.
            (Scotland) interdict. See also interlocutory
            injunction.

            injury harm suffered by a person, such as a hurt
            to his body, or a wrong suffered, such as an
            injustice.

            inland adj. relating to the part of any region or
            country away from the coast. Inland waterways,
            rivers, canals, lakes. Inland postal services, those
            serving places within the country, as opposed
            to foreign or overseas services.

            inland bill see under bill of exchange.

            inland invoice see under invoice.

            inland marine insurance MAR. INSCE. a class
            of insurance that covers risks to small ships,
            barges, bridges, wharves, etc. on inland water-
            ways such as rivers, lakes and canals. Syn.
            inland transit insurance.

            inland port see under port.

            inland Revenue see Board of Inland Revenue.
            Abbr. I.R.

            inland waterways TRANSPT. rivers, canals and
            lakes used by ships, lighters or barges for trans-
            porting bulk cargoes, when speed is less impor-
            tant than low cost.
            inland waterways bill of lading see under bill of
            lading.

            inn COM. & TOUR. a hotel or public house, esp.
            one that provides food and lodging for travel-
            lers. Syn. hostelry. |

            inner reserve see hidden reserve under reserves.

            innkeeper CoM. & TOUR. a person who manages
            an inn and is ready to provide food and lodging

            _ to travellers. Syn. landlord; host.

            innkeeper’s lien see under lien.

            innovation ECON. & IND. any new invention or
            improved method of producing goods. Any
            change in methods of production that gives the

            inheritance

            insider trading - 279

            producer who first introduces it an advantage
            over his competitors that may amount to a
            temporary monopoly. Cf. invention.

            Inns of Court LAW in London, four ancient
            societies, formerly schools of law, that have the
            right of admitting properly-qualified persons to
            practise at the Bar, i.e. as barristers. The Inns
            are Gray’s Inn, the Inner Temple, the Middle
            Temple and Lincoln’s Inn. )

            inoperative having no effect; not in operation.
            Inoperative clause, in an agreement, a clause
            that for any reason has no effect. —

            input comp. 7. (1) information put into a com-
            puter. (2) the process of entering information
            in a computer. Cf. output.
            v. to enter information in a computer.

            input/output comP. the devices and programs
            which transmit data between the central pro-
            cessing unit and the peripherals. Abbr. I/O.

            inputs ECON. the factors of production (land,
            labour and capital, including materials) that
            are put into a business to produce its output,
            either as a commodity or as a service. Cf.
            output.

            input tax see value added tax under tax.

            input unit COMP. part of an electronic computer
            that is used to feed data (information) either
            into a storage system or memory or direct into
            the central processor. Cf. output unit.

            inquire see enquire.

            inquirer see enquirer.

            inquiry see enquiry.

            inquiry agent see credit agency.

            inquiry office see enquiry office under office.

            ins. inches; insurance.

            insane person LAW a mad person, one whose
            mind is so disordered that he does not know
            whether his actions are right or wrong. A
            contract made by an insane person, although
            valid (effective), may be voidable (treated as
            having never existed) if he so wishes, but it
            must be shown that the other party to the
            contract knew of his madness. A will made by
            a person while in a state of madness will not
            be supported in a court of law.

            insce. insurance.

            inscribed share see under share.

            inscribed stock see under stock.

            insertion ADVTG. (1) the act of putting an adver-
            tisement into a newspaper or magazine. (2) the
            advertisement itself: Our rate for three insertions
            is £30, we charge £30 for printing an advertise-
            ment in three issues of our paper.

            insider trading STK. EXCH. unfair secret buying
            and selling of shares by company directors
            and high officials who take advantage of their
            special knowledge of the affairs of their com-
            panies which other investors do not receive
            until later. In some countries this practice is
            against the law. Also insider dealing.



                evince -p 291 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            280 - insolvency

            insolvency Law the state or condition of being

            ‘nsolvent. Cf. solvency.
            agunvene adj. unable to pay ones debts ,
            they become due. A person is said to be inso

            at
            vent when he declares ene are ies
            he owes. A business 1s 1nsOlbVvem
            are greater than its assets or, In the case of a
            company, if its debts cannot be paid within 12
            months, the time allowed for selling all its
            assets.
            ». a debtor who is insolvent.
            inspection see examination (2). |
            inspector (1) INSCE. an official of an insurance
            company responsible for increasing the com-
            pany’s business or for settling claims. (2) BKG.
            a high officer of a bank, responsible for making
            sure that its branches are properly run. (3)
            TRANSPT. an official of a transport service
            responsible for making sure that the fares are
            collected (ticket inspector) and that the service
            is properly run. (4) IND. a government official
            responsible for seeing that the laws concerning
            safety and health in factories are obeyed (fac-
            tory inspector). See factory inspectors. (5) LAW
            in Britain, an official of the Department of
            Trade and Industry whose duty is to find out
            the facts and to report on suspected offences
            against the Companies Act. He is a company
            inspector.
            inspector of taxes TAXN. a local official of the
            Department of Inland Revenue whose main
            duty is to obtain and inspect (examine) returns
            of income from all persons and organizations
            who have an income, and to decide how much
            tax they must pay. Cf. collector of taxes. Syn.
            (U.S.A.) tax assessor.
            inst. instant, see date.
            Inst., inst. institute.
            installation IND. (1) apparatus and machinery
            used for a special purpose: A heating/plumb-
            ing/air-conditioning installation. (2) sometimes,
            buildings serving a special purpose: Port instal-
            lations, wharves, warehouses, cranes, etc. for
            loading and unloading ships and storing goods.
            Oil-storage installations. Syn. plant.
            installed capacity see capacity (1).
            instal(!)ment bond see under bond, n.
            installment note (U.S.A.) Com. a special kind
            of promissory note used when paying for goods
            bought on an instalment plan.
            instalment (1) CoM. one of a series of regular
            payments, made under an agreement, in order
            to settle a debt, esp. to buy an asset. The buyer
            expects to pay more if he buys by instalments
            than he would if payment were made in one
            cash sum because of the need to reward the
            seller for the cost of collecting the instalments
            and the interest he loses by having to wait for
            ie money; but the buyer has the advantage of
            fae possession and use of the asset while it
            8 paid for: Payment by weekly/monthly/

            quarterly instalments. Also (U.S.A.) installment.
            See hire-purchase. (2) STK. EXCH. one of a series
            of payments made by the buyer of a newly-
            issued security, usu. consisting of application
            money, allotment money and one or more fyr.
            ther payments at later dates.

            instalment credit COM. & ECON. the time that

            a supplier gives to a customer who has arrangeg
            to pay for goods by instalments.

            instalment trading COM. an arrangement

            between buyer and seller which allows the
            buyer to become the owner of the goods
            immediately, although he pays for them by a
            series of weekly or monthly instalments. See
            hire-purchase; instalment ( 1).

            instant (1) CoM. of a food, quickly made; requir-
            ing little or no preparation; ready to be eaten
            or drunk immediately: Instant coffee/tea/soup.
            (2) see date. Abbr. inst. 7 ae |

            institute clauses MAR. INSCE. in British marine
            insurance policies, certain clauses that mainly
            relate to cargoes and have the approval of the
            Institute of London Underwriters.

            Institute of London Underwriters (1.L.U.)
            MAR. INSCE. an association of insurance com-
            panies in London which carry on marine
            insurance business. Sometimes its members
            compete with Lloyd’s, but more often the two
            organizations work in co-operation with each
            other. The Institute helps its members by
            appointing agents to settle claims, by issuing
            certificates of insurance, by approving clauses
            in policies and the wording of marine policies
            themselves, and generally by looking after the
            interests of marine insurers.

            institution (1) LAW a rule of conduct or social
            behaviour set up by custom, i.e. by having long
            been accepted with approval by society, and
            thus becoming part of the law of the country:
            Marriage is an institution, and so are the family
            and inheritance. (2) ECON. a group of people
            united for a common purpose, with an organi-
            zation or system that has been set up to carry
            out this purpose: A charitable/educational|
            research/financial institution. (3) FIN. & COM. a
            large and important unit in the business system
            such as the Bank of England, Lloyd’s, the
            money market.

            institutional economics ECON. THEORY the
            study of the part played in the economic system
            by the main institutions, i.e. social organi-
            zations that take collective action, such as
            employers’ associations, trade unions, compan-
            les, cartels, and trade associations, rather than
            by single persons acting alone. See Veblen,
            Thorsten. Syn. institutionalism.

            institutional investor sTK. EXCH. a large
            organization such as an insurance company,
            unit trust, pension fund and trade union, that
            has large sums of money to invest and is there-


                evince -p 292 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &


            INS

            e much more powerful in ay lp finan-
            jal policy than single private investors. —
            tess nalism see institutional economics.
            Ee alia ECON. a person who believes in
            oa . portance of having powerful eee
            to develop and run the economic and socia
            See institutional economics.
            syste nder monopol
            institutional monopoly see un Poly:
            ‘astruct (1) LAW to give directions, esp. as a
            client to a solicitor, or as a solicitor to a barris-
            ter: We have instructed our solicitor to bring a
            court action and he will instruct counsel. The
            judge instructed the jury on difficult points of law,
            he explained them. (2) BKG. to give an order
            to one’s bankers to do something: You should
            instruct your bank to stop the cheque.
            instruction (1) an order, direction or command
            telling somebody to do something: We await
            your instructions, please tell us what you wish
            us to do. (2) training in some subject by an
            instructor (teacher): Instruction in credit control.
            (3) COMP. a word or group of letters or numbers
            that directs the computer to perform a particu-
            lar operation.
            instructions p/. directions on how something is
            to be done or used: Read the instructions on the
            box carefully before using this instrument.
            instrument LAW a legal name for a formal
            document; a document drawn up in legal form,
            | e.g. a deed; a bond.
            credit instrument any of a number of documents
            that result in money being transferred from one
            person to another, such as cheques, promissory
            notes, drafts, letters of credit, and postal and
            money orders. Syn. financial instrument.
            inchoate instrument see separate entry.
            negotiable instrument see separate entry.
            instrumentality MAN. in theories of motivation
            in the workplace, instrumentality describes the
            employee’s belief that certain acts (e.g. work-
            ing overtime one weekend) will lead to certain
            outcomes (e.g. higher productivity and perhaps
            eventual promotion). If an employee is unclear
            about the instrumentality of a certain piece of
            work, he or she may not be motivated to do it
            well. See also expectancy; valence.
            insubordination LAW & IND. REL. refusal to
            obey or give due respect to a person in a
            _ Position of higher authority.
            insur. insurance.
            insurable interest INSCE. & LAW a direct monet-
            ary interest in an object or person being
            insured. It is a ruling condition of insurance
            that the person who benefits from an insurance
            Contract must himself be liable to suffer a loss
            that can be valued in units of money if the
            insured object is damaged or lost, or the insured
            Peeing ress oe If this condition is
            ; not insurable and the

            randeags would not be supported in a court of
            w.

            for

            = =

            .. 2a a )) ope Vt ae

            urance, classes and kinds of - 281

            insurable risk see under risk. 2

            insurance INSCE. (1) the practice of sharing
            among many persons, risks to life or property
            that would otherwise be suffered by only a few.
            This is effected by each person paying a sum
            of money called a premium which, with those
            paid by all the others, is put into a ‘pool’ or
            insurance fund, out of which money is paid to
            the few who suffer loss. See also assurance.
            Abbr. ins.; insce.; insur. (2) the business of
            insuring lives and property against harm, dam-
            age or loss in return for the payment of a sum
            of money (the premium) according to the degree
            of risk. (3) a written or printed contract, called
            a policy of insurance or insurance policy. See
            insurance policy. (4) the amount for which
            life or thing is insured, called the sum insured:
            When he died, his widow received the £5000
            insurance. With the insurance I got on my wrecked
            car, I bought a boat. (5) the premiums paid for
            insuring a life or thing: /t is the landlord's
            responsibility to pay the insurance on his property.
            My employer pays the insurance on my life.

            insurance agent INSCE. (1) a person who intro-
            duces insurance business to an insurance com-
            pany in return for a commission. (2) the name
            given to an insurance employee who looks after
            a group of policy holders.

            insurance broker see under broker.

            insurance certificate see certificate of
            insurance.

            insurance, classes and kinds of INSCE. there
            are many kinds of insurance contract, all of
            which fall within one or other of the four main
            classes: accident, fire, life and marine. (For
            names of various policies see under insurance
            policy.)
            accident insurance includes a wide varie ty of
            policies dealing mainly with loss of property
            other than by fire and lightning and with prop-
            erty other than ships and their cargoes. One of
            the biggest sections is theft insurance, formerly
            called burglary insurance. It also includes a wide
            range of liability insurance.
            agreed-value insurance in the case of a non-
            marine insurance, any insurance that provides
            that in the event of a total loss, the sum insured
            will be payable, no allowance being made for
            ppreciation or depreciation. In the case of a
            marine insurance, the value of the goods is
            agreed at the start of the policy and will be the
            basis of payment by the insurers in the event
            of any loss, whether total or partial,
            aleatory insurance see aleatory.
            annuity insurance a group of life insurance
            contracts under which a fixed sum of money is
            payable by the insurer to the party named to
            receive it (the annuitant), for a stated number
            of years (terminable annuit , Or during the life
            of the annuitant (/ife annuity), or during his life
            and that of another person (joint annuity). (A



                evince -p 293 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            282 - insurance, classes and kinds «

            perpetual annuity is not an insurance contract:
            see separate entry.) The right to receive an
            annuity can be bought, usu. from a life
            insurance society or company, either for a
            single premium (i.e. a single sum in cash) or
            by instalments (fixed regular payments) over a
            number of years. The price paid for a life
            annuity is based on the annuitant's expectation
            of life at the age at which the payments by the
            ‘nsurers are due to begin, and the price is
            higher for women because they usu. live longer
            than men.
            assessment insurance see mutual insurance
            below.
            automobile insurance see motor insurance below.
            aviation insurance an important section of acci-
            dent insurance that includes policies insuring
            an aircraft itself, its cargo and legal liability to
            passengers and crew and to airport authorities,
            etc. Some marine insurance offices also offer
            aviation policies.
            blanket insurance (a) any insurance that covers
            a group of different kinds of risks, such as fire,
            theft, storm, etc. (6) an insurance that covers
            property in a number of different places. Syn.
            (U.S.A.) package insurance.
            block insurance any insurance that covers risks
            of several kinds on goods being sent in many
            small lots by various means of transport. Such
            policies usu. make conditions, e.g. that goods
            to not more than a certain value shall be sent
            in the same vehicle.
            burglary insurance see theft insurance below.
            casualty imsurance all classes of insurance
            except fire and life insurance. Syn. (U.S.A.)
            property and liability insurance; property-
            casualty insurance; multiple-line insurance.
            co-insurance the sharing of a risk by two or
            more insurers within a single insurance con-
            tract. An under-insured claimant is considered
            to be a co-insurer for the amount of the under-
            insurance, i.e. he has to bear that part of the
            risk himself. In certain cases an insurer may
            make it a condition that the insured shall be
            a co-insurer for part of the risk. See under-

            insurance below.

            contingency insurance an important section of
            accident insurance that includes policies
            insuring against loss from a variety of risks,
            such as breach of trust, defects in title, missing
            documents, etc.

            declaration insurance any insurance that pro-
            vides that the insured will declare to the insur-
            ers at regular intervals, e.g. monthly, details
            such as the value of goods held in stock or in
            transit and covered under a fire or loss-in-
            transit policy, and details of journeys made by
            persons covered by a personal accident group
            policy; and at the end of the year, the premium
            is adjusted according to the amounts declared.
            Syn. stock declaration policy; floating policy

            af

            (marine).
            deposit insurance see separate entry. |
            engineering insurance a section in the acciden;
            insurance class, by which the insurers Provide
            an inspection (examination) service by skille g
            surveyors, and insurance cover for: lifts and
            lifting gear such as cranes; boilers and othe,
            pressure plant; electrical machinery and appar.
            atus; and engines of all kinds.
            excess and surplus lines insurance in US,
            insurance business accepted by an out-of-state
            insurer after having been refused by an admit.
            ted insurer.
            fidelity insurance (a) a section in the acciden;
            insurance class including policies that ingure
            against breaches of fidelity, such as loss regy}t-
            ing from an employee’s dishonesty. (5) policies
            that provide insurance against breach of cop-
            tract.
            fire insurance one of the four main Classes of
            insurance; it includes a number of risks as wel]
            as fire.
            floating insurance (a) any insurance that covers
            property in more than one place, or the fidelity
            of more than one employee. (5) in marine
            insurance, a kind of declaration policy, the
            insurer receiving a premium for an agreed sum
            insured; this sum is reduced by the value of
            each cargo declared by the insured. Syn.
            floater; open insurance.
            free insurance any insurance contract under
            which premiums are no longer payable, e.g.
            when the policy has been fully paid.
            group insurance the insurance under a single
            policy of a group of persons, such as employees
            of the same employer, or members of a club.
            health insurance see national insurance. Also see
            the following under insurance policy: medical
            expenses policy; permanent health policy; pri-
            vate health insurance policy.
            hull insurance see hull.
            industrial injuries insurance in Britain, a govern-
            ment insurance scheme that provides for pay-
            ment of benefits to industrial workers who are
            injured or disabled or made seriously ill at
            work. Special death benefits are also paid to
            the representatives of persons who may be
            killed, or develop a serious disease, at work.
            industrial life insurance a special group of life
            insurance contracts aimed to attract industrial
            workers with relatively low incomes. Premiums
            are collected in small amounts weekly, fort-
            nightly or monthly, usu. by agents visiting the
            homes of the policy holders. Policies may be
            whole-life, endowment or recurring endowment
            policies, these last being for five, seven or
            ten years, giving the policy holder the option
            (choice) of putting the cash received at the end
            of the period into further insurance for a larger
            sum insured. Syn. home service insurance;
            industrial business.


                evince -p 294 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            ins

            insurance a group of policies in the
            insurance class, that protect the
            rson against his liability to pay com-
            ee bodily injury, sickness or death,
            or for damage to property. Such liability may
            arise esp. in the use of motor vehicles, the
            exercise of a profession (such as medicine and
            the law), the running of a business (employer’s
            liability, etc.) and in private life.
            life insurance or assurance (a) one of the four
            main classes of insurance which includes all
            insurances that relate to an inevitable event,
            /e. one that must happen at some time, such
            as a person’s death, or the date he reaches a
            certain age. (5) a way of providing for money
            to be paid by an insurance company or society
            either to oneself at some fixed date, such as on
            one’s retirement, or to one’s representatives
            after one’s death. The main kinds of life
            insurance policy are whole-life, term, endowment
            and annuity.
            marine insurance the oldest of the four main
            classes of insurance, dealing with a variety of
            policies that give cover to owners of ships,
            their cargoes, and of other marine property
            against damage or loss caused by maritime
            perils, i.e. accidents that may happen at sea, in
            harbour or on inland waterways. Some marine
            policies cover liabilities to third parties (per-
            sons not party to the contract), and also cover
            loss of earnings from freight. Abbr. mar. insce.
            medical insurance see health insurance above.
            motor insurance a special section in the acci-
            dent insurance class covering the owner of a
            motor vehicle against damage or loss due to an
            accident, fire, theft, etc. and also his legal
            liability to third parties, usu. other road users.
            See third party. Syn. (U.S.A.) automobile
            insurance.
            mutual imsuramce insurance by a non-profit-
            making organization usu. called a mutual
            insurance company or society. The members
            are its policy holders, who share any profits;
            but they do not have limited liability and there-
            fore have to pay extra contributions if the
            society’s claims and expenses are greater than
            its income from premiums and contributions.
            In marine insurance, special mutual insurance
            associations exist to protect shipowners. Cf.
            proprietary insurance below. Syn. assessment
            insurance; (U.S.A.) participating insurance;
            reciprocal insurance.
            national insurance see separate entry.
            open insurance see floating insurance above.
            package insurance (U.S.A.) see blanket
            insurance above.
            paid-up insurance a whole-life or endowment
            insurance which, at the request of the insured
            person, has been changed so that no further
            premiums are payable and the sum insured is
            reduced in the proportion that the number of

            liability
            accident

            urance, classes and kinds of - 283

            premiums paid bears to the total of premiums
            that would be payable if the Original contract
            had continued unchanged. The date when the
            sum insured is payable remains unchanged, i.e.
            on the maturity date Originally agreed or on
            the earlier death of the insured person.

            participating insurance see mutual insurance
            above.

            pluvius insurance see separate entry.

            property and liability insurance see casualty

            insurance above.

            property-casualty imsurance see casualty

            insurance above.

            proprietary insurance insurance by a commer-

            cial profit-making company, not a mutual

            insurance.

            reciprocal insurance see mutual insurance above.

            reinsurance the sharing of large risks among

            two or more insurers, each of whom takes

            responsibility for a fixed part of any loss, and
            receives a like proportion of the premiums.

            Quota-share reinsurance is an arrangement by
            which the reinsurer contracts to bear an agreed
            proportion, e.g. 25%, of any loss in return for
            the same proportion of the premiums. Excess-
            of-loss reinsurance is when the reinsurer con-
            tracts to pay losses above an agreed amount
            but only up to a stated limit. Treaty reinsurance
            is a formal agreement (treaty) by which a
            reinsurer for a given period, e.g. a year,
            reinsures all the direct insurer’s business of a
            certain class, e.g. marine. By contrast, facultat-
            ive reinsurance is an arrangement by which each
            risk is the subject of a separate reinsurance
            agreement. Reinsurance-to-close is the policy
            protecting the large sum of money that one
            Lloyd’s syndicate passes on to another to meet
            any losses on the policies which the second
            syndicate takes over. Also re-insurance (with
            hyphen). Abbr. R.I.; R/I.

            social insurance see national insurance.

            theft insurance an important section of accident
            insurance that includes policies insuring
            against loss where the main risk is from steal-
            ing, such as all-risks policies, money policies,
            and sometimes policies for business premises
            and private houses. Formerly called burglary
            insurance.

            under-insurance the position of a person who is
            insufficiently insured under a policy, e.g. when
            the sum insured is not sufficient to rebuild the
            insured property in the event of a total loss by
            fire. See co-insurance above.

            weather insurance an insurance against the risk
            of some event, such as a sports meeting, being
            cancelled by bad weather. See _ pluvius
            insurance under pluvius.

            workmen’s compensation insurance in U.S.A.,
            insurance taken out by an employer to meet his
            liability to employees who are hurt in accidents
            while at work. In Britain, this liability is largely



                evince -p 295 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            284 - insurance commission

            covered by the National Insurance (Industrial

            Injuries) Act. aie
            insurance commission see under commission.

            insurance, double see double insurance.
            insurance fund see insurance (1).
            insurance market see Lloyd's. |
            insurance policy INSCE. a written or printed
            contract by which the insurer, in return for a
            payment called a premium, binds himself to
            pay the person named in the policy, called the
            insured, a certain sum of money, called the surn
            insured, when a stated event happens. This
            event may be the death or injury of the insured,
            or of some other named person, or damage or
            loss to the insured’s property by fire, by theft
            or other forms of dishonesty, by accident, or
            from dangers at sea. There are many variations
            of insurance policy; the most frequently met
            are given below. See also insurance, classes and
            kinds of. Syn. policy of insurance.
            all-risks policy a policy within the theft section
            of accident insurance (because the main risk
            is stealing) that insures the policy holder
            against loss from a very wide set of risks while
            in certain stated countries or the whole world.
            This kind of insurance is important for persons
            who have clothing, personal possessions and
            other valuable property that is often taken
            away from home or moved from place to place.
            The premium rate is high.
            annuity certain a life insurance annuity policy
            that provides for the payment of an annuity in
            fixed amounts at stated dates, usu. for a fixed
            number of years. These payments are not
            affected by the death of the annuitant or of
            any other person. Cf. life annuity. Syn. certain
            annuity; terminable annuity.
            bad debts policy see credit policy below.
            baggage policy a policy, usu. in the class of
            accident insurance, but sometimes arranged
            by marine insurers, that insures passengers’
            baggage and personal things against most of
            the risks likely to be met on a journey, the
            dates and places of the journey being stated in
            the policy. Such insurance is often combined
            with medical expenses and loss-of-deposits
            insurance. See traveller’s policy below.
            borrow-all policy a life insurance contract that
            gives the insured person the right to borrow
            enough money each year from the insurance
            company to pay the annual premiums.
            builders’ policy see shipbuilders’ policy below.
            business interruption policy see consequential
            loss policy below.
            business premises policy a policy in the fire
            insurance class that insures business premises
            including buildings, contents and rent against
            loss by fire and lightning, aircraft and
            explosion, earthquake, riot and civil disturb-
            ance, storm, burst pipes or tanks, and impact
            (striking) by vehicles or animals.

            capital redemption policy a life insuranc
            by which a sum of money is paid on
            date, whether or not the insured PErSON is alive
            or dead on that date. Syn. sinking fund Policy
            cargo policy a marine insurance policy that
            covers a ship’s cargo, as distinguished from
            a policy that covers the hull. See also Cargo
            syndicate.
            cash-in-transit policy a money polic
            theft section of accident insurance, that COVers
            the insured against loss, esp. by theft, of sums
            of cash, e.g. for wages being carried between
            a stated bank and the insured’s offices and aj.,,
            in the case of some businesses receiving large
            amounts of cash from sales, such as a depart-
            ment store, between their premises and the
            bank. (In transitu: Latin, on the journey.)
            cash-refund annuity a life insurance annuity
            contract that provides for the payment at the
            death of the annuitant of a sum in cash equa]
            to the difference between the capital sum paid
            by the annuitant for the annuity and the tota|
            of the sums paid to him up to his death.
            child’s deferred policy usu. an insurance on the
            parents’ life for a period until the child is aged
            18 or more when a lump sum will be payable
            to the child. (There are a number of variations.)
            Syn. children’s policy; junior policy; threshold
            policy; child’s policy.
            collective policy a policy that is issued where
            co-insurance exists. See co-insurance under
            insurance, classes and kinds of.
            combined policy a marine insurance contract
            between a group of insurers and the ship-
            owners, which covers a number of vessels
            against a number of risks.
            comprehensive or household policy a policy in
            the fire insurance class that insures the building
            and contents of a private house against fire,
            flood, storm, explosion, theft, malicious dam-
            age, certain accidental breakages, and liabilit-
            ies to third parties. Syn. householders’ policy;
            house-owner’s policy; (U.S.A.) homeowner’s
            policy.
            comprehensive motor policy a motor-car policy
            in the accident insurance class, that covers
            several kinds of risk, such as accidental damage
            to, or loss of, the car, accidental injury to, or
            death of, the driver and passengers, medical
            expenses, loss of possessions by accident, theft
            or fire, third-party liability, etc.
            consequential loss policy a policy in the fire
            insurance class that protects the insured from
            loss of profit and the additional cost of working
            following interference with, or interruption of,
            the business caused by fire or by any other
            risk insured against. Syn. business interruption
            policy; loss-of-profits policy; profits policy;
            (U.S.A.) use and occupancy policy.
            construction policy see shipbuilders’ policy
            below.

            e Policy
            a fixed

            Y iM the

            . ———a


                evince -p 296 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            contingent annuity a life insurance annuity pol-
            icy that provides for payments to begin when
            4 certain event takes place, e.g. the death of a
            named person who is not the annuitant.
            contingent or survivorship policy a life insurance
            olicy by which the sum insured is payable
            only if the person whose life is insured dies
            while a named other person is still alive.
            continuous disability policy see permanent
            health policy.
            contract policy one of the medium-term policies
            issued to British exporters by the Export Cred-
            its Guarantee Department (E.C.G.D.) of the
            government to provide insurance cover if the
            foreign buyer should fail to perform his part
            of the contract.
            contractor’s indemnity policy a policy in the
            accident insurance class, insuring a building-
            contractor’s property against loss or damage,
            and covering his liability to third parties. Syn.
            contractor's all-risks policy.
            credit policy a policy in the accident insurance
            class that protects the insured seller of goods
            against loss due to the insolvency of the buyer.
            Such policies are often given in connection
            with bills of exchange. Syn. bad debts
            insurance. Cf. contract policy.
            death duties policy a life insurance policy of
            which the sum insured is intended to pay estate
            duty tax on the death of the insured person.
            defective-title policy a contingency policy in the
            accident insurance class, arranged by a buyer
            of land and buildings when the seller cannot
            prove a perfectly clear title to the property.
            The buyer is protected against loss if some
            other person successfully claims a better title.
            Syn. title policy.
            deferred annuity a life insurance annuity policy
            that becomes payable at a stated date in the
            future, usu. when the annuitant reaches a cer-
            tain age. Cf. reversionary annuity; immediate
            annuity.
            earthquake policy see earthquake.
            educational policy a special kind of endowment
            insurance on the life of a parent, the sum
            insured being payable by instalments over a
            number of years during which the cost of a
            child’s education has to be paid.
            employers’ liability policy a policy in the acci-
            dent insurance class protecting an employer
            against his liability to pay compensation if
            there is an accident caused by his failure to
            perform a duty owed to his employees. In
            Britain, every employer of labour must by law
            have this insurance.
            endowment policy a life insurance policy by
            which the sum insured is payable at the end of
            a fixed period of ten or more years or on the
            Carlier death of the person insured. Double
            endowment policy, an arrangement by which
            the sum insured will be doubled if the insured

            insurance policy - 285

            Person lives to the end of the fixed period. Pure
            endowment policy, an arrangement by which no
            bela insured, payment of the sum insured
            , 8 Cue at a fixed date; if the insured person
            dies before that date, the contract ends, with or
            without any return of the premiums. Recurring
            endowment policy, an industrial insurance pro-
            ducing a cash sum payable at intervals of five
            or Seven years,
            equity-linked policy a life insurance policy of
            which the sum insured varies according to the
            performance of equity, or ordinary, shares,
            on the Stock Exchange. Some insurers have
            investment trusts which they use, while others
            invest the premiums in existing unit trusts
            under skilled management. Such policies are
            more risky, and may therefore not be attractive
            to the man with a family to provide for, but
            may give some hedge (protection) against
            inflation.
            family-income policy a temporary life insurance
            policy; if the person dies within the term of
            the policy, an income is payable from the date
            of death to the end of the term. If the person
            insured is still alive at the end of the term, the
            policy comes to an end and he receives nothing.
            fire policy a contract by which an insurer, in
            return for a premium, agrees to pay to the
            insured the cost of any damage or loss caused
            by fire. In Britain, the standard fire policy
            insures not only against fire but also against
            lightning and explosion of gas and household
            boilers; and for an extra premium other risks
            may be included such as damage by burst
            pipes, storm, flood, earthquake, riot and civil
            commotion. See also comprehensive or house-
            holder’s policy; business premises policy; con-
            sequential loss policy above. Abbr. F.P.
            floating policy see floating insurance under
            insurance, classes and kinds of. Abbr. F.P.
            flood policy see flood.
            freight policy a marine insurance contract that
            protects the insured against loss of freight (pay-
            ment for carrying a cargo).
            goods-in-transit policy a policy in the accident
            insurance class, that covers damage or loss to
            goods while they are being transported (car-
            ried), from the moment they are loaded on to
            a vehicle until they are unloaded at the end of
            the journey; or from dispatch to delivery in the
            case of postal parcels.
            group life policy a single policy that insures
            the lives of many or all the employees in an
            organization ; the sum insured for each separate
            employee is based on an agreed number of
            times his salary or wages.
            group pension policy a single life insurance
            policy to provide each of a number of
            employees with a retirement pension for life,
            either by using a number of deferred annuities
            or by buying immediate annuities with money



                evince -p 297 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            286 - insurance policy

            eS e also
            received from endowment insurances. Se

            nt annuity below. , )
            aed annuity (a) an annuity agement
            < paid for a certain number of years W eth

            : gal an
            or not the person insuret See
            annuity which ab Sn en

            e ~ |
            — nas aan (US.A.) see comprehensive
            = a

            ak or householder’s or house-owner’s pol-
            icy see comprehensive policy above. -
            house-purchase policy a life insurance policy
            that is either: a term insurance, when a mort-
            gage is repaid by annual payments, the life
            cover getting less and less as the unpaid balance
            of the debt is reduced, but being always enough
            to settle the unpaid balance if the insured
            should die before the end of the term, or an
            endowment insurance, which will repay the loan
            on maturity or in the event of the death of
            the insured before maturity. Syn. mortgage
            protection policy.

            hull policy a marine insurance policy on the
            hull of a ship.

            immediate annuity a life insurance annuity pol-
            icy by which the annuity payments begin either
            immediately it has been bought or six months
            later. Cf. deferred annuity.

            increasing annuity a life insurance annuity pol-
            icy that provides for an increase in payments
            at a stated percentage rate, either annually or
            after agreed periods such as every five years;
            it is intended to help the annuitant to meet
            increases in the cost of living in times of
            inflation.

            investment-linked policy a life insurance con-
            tract by which part of the premiums are used
            by the insurers to buy investment trust units,
            either with an equity or a property portfolio.
            See also equity-linked policy above. Syn. unit-
            linked policy.
            joint annuity a life insurance annuity policy
            that provides for payment of an annuity on the
            lives of two persons; it continues during the
            life of the person who lives the longer.
            joint life and survivor annuity a life insurance
            annuity policy similar to a joint annuity except
            that the payments are at a reduced rate from
            the time that the first person dies. Syn. joint
            and survivorship annuity.
            joint life endowment policy an insurance on the
            lives of two persons, the sum insured being
            payable on the maturity date or on the death
            of the first to die if that happens before the
            maturity date.

            — whole-life — an insurance on the lives

            O persons, the sum insured being payable

            sets death of the first to die. Cf. last Schick

            unior i ‘1a?
            ws swertinse policy see child’s deferred pol-

            last-survivor policy an insurance on the lives
            two persons, the sum insured being payable ,
            the death of the last to die. Cf. joint whole-lir,
            Oe aaalie a life insurance annuity policy that
            provides for payment of an annuity only during
            a life or lives. Cf. annuity certain.
            Lloyd’s policy see under Lloyd's. os
            loss-of-profits policy see consequential logs poy.
            icy above. oe |
            medical expenses policy a policy in the acciden,
            ‘nsurance class that insures a person against tp,
            risk of accident or illness, esp. when abroaq
            resulting in heavy medical expenses. Such pol}.
            cies are often combined with baggage and
            loss-of-deposits policies. See traveller’s policy.
            private health policy below. |
            mixed policy a marine insurance policy that
            insures a ship for a fixed period during which
            she is making voyages between two stated
            places; a mixture of time policy and voyage
            policy.

            mortgage protection policy see house-purchase


            ee a

            policy above. |
            non-profit policy see without-profits policy
            below.

            open policy see floating insurance under
            insurance, classes and kinds of.

            partnership policy a special life insurance con-
            tract intended to provide the remaining part-
            ners of a firm with a capital sum of money on
            the death of any one of their fellow partners.
            This payment helps to overcome the disturb-
            ance caused by the dead partner’s capital being
            taken out of the firm by his representatives.
            payment protection policy an insurance policy
            taken out by a borrower, usu. at the demand
            of the lender, for the purpose of protecting the
            lender against loss if the borrower cannot repay
            the loan because of illness or death.
            permanent health policy an extension of a per-
            sonal accident insurance with sickness cover,
            for an agreed number of years, usu. until the
            insured person reaches a certain age; the _
            insurer agrees to continue the policy during |
            that period provided the premiums are paid,
            however many claims the insured person may
            make. Syn. continuous disability policy.
            perpetual annuity see separate entry.

            personal accident policy an insurance contract
            under which an agreed sum of money is paid _
            in the event of death or loss of eyes and limbs |
            as the result of an accident caused by violent
            external and visible means, with weekly pay-
            ments during the time that the insured person
            cannot work. See also traveller's policy below.
            Some personal accident policies also insure
            against sickness of all kinds or against certain
            Stated diseases. The amount of the premium

            differs widely according to the occupation of |
            the insured person. |

            ———— een

            a =


                evince -p 298 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            see pluvius insurance.
            sa policy a special kind of contract

            th an insurance company OF a non-profit-
            wilt society, often in the form of a group
            ee by which, in return for a regular
            ina oe ‘the insured person is repaid, up to
            prem gee figure, certain stated expenses such
            ae tor’s and surgeon’s fees, hospital charges
            as -oom, board, nursing and laboratory ser-
            or and the cost of medicines. In many coun-
            ee private health insurance exists in addition
            to, or as part of, national health services run by
            ‘he government. See National Health Service;
            medical expenses policy above. |
            professional indemnity policy a policy in the
            accident insurance class, protecting a pro-
            fessional person, such as a doctor, lawyer,
            accountant, or architect, if claims are made
            against him for damages for negligence or
            mistakes. See also public liability policy below.
            Abbr. P.I.
            profits policy see consequential loss policy

            above.

            public liability policy an accident insurance pol-

            icy similar to a professional idemnity policy

            (see above) but protecting a non-professional

            but self-employed person or firm, such as a

            builder, electrician or painter, from claims

            made against him for damages for negligence

            or mistakes.

            refund annuity a life insurance annuity policy

            that provides for the payment on the annui-

            tant’s death of a lump sum (the refund) to

            his representatives, based on the difference

            between the original price paid for the annuity

            and the total amount paid to the annuitant up

            to his death. This lump sum is sometimes
            replaced by regular payments to a named per-
            son.

            reinstatement policy a fire or accident policy in
            which the insurer promises to pay claims based
            on the cost of rebuilding or replacing the
            insured goods, buildings, machinery, etc. with
            new goods or articles.

            retirement annuity a deferred annuity policy
            that provides for payment of a pension to the
            annuitant from the date of his retirement, usu.
            at the age of 60 or 65, until his death. (There
            are a number of variations.) See also group
            pension policy above.

            reversionary annuity a life insurance annuity
            policy that provides for payments to begin on
            the death of an insured person to a named
            person and to continue for life; but if the
            named person dies first, the contract comes to
            an end and nothing is payable.

            shipbuilders’ policy a marine insurance policy
            that covers certain risks when building a vessel.
            Syn. construction policy; building risk policy;
            builders’ policy.

            shipment policy in Britain, one of the medium-

            ipvius
            private

            insurance policy - 287

            term policies issued to British exporters by the
            Export Credits Guarantee Department
            (E.C.G.D.) of the government to provide
            msurance cover if the foreign buyer should fail
            to perform his part of the contract. See Export
            Credits Guarantee Department.
            single-premium policy a life insurance policy for
            which only one premium is paid, in a single
            payment at the beginning of the agreed period |
            of the insurance, usu. two to five years. Such
            policies are sometimes called guaranteed income
            bonds; during the agreed period the insured
            person receives an income, usu. paid half-
            yearly, of an agreed percentage of the original
            premium, this income being net of basic-rate
            income tax. At the end of the agreed period,
            the insurers must return to the insured person
            a sum equivalent to the original premium.
            sinking fund policy see capital redemption pol-
            icy above.
            stop-loss policy one that protects a member
            of a Lloyd’s syndicate against big personal
            underwriting losses. The member has to bear
            only the first 10% to 15% of any loss, thus
            limiting his personal liability.
            storm policy see pluvius insurance.
            straight life policy see whole-life policy below.
            survivor policy see contingent or survivorship
            policy above.
            survivorship annuity a life insurance annuity
            that continues to be paid after the annuitant’s
            death to a named person, e.g. his widow.
            temporary annuity a life insurance annuity pay-
            able for a fixed period of years; but it stops if
            the annuitant dies before the end of that period.
            temporary policy see term policy below.
            term policy a life insurance contract for a fixed
            term (period of time) e.g. five or ten years; the
            sum insured becomes payable if the insured
            person dies within this period. If he is still
            alive at the end of it, the policy comes to an
            end and he receives nothing. A convertible term
            policy is an arrangement by which the insured
            person may convert (change) at any time to a
            whole-life policy, or to an endowment policy.
            A decreasing term policy is one under which the
            sum insured gets smaller every year; such a
            policy is usu. used to provide life cover when
            the insured person is buying a house on a
            redeemable mortgage. Another form of term
            policy is a family-income policy, see above.
            terminable annuity an annuity certain that is
            payable for a stated number of years. Cf. per-
            petual annuity.
            threshold insurance policy see child’s deferred
            policy above.
            time policy a marine insurance policy insuring
            a ship for a stated period of from one month
            to one year.
            title policy see defective-title policy above. —
            traveller’s policy a personal accident policy


                evince -p 299 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            288 - insurance premium

            d with insurance of baggage, medic:

            deposits. |
            eee ment-linked polic

            combine ‘?
            expenses and loss Of ¢
            a eke policy see invest

            bove.
            eel policy see separate entry.

            use and occupancy policy (U.S.A.) see const

            tial loss policy above. 3
            aed policy see agreed-value insurance unde

            lasses and kinds of. .
            victable.couiiex a life insurance annuity polic
            under which the amount of the payments t
            the annuitant vary according to the incom
            from the stocks and shares in which the put
            chase price has been invested. It is intende
            to protect the annuitant in time of inflation.
            voyage policy a marine insurance polic
            insuring a ship for a stated voyage. Cf. tim
            policy.
            wager policy see separate entry.
            whole-life policy a policy that provides that th
            insured person pays the premiums (weekly
            monthly, or yearly) for the rest of his life, anc
            that the insurers will pay the sum insured onl:
            on his death. This is called a straight life policy
            It is, however, usual to arrange that premium
            are no longer paid when the insured perso!
            reaches retirement age (60 or 65), this bein;
            called whole life with limited payments policy
            Also whole-of-life policy.
            with-profits policy a life insurance policy whict
            carries with it the right to receive a share in the
            profits made by the life fund of the insurance
            company. The premium is higher than in the
            case of a without-profits policy. The profits are
            added to the basic sum insured in the form of
            bonuses declared by the company out of its
            profits for a given period. Cf. without-profits
            policy. —
            without-profits policy a life insurance policy in
            which the sum insured is fixed from the start
            of the contract, and there is to be no share in
            the profits of the insurance company. Cf. with-
            profits policy. Syn. non-profit policy.
            insurance premium see premium (6).
            insurance surveyor see under surveyor.
            insure INSCE. to make sure, esp. to arrange by
            paying money to an insurer that one will be
            paid an agreed sum if one suffers loss caused
            by an uncertain happening such as accident,
            fire or theft; or that an amount will be paid on
            a certain date or on one’s death or the death
            of another person. Generally, to give or obtain
            an insurance policy. To insure against, to
            arrange insurance covering a particular risk.
            the goods insured y. insured value, the value of
            ods 1 in the policy. Insured vessel
            the ship insured in the policy.
            insured, the INSCE. the person or organization

            whose life or Property is insured under an



            ‘nsurance contract given or issued by the
            ‘nsurers. Syn. the assured. .
            insurer(s) INSCE. the party or parties, USU. an
            y ‘nsurance company or a Lloyd’s underwriter
            who take upon themselves the risk of Paying
            for losses in accordance with the conditions of
            an insurance contract. Cf. insured, the; assurey
            admitted insurer in U.S.A., an insurer who hag
            been licensed (or admitted) by the governmen;
            of a State to do business in that State. ay
            insurance business must be offered first to an
            admitted insurer. If refused, it may then be
            offered to insurers outside the State, calleg
            excess and surplus lines insurers. ,
            excess and surplus lines insurers see admitted
            y insurers above.
            int. interest.
            eS assets see under assets. “és
            integration IND. & ECON. THEORY the combining
            under one management of two or more manu-
            facturing concerns. There are various forms of
            integration in industry. Syn. combination. Cf.
            interlocking directorates. . . |
            backward integration see vertical integration
            below. 5
            circular integration a form of integration that
            is partly vertical and partly horizontal.
            diagonal integration a form of integration that
            takes place when a producer buys control of a
            business that performs services that are useful
            | for the main activity of the producer, such as
            a vehicle-repair works integrated with a road-
            | transport company.
            | forward integration see vertical integration
            , below.
            horizontal integration that form of integration
            by which an individual concern obtains control
            of competing businesses carrying out the same
            stage in the production process or producing
            the same or similar products. Syn. lateral inte-
            gration.

            lateral integration see horizontal inte gration
            above.
            vertical integration that form of integration by
            which an industrial concern obtains control of
            the business that supplies most of its materials
            (called backward integration) or of the business
            that buys most of its products, i.e. its customers
            _ (called forward integration).
            integrity honesty; goodness of character:
            Business| commercial/professional integrity. A
            man of the highest integrity, having very high
            standards of honesty and responsibility, esp.
            __!0 a position of trust. Syn. probity.
            intellectual property Law certain non-tan-
            gible assets held, Principally covering the areas
            of patent Protection, registered trade marks

            al

            Quit wo

            a)

            = =] — wa =

            and designs, and copyright.
            ce quotient MAN. a measure of intel-

            according to a scheme made by W.
            912 based upon intelligence tests and

            intelligen
            ligence,
            Stern in |


            |
            |
            }


                evince -p 300 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            average intelligence levels for certain ages. The
            average [.Q. in Europe and North America js
            close to 100. Abbr. 1.Q.
            intensive agriculture AGR. a method of farm-
            ing in which by investing large amounts of
            capital, labour and fertilizer in a relatively
            small area of land, a high rate of crop-pro-
            duction is obtained. It is carried on esp. in
            countries where the price of farm land is high.
            Opp. extensive agriculture.
            atent, letter of see letter of intent.
            nteractive COMP. systems in which a ‘dialogue’
            is possible between user and computer, i.e.
            each step does not follow a set sequence but is
            determined by the step before.
            inter alia (Latin) among other things.
            inter-bank rate of interest see LIBOR.
            interchange (1) of correspondence, ideas, infor-
            mation, a giving and receiving, esp. by turns:
            There has been an interchange of letters/ideas
            between the two companies. (2) TRANSPT. a place
            where special bridges, etc. have been built so
            that road vehicles can safely change from one
            main road, esp. a motorway, to another without
            crossing lines of vehicles at the same level.
            interchangeable bond see under bond, n.
            intercourse dealings between people or coun-
            tries. Commercial intercourse, trade between
            nations.
            interdict LAW in Scotland, an injunction.
            interest ECON. THEORY (1) the price paid for the
            use of money such as by a borrower to a lender
            of money; the money earned by a lender as a
            reward for allowing the borrower to use his
            money and for waiting for the repayment of
            the loan. Abbr. int. See also interest rate. (2)
            the extra amount earned, or expected to be
            earned, by a capital asset, after paying for its
            capital cost. (3) in the teaching of classical
            economists, the supply price of capital, a price
            that is influenced by the effects of supply and
            demand for capital. (4) in Keynes’s liquidity
            preference theory, the reward for suffering loss
            of liquidity by lending one’s money. (5) an
            advantage or favour: /t would be in his interest
            to sell his shares. See conflict of interest. (6)
            FIN. rights of ownership in a business or of a
            substantial share in a business: Mr Jones has
            a large interest in this business. He has many
            business | commercial | industrial | financial /
            property interests. (7) a business of which a
            certain person is owner or part-owner. See
            minority interests. (8) LAW the possession of
            rights, esp. in land. See life interest. Syn. estate.
            (9) INscE. the thing that is the subject of an
            insurance policy, such as the ship in a marine
            hull policy, or its cargo in a cargo policy. See
            also insurable interest; interest rate.
            accrued interest see separate entry.
            advance interest FIN. an arrangement offered
            usu. by a finance house in order to attract

            interest rate - 289

            Investors to take u

            its d : ,
            Meee p ebentures: a full year’s

            ted to the investor’
            a Ors account
            hen the money 1s deposited: the interest js

            added to the amount of 5

            amounts together earn tir me
            building society interest sce separate en try
            commercial rate (of interest) the rate at which
            at a particular time banks are offering secured

            loans to ordinary borrowers. It is usually 2 or
            3 per cent above base rate.

            compound interest see separate entr y.
            Cum interest see under cum.
            debenture interest see debenture stock.
            ex interest see under ex (2).
            gross interest ECON. THEORY the total interest
            received by the lender of capital. This interest
            may be considered to consist of two parts, one
            being the lender’s reward for taking the risk
            and suffering the trouble of making the loan,
            and the other, the pure or net interest, being a
            hire charge paid by the borrower for the use
            of the money.
            inter-bank rate of interest see LIBOR.
            negative interest (1) not interest at all, but a
            fee charged by banks for holding customers’
            deposits of money, usu. in times of economic
            difficulty. (2) in a period of inflation, the per-
            centage points by which the market rate of
            interest lies below the current rate of inflation.
            net interest see gross interest above.
            nominal interest the rate of interest payable on
            a security based on its par value, such as 13%
            Treasury Stock 1997. Cf. yield. Syn. money
            rate of interest; nominal coupon.
            ordinary interest see simple interest below.
            pure interest see gross interest above.
            simple interest interest calculated only on the
            principal (capital sum), not on any accrued
            interest. Syn. ordinary interest.

            interest bond see under bond, n.

            interest rate FIN. (1) the cost or price of borrow-
            ing money, i.e. the relation between the pay-
            ment received by a lender of money and the
            amount of money lent, expressed as a percent-
            age per period of time: 5¥ per annum, the lender
            receives from the borrower £5 per year for
            every £100 borrowed. (2) the main financial
            rates of interest in Britain are: the minimum
            lending (formerly bank) rate; the Bank of Eng-
            land loan rate; the market rate of discount;
            the London bankers’ deposit rate; and the
            bankers’ call rate and seven day rate. See also
            prime rate; LIBOR.
            annual(ized) percentage rate a standard rate of
            interest mainly used for comparing borrowing-
            rates because it tells the borrower the gross
            annual interest charges on the amount of cap-
            tal still to be repaid during the period of the
            loan. In some countries the seller of goods on
            credit must by law tell the buyer (i.e. the
            borrower) the annualized percentage rate on





                evince -p 301 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            290 - interest stream

            id. Abbr. A.P.R. |
            peepee. * eee a condition in @

            r *
            ancl vie hat if the borrower 1s
            lending contract tha
            eee pepe the loan he can be oe
            n by the lender to pay, as a pen be
            sunishment a further rate of interest on th
            a pad part of the loan in addition to the basic

            ty (2).
            _ fate he is paying. But see as a aed to
            interest stream FIN. 4 lends
            avoid tax, by which a parent company © 1
            money to one of its subsidiaries and then :.
            to a finance company for a capital sum the
            right to receive the future payments of interest
            on the loan. Thus the parent company receives
            no interest on which to pay tax, and the subsidi-
            ary gets a tax deduction on its payments of
            interest.

            interest swaps see swaps market.

            interest tables a book containing a set of tables
            showing the amount of interest at various rates
            per cent for various numbers of units and
            various lengths of time. One can quickly see
            from these tables, for example, that at 6% per
            annum the interest on a loan of £150 for three
            months is £2.25.

            interest warrant see under warrant.

            interface Comp. 7. (1) the electric wires etc. that
            connect the central processor of a computer to
            its peripheral units, i.e. the machines it con-
            trols. (2) a computer program that is prepared
            in order that one computer is able to read and
            operate on a program prepared by another
            computer.
            v. (of different parts of a computer) to work
            with each other: The coded instructions that
            enable the computer to interface with the disk
            drive.

            inter-Governmental Maritime Consult-
            ative Organization (1.M.C.O.) sHIPG. a
            specialized agency of the United Nations, with
            its central office in London and responsibility
            for setting up rules for international shipping,
            encouraging the highest standards of navi-
            gation and safety at sea, and the removal of

            , unfair practices among shipping organizations.

            interim accounts see accounts, n. pl.

            interim bond see under bond, n.

            interim bonus see under bonus, insurance.

            interim dividend see under dividend.

            interim report sTK. EXCH. the half-yearly report
            by the board of directors of a public listed
            company to its shareholders and to the Stock

            Exchange on which its shares are traded.

            interlocking directorates sTK. ExcH several
            separate and apparently independent compan-
            les that are in fact in close association because
            they cach have a number of the Same per
            as directors. These directors can thus j A be
            the companies to adopt far Merve
            get rid of competitio : fix SEMOn Policy to
            demands, etc. Cf Ll Prices, resist wage

            ination ; integration.

            interlocutory injunction LAW a temporary
            order made by a court of law during the course
            of a civil action and before the court can reach
            a decision. See also injunction.

            intermediary COM. & FIN. a person who acts ag
            an agent in business dealings between other
            persons OF organizations. Syn. middleman.
            broker; go-between.

            ‘intermediate goods see under goods.

            ‘ntermediation FIN. & BKG. the activity, esp_
            by banks, of moving money from those people
            who hold it to those who need it, using the
            process of borrowing and lending.

            internal debt see national debt.

            internalize v.IND. & MAN. to make for one’s own
            products the materials and parts used in their
            manufacture, instead of buying them in from
            outside suppliers. Opp. externalize. N. interna-
            lization.

            internal rate of return ACCTs. the profitability
            of a project or investment expressed as the
            annual percentage profit on the original invest-
            ment. Abbr. I.R.R.

            Internal Revenue Service (1.R.S.) TAXN. in
            U.S.A. the Federal Government organization
            that collects all personal and corporation
            income taxes, also excise, gift, death and social
            insurance taxes, but not taxes on some com-
            modities such as drink and tobacco.

            international Air Transport Association
            (IATA) a non-government organization to
            which most international airlines belong. Its
            main purpose is to keep passenger fares and
            freight rates at an economic level.

            International Bank for Economic Co-op-
            eration (1.B.E.C.) Fin. a banking organization
            set up in 1963 by eight communist countries:
            Bulgaria, Czechoslovakia, East Germany,
            Hungary, Mongolia, Poland, Romania, and the
            U.S.S.R. It helps its members by giving credits
            when needed to correct a temporary adverse
            trade balance, makes international settlements
            i wed aD prayines other banking services.
            af a eae y consists of representatives

            countries.
            International Bank for Reconstruction
            and Development (1.B.R.D.) popularly

            known as the World Bank, an organization

            under the control of the United Nations. Like

            the International Monetary Fund. ;

            Up as a result of the tien, Woods eee
            . 1944 and began to operate in 1946. Until
            1249 it made loans for reconstruction (rebuild-
            ing) in those countries that had suffered most

            in the Second World
            aah War, but it then began

            oans to its member nations
            of production and for the
            onal trade. Its capital is
            ember nations and it oper-
            rect to governments, or to
            the government guarantees

            for the development
            growth of internati
            subscribed by its m
            ates by lending di
            Private concerns if


                evince -p 302 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            internatior

            and it guarantees loans made by
            ial g rivate investors to approved
            commerce thus able to get their loans
            a w rate of interest. |
            gr tional Bureau of Weights and |
            inter enee CoM. & IND. an organization started
            . ‘875 to bring a unified system of weights |
            and measures and to carry out scientific work
            ,eeded to set up standards (approved examples
            or models for comparison). It organizes a Gen-
            eral Conference on Weights and Measures
            avery six years at which is elected the Inter-
            sational Committee of Weights and Measures,
            ‘he controlling authority for the SI (systeme
            ‘nternationale) system of international units.
            international Chamber of Commerce
            (1.C.C.) COM. a federation of business organi-
            zations and businessmen from all over the
            world. It represents the business community in
            ‘international affairs and has its offices in Paris.
            international Chamber of Shipping
            (1.C.S.) SHIPG. an organization formed by
            shipowners in 1921 with its offices in London.
            It is concerned with looking after the interests
            of the shipping industry, and in giving advice
            on scientific and technical problems, esp. in
            regard to standards of safety.

            international Civil Aviation Organization
            (1.C.A.O.) TRANSPT. an organization set up in
            1947, with its main office in Montreal, to con-
            trol the licensing of aircraft and aircrews, and
            to encourage international co-operation for
            weather services, communications, and sys-
            tems for controlling aircraft in flight. It gives
            technical help, esp. to under-developed coun-
            tries as part of the U.N. Development Pro-
            gramme.

            International Commodity Agreement
            (1.C.A.) COMMOD. EXCH. one of a number of
            agreements set up by U.N.C.T.A.D. under a
            scheme to help developing countries to raise
            and keep steady the world prices of such com-
            modities as sugar, wheat, coffee and tin.

            International Confederation of Free Trade
            Unions (1.C.F.T.U.) IND. REL. a world-wide
            organization of trade-union federations in non-
            communist countries. Formed in 1949 with its
            offices in Brussels, it aims to encourage co-
            operation among free and democratic trade-
            union movements throughout the world. Cf.
            World Federation of Trade Unions.

            International Convention for the Protec-
            tion of Industrial Property LAW an agree-
            ment signed in 1883 to give protection under
            international law to owners of patents, indus-
            trial designs and trade-marks.

            | International Court of Justice Law the main
            judicial branch of the United Nations, based
            on The Hague, in Holland. The Court has 15
            judges, all from different nations, who hear
            and decide disputes between states. All mem-

            ial Monetary Fund (1.M.F.) - 291

            ber states agree, on joining the U.N., to accept
            and obey the decisions of the Court. Cf. Euro-
            pean Court of Justice (of the E.E.C.).

            international currency see under currency.

            international date line see date-line, inter-
            national.

            international Development Association
            (1.D.A.) FIN. an organization set up in 1960
            as part of the multilateral aid programme of
            the World Bank. The I.D.A. makes loans
            almost free of interest and for long periods
            (called ‘soft’ loans) to the less-developed coun-
            tries for economic development. It receives
            most of its funds from the 18 wealthiest nations.

            international Finance Corporation (1.F.C. )
            FIN. an organization set up in 1956, in close
            association with the World Bank, to provide
            capital for private concerns in countries where
            enough private capital cannot be raised. It
            makes loans for five to fifteen years and does
            not demand a government guarantee that loans
            will be repaid.

            international Labour Organization (1.L.O.)
            IND. REL. a specialized agency of the United
            Nations, with its main offices in Geneva. It
            has about 120 member states, each represented
            at an annual conference by persons from
            employers’ and workers’ organizations as well
            as by government officials. Its main purpose is
            to improve conditions of labour and standards
            of living all over the world; this it does by
            guiding and encouraging the introduction of
            good labour laws, training officials, collecting
            and publishing statistics and, in recent years,
            protecting human rights, esp. in the less-
            developed countries.

            international law LAw the legal rules concern-
            ing relations between states, sometimes called
            the /aw of nations. These rules have been inter-
            nationally accepted. They deal with such sub-
            jects as: the freedom of the seas, of navigation
            and commerce; the rules of war and neutrality ;
            diplomatic law; and the protection of nationals
            abroad. International law means public inter-
            national law. Private international law is a sepa-
            rate group of rules, sometimes called the conflict
            of laws, which concerns differences between
            the internal laws in different countries, and
            questions of the jurisdiction of courts in civil
            cases of an international nature.

            international liquidity see liquidity, inter-
            national.

            international load-line see load-line.

            International Monetary Fund (1.M.F.) FIN.
            a fund set up in 1944 at the Bretton Woods
            conference as a specialized agency of the
            United Nations, mainly to encourage monetary
            co-operation between nations and to increase
            international trade. Its offices are in Washing-
            ton and its members number more than 120
            states. Each member deposits, mainly in its

            oie i na ES eS



                evince -p 303 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &


            292 - ‘nternational money order
            an amount determined y os
            | tional income, internationa tra

            giz ot AE OF See I.M.F. quota.) A
            and currency mosceves. fe ity with its balance
            member in temporary . Oe . lar and Special
            of payments may Use ow Pee Rights) and can
            Drawing Rights e eh (see standby
            get further ot ee Arrangements to
            arrangements, ao , all bank from
            Borrow). The Fund 1s essentia y a bank
            which a borrower uses its own currency to buy
            the foreign currency it needs. Credits are for
            short periods of only three to five years. The
            work of the Fund in rebuilding confidence in
            currencies that are in temporary difficulty has
            been valuable.

            international money order see overseas
            money order under money order.

            international nautical or air mile see under
            mile.

            International Packet Switched Service
            COMP. a service run by British Telecom for
            sending computer data by international tele-
            phone lines. Abdr. I.P.S.S.

            international postal reply coupon a coupon
            or slip of paper that can be bought at main
            post offices and sent to a person in a foreign
            country, who uses it to buy stamps to a value
            sufficient to cover the postage on a reply.

            International Price Index ECON. a statistical
            comparison, using index numbers, of the gross
            national product of each country, calculated
            and published twice yearly by the United
            Nations.

            international Securities Regulatory
            Organization see under self-regulatory
            organization. Abbr. I.S.R.O.

            International Settlements, Bank for see
            Bank for International Settlements.

            international Stock Exchange sTK. ExCH. the
            new name of the London Stock Exchange after
            the ‘Big Bang’ re-organization of 1986. See
            stock exchange.

            International Subscriber Dialling a tele-
            phone service that enables a caller himself to
            dial numbers direct to any of over 100 countries
            taking part in the service. Abbr. I.S.D.

            International System of Units Inb. the
            S.I. system (French: systéme internationale
            d’unités, international system of units). This
            system has been universally accepted and is
            being adopted in all countries. See S.I. system
            of units (S.I.); International Bureau of Weights
            and Measures.

            international trade com. the exchange of
            goods and services across national boundaries:
            buying and selling between different countries.
            International trade differs from home or inter-
            nal trade because of differences in laws, lan-
            guages and standards of living, while currency
            ties Wig the use of foreign-exchange

            nd the making of special payment

            own currency,

            arrangements. Syn. foreign trade; external
            trade; overseas trade.
            interpretation (1) explaining the meaning of.
            The interpretation of statistics/technical data/
            plans.
            interpretation of accounts the act of examining
            and analysing a set of accounts to know
            whether they show a satisfactory or an unsatie.
            factory state of affairs.
            (2) giving the meaning of words, usu. spoken,
            in another language; tr anslation.
            interpreter TOUR. & MAN. a person who trans-
            lates speech or conversation from one language
            into another immediately after the words have
            been spoken. Cf. translator.
            interstate commerce LAw in the US.A., the
            commerce that takes place between persons or
            organizations in different states and therefore,
            by the U.S. Constitution, a matter under the
            control of the federal government. Commerce
            includes trade (buying and selling), transpor-
            tation (carriage of people and goods), and com-
            munications such as_ radio, _ television,
            telephone and telegraph. The Interstate Com-
            merce Commission (I.C.C.) is the Federal
            agency that controls railways and other means
            of transport that cross boundaries between
            states. See commerce clause.
            inter-trading MAN. trading between divisions
            of a single organization. See also divisionaliza-
            tion; transfer price under price.
            intervention (1) the act of coming between, of
            interfering in, some activity. (2) ECON. action
            by a government, called state intervention, to
            control the economic system, ranging from the
            provision of laws for the protection of weaker
            groups of workers such as women and children,
            low-paid employees, those doing dangerous or
            unhealthy work, to state ownership of entire
            industries. (3) FIN. & BKG. action by a central
            bank to steady exchange rates by buying cur-
            rencies that are becoming weaker and selling
            those that are becoming stronger. (4) Law the
            act of a person who, to protect his own interests |
            and with the permission of the court, makes __
            himself a party to a civil lawsuit that has
            ; already been begun between other parties.
            interventionist 7. ECON. a person who supports
            the idea that the State should interfere in eco-
            nomic matters. Adj. Sweden's interventionist pol-
            __ Icy in industry.
            eee tics BOON, the price at which
            Reon authorities under the Common
            ; me ae Policy will buy up all supplies of
            aay fe i uct in the market for storage in |
            unprofitable a ees aren Oe |
            price ia ta : e farmers. The intervention
            ie ite lower than the threshold price |
            is intended to help producers to sell at the |

            target price. See threshold price and target
            Price under price.


                evince -p 304 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            ~~

            ae er

            = a. oe ea =


            n. a meeting, esp. of two, or of only

            4 few, persons, to do business, or to decide

            whether one of the persons Is fit for a post, or to

            obtain a person’s views, such as in a television

            interview : Please ask for/seek/arrange/grant an

            interview with (someone). | :

            y, to give an interview to; to have an interview
            with: interviewed him for the post of manager.

            ‘interviewee a person who is interviewed.

            ‘aterviewer a person who interviews.

            inter vivos Latin, between living persons. See
            gifts inter ViVOS.

            ‘nter vivos trust see under trust.

            intestacy LAW the condition of having died
            intestate (without having left a will).

            intestate LAW adj. (of a dead person) not having
            left a will. See administrator (1). Opp. testate.
            n. a person who has died intestate.
            intestate succession (a) the right by which cer-
            tain persons inherit the property of an intes-
            tate. (b) the group of laws relating to such
            rights.

            in trans. in transit.

            in transit TRANSPT. (Latin: in transitu) in course
            of being transported; on the way. Abbr. 1.t.; in
            trans.

            intrapreneur COM. (1) an entrepreneur who is
            himself employed within the business. (2) an
            employee who has good ideas regarding, e.g.,
            a new product and who is encouraged by his
            or her employer to develop them for the good
            of the business. Cf. entrepreneur. Thus intra-
            preneurship: enterprise within a business.

            intrinsic value the value possessed by a thing
            because of its own nature or the matter of
            which it is composed. Thus the intrinsic value
            of a coin depends on the market value of the
            metal(s) it contains. Syn. absolute value. Opp.
            extrinsic value.

            introduction STK. EXCH. a way of issuing shares
            in a private company that is about to become
            a public company, by which a broker or issuing
            house buys the shares, not in large numbers
            but often in small lots as may be needed to
            supply clients’ orders. Cf. placing.

            introvert MAN. a person whose interests and
            thoughts are generally directed inwards
            towards himself. This aspect of personality has
            become increasingly important in theories of
            assessment of managerial performance. Opp.
            extravert.

            intrust see entrust.

            inv. invoice.

            invalid adj. Law not valid; having no legal force
            or effectiveness: An invalid insurance policy, one
            that is not accepted as evidence in a court of
            law, e.g. if no insurable interest exists. An
            invalid cheque/marriage/will/claim|bill of ex-

            _ change.

            invalidate to make or declare invalid.


            investment - 293

            invalidity the state of not being valid, of not
            having legal force. |
            invaluable that cannot be valued; of the very
            greatest value; beyond value: Your services were
            invaluable in obtaining the order.
            invention any machine, instrument or process
            that has not been made or produced before.
            The economic effect of inventions is to reduce
            labour costs by permitting one man to do the
            work of many. Cf. innovations.
            inventory (1) a detailed list of things; an agreed
            list, given by the owner to a tenant, of f urniture
            and articles provided by the owner of furnished
            property. (2) accTs. a U.S. expression for the
            money invested in raw materials and unsold
            stocks held by a business, but now widely used
            in English-speaking countries as a synonym for
            stock in hand. (3) the process of taking stock.
            See stocktaking. |
            continuous inventory see continuous stocktaking
            under stocktaking. |
            ship’s inventory a list of movable things per-
            manently carried by a ship. See furniture (2).
            inventory control see stock control under con-
            trol.
            inventory investment see under investment.
            inventory valuation see stock valuation under
            valuation.
            inverted takeover see reverse takeover under
            takeover.
            invest (1) to use money in such a way that it will
            produce an income or profit. See investment.
            to invest in to spend one’s money on buying an
            investment: Jo invest in property/equities/gilt-
            edged securities/an annuity. (2) (collog.) to spend
            money on, put money into buying, a very useful
            article: To invest in a motor car. The accountant
            invested in a pocket calculator.
            invested capital see capital structure.
            investible that can be invested: Investible funds,
            funds that are intended to be lent to others.
            Syn. loanable.
            investigation LAW & STK. EXCH. in Britain, an
            examination of the books and accounts of a
            company by government officials called inspec-
            tors, in cases where the Department of Trade
            Suspects that the company is not being run in
            accordance with the law, that the company’s
            creditors are being defrauded or that the direc-
            tors are guilty of misfeasance (improper per-
            formance of acts that are not in themselves
            unlawful).
            investment (1) the act of investing, of using
            money to obtain income or profits: The choice
            between spending and investment. Opp. disinvest-
            ment. (2) money invested: He lives on income
            from investments. (3) a particular security, or
            class of security, or other thing, in which money
            is invested: Oil shares are a good investment.
            Those shares proved to be the best investment
            of last year. (4) BCON. THEORY capital assets



                evince -p 305 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            294 - investment

            consisting of goods that are not intended for
            immediate consumption (calle ds) but
            ds or capital goods or producer goo ope
            goods : r goods
            are for use in the production of consumer g °
            and further capital goods. (5) FIN. & STK. ma
            the buying of securities and the lending :
            money to banks, building societies, etc. fo
            obtain an income from interest or dividends or
            a profit on a future sale.
            autonomous investment see separate entry.
            capital investment investment in capital goods,
            - e. new assets such as factories, machinery and
            vehicles needed to produce further goods.
            community investment see real investment
            below.
            constant-ratio investment (plan) STK. EXCH. a
            system by which a sum of money is divided
            into two funds, one being used for buying
            various stocks and shares, the other to provide
            liquid cash. Thus, by selling securities on a
            rising market and buying on a falling market,
            the ratio between the funds can be preserved.
            consumer investment spending by consumers on
            assets having a long life, esp. on buying houses.
            domestic investment see private investment
            below.
            equity investment one which gives the holder a
            right to receive a share in the profits, usu.
            in the form of a dividend. Cf. fixed-interest
            investment below.
            financial investment investment in claims on
            wealth, i.e. stocks and shares, bonds, mort-
            gages, etc. rather than on wealth in the form
            of real assets. Syn. personal investment. Cf.
            real investment; community investment.
            fixed-interest investment one which earns
            interest at an agreed fixed rate. A loan which
            may be secured or unsecured. It gives no right
            to receive any share in profits. Cf. equity
            investment above.
            fixed investment money spent by a government
            on new houses, roads, hospitals, etc., and by
            privately-owned concerns on new buildings,
            ships, aircraft and vehicles, all being capital
            goods, not consumer goods. See infrastructure.
            foreign investment money that has _ been
            invested by the government and the public of
            one country in real assets and securities in
            other countries.
            government investment see public investment
            below.
            gross investment in economic analysis, the total
            amount of new capital goods added to the
            existing stock of those goods in the economy
            during a given period. Cf. net investment.
            induced investment investment resulting from
            an increase in private and public spending, i.e.
            from a rise in consumption. Cf. autonomous
            investment; induced consumption.
            inventory investment the amount of money
            spent by a business in adding to its stock-

            ‘n-trade and work-in-progress during a stated
            period. If the real value of these assets has
            fallen during the period, there has been inven.
            tory disinvestment. |
            involuntary investment the money invested in
            unplanned increases in producers’ stocks
            resulting from an unexpected reduction in
            demand. e

            legal investments trustee securities. |
            net investment in economic analysis, the net
            addition to the stock of capital goods in an
            economy during a given period. It is the gross
            investment reduced by the amount of capital
            consumption.

            non-monetary investment money spent by the
            public on rare or precious objects such as a
            work of art, antique (very old) silver and glass
            objects, and diamonds, in the expectation of a
            rise in the market value either in the near or
            the more distant future.

            overseas investment see foreign investment

            above.
            personal investment see financial investment
            above.
            pooled investments life assurance and unit
            trusts.

            private investment in economic analysis, the
            total amount of capital goods bought by per-
            sons and organizations other than the govern-
            ment and publicly-owned concerns such as
            nationalized industries and public utilities.
            Syn. domestic investment.

            public investment money spent by the govern-
            ment on fixed investments. Syn. government
            investment.

            real investment investment in goods and ser-
            vices needed for the good of the community
            (schools, hospitals, etc.) and not for financial
            gain. Syn. community investment.

            secured investment see secured loan under loan.
            speculative investment the use of money to buy
            a security or commodity with the intention of
            selling it at a profit. Cf. true investment.
            tax-free investment one that produces a tax-free
            income or a tax-free capital profit, such as
            Savings certificates and premium Savings
            bonds.

            trade investment see separate entry.

            true investment the use of money to bring in a
            regular income of reasonable amount as
            interest or dividend. Cf. speculative invest-
            ment.

            trustee investment see separate entry.

            ors investment see unsecured loan under
            oan.

            investment allowances see capital allow-
            ances.

            investment analysis stK. EXCH. & FIN. the
            making of forecasts of stock and share prices,
            based on detailed study of the trading outlook
            for each company. Persons skilled in making


                evince -p 306 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            |

            h forecasts, called investment analysts, are
            € loyed by large organizations concerned
            7 trading in securities, such as stock brokers,
            banks, insurance companies and pension

            , oe ent bank(er) BKG. & STK. EXCH. in
            a A., a financial organization that, alone or
            with a group of others called a syndicate, buys
            from a corporation (company) an entire new
            issue of bonds or stock and sells in smaller
            units to the public. Investment bankers thus
            take over the risk and responsibility for the
            financial success of the new issue. In this sense
            they are often called underwriters. They some-
            times also arrange mergers and reorganizations
            of companies and act as advisers on the raising
            of capital and on financial matters generally.
            In Britain, the merchant banks perform the
            same Services.
            investment bill see under bill of exchange.
            investment broker see under broker.
            investment Company see investment (trust)
            company under company.
            investment goods see capital goods under
            goods (7).
            investment grant FIN. & IND. money paid by
            the government to encourage certain industries
            to invest in new machinery, buildings and other
            fixed assets. Such grants are paid whether the
            company makes a profit or a loss.
            investment income see unearned income
            under income.
            investment income surcharge TAXN. in Brit-
            ain, an extra rate of income tax that is payable
            on unearned (investment) income above a cer-
            tain amount. Syn. special investment. sur-
            charge.
            investment-linked policy see under insurance
            policy.
            investment manager sTK. EXCH. the person
            who manages an investment trust, pension
            fund or other investment scheme on behalf of
            the members, making investment decisions on
            their behalf within general guidelines agreed
            previously. Investment managers frequently
            manage large funds, and so are influential fig-
            ures in any stock market. Syn. fund manager.
            investment portfolio see portfolio (2).
            investment tax credit TAXN. when a company
            invests, a part of the cost of the investment,
            usu. up to 10%, which it is allowed to set
            off against taxable profit, the aim being to
            encourage investment. However, under the
            latest tax reforms in U.S.A. such credits have
            _ been discontinued. Abbr. 1.T.C.
            investment (trust) company see under com-
            _ pany.
            investment turnover see capital turnover.
            'NVestor STK. EXCH. a person who invests money.
            institutional investors see separate entry.
            private investor a person who, acting only for

            invoice - 295

            himself and his family, invests money, esp. his
            Savings, by buying stocks and shares, or by
            lending money to a bank or building society.
            iNvest, propensity to see under propensity.
            invisible balance ECON. & pup. FIN. the differ-
            ence between the money values of the invisible
            exports and the invisible imports of a country.
            This invisible balance, with the visible balance
            (called the balance of trade), together form the
            balance of payments.
            invisible exports see under exports.
            invisible imports see under imports.
            invisibles (collog.) see invisible exports under
            exports and invisible imports under imports.
            invisible trade ECON. trade in intangible ser-
            vices which earns foreign currency, e.g. tour-
            ism and banking.
            invitation the act of inviting; a polite or formal
            request, either written or spoken, asking that
            one should do a particular act, such as to come
            to dinner, to make a bid, etc.
            invitation to make an offer see offer (2).
            invitation to subscribe see subscribe.
            invitation to tender see sealed-bid tender under
            tender.
            invitation to treat see offer (2).
            invite v. to request formally or politely: He
            invited me to dinner. We invite your comments,
            please tell us what you have to say. To invite
            applications, to ask people to apply, esp. for a
            job or for a new issue of shares. To invite
            offers | bids | tenders / quotations | donations ( gifts),
            to make it known that one wishes to receive
            these.
            an invite n. (collog.) an invitation.
            invoice v. ACCTS. & COM. (1) to prepare an in-
            voice: Orders waiting to be invoiced, waiting to
            have invoices prepared for them. Syn. (U.S.A.)
            to bill. (2) to send (a customer) an Invoice,
            charging the amount to his account if he is an
            account customer, or demanding payment if
            he is not: We are invoicing you for the extra
            quantity you are taking. (3) to include in an
            invoice: Is this item to be invoiced or are we
            supplying it free?
            n. ACCTS. & COM. a bill relating to the sale of
            goods or services. A separate document, sent
            by the seller to the buyer, for each Sale, giving
            details of the goods sold. An invoice may be a
            record of a credit sale (see payment on state-
            ment under payment terms), or a demand for
            payment (see payment on invoice under pay-
            ment terms), or a paper giving information (see
            pro-forma invoice below). Every invoice must
            give certain basic information: the names and
            addresses of the seller and the buyer; the dates
            and numbers of the invoice and the order; a
            description of each kind of goods bought, the
            quantity, price per unit and total price of each
            kind; the total price of the goods; the discount
            allowed; the total amount of the invoice.


                evince -p 307 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            296 - invoice

            d their marks;
            surance of the goods aoe
            ing caesar
            | _ Syn. bill; A
            oem aaa pe invoice bearing, usu.
            ‘nted and signed certificate
            on the back, a saleneeee aiila
            igi ncerning the g
            es invoice oe usual kind of export
            invoice sent by the seller to the buyer, either
            direct or through a bank, recording a sale of
            goods; it also tells the buyer that the amount
            of the invoice has been debited in the buyers
            account in the seller’s ledger. Cf. pro-forma
            invoice; customs invoice; consular invoice.
            consignment invoice an export invoice which
            relates to goods sent to an agent abroad to be
            sold on commission and at the risk of the
            exporter, i.e. for goods sent on consignment.
            consular invoice an export invoice which has
            been legally attested (formally signed by) the
            Consul of the country to which the goods are
            being sent. Such invoices are accepted by the
            Customs in the buyer’s country as a true basis
            for charging import duty.
            customs invoice one prepared by an exporter
            specially for customs purposes on an official
            form and giving more information than in an
            ordinary invoice, such as the value of the goods
            in the exporting and the importing country.
            The invoice usu. has to be signed and witnes-
            sed. Syn. combined certificate of value and
            origin.
            export invoice one that is part of a set of export
            and shipping documents and which gives extra
            details such as shipping marks, freight,
            insurance, dock charges, etc. special to export
            trading. It is a document of title. Cf. inland
            invoice. See also certified invoice; consignment
            invoice; consular invoice; customs invoice
            above; franco invoice below.
            final invoice one which follows or replaces a
            provisional invoice sent earlier.
            franco invoice a special export invoice planned
            to help the customer who does not understand
            English. The price of the goods includes all
            costs of delivery to the buyer’s premises. Often,
            esp. for sales to countries in continental
            Europe, franco invoices are expressed in the
            language of the buyer, prices are given in his
            local currency and measurements are in metric
            units.
            incoming invoice see purchase(s) invoice below.
            inland invoice one relating to goods, etc. sold
            in the home market. Cf. export invoice.
            invoice inwards see purchase(s) invoice below.
            original invoice (a) the original or top copy of
            Seca as distinguished from @ carbon or
            : “ copy. (5) an invoice which has later been
            ouowed by a supplementary invoice.

            give:
            (bales, cases, Cart
            responsibility for in


            ice see sale(s) invoice below.
            ei aaa see under payment terms
            pro-forma invoice (a) in the home trade, a,
            invoice sent to a buyer, usu. a stranger who
            has to pay for the goods before they are sen;
            off to him. (6) in export trading, a sample
            ‘nvoice to give a possible buyer information
            about prices, discounts, charges and conditions
            of sale if he places an order. A way of making
            a quotation. (c) a sample invoice sent by a
            business to its branches and agents to give
            them information which they need to fix local
            enol Pr evoke one which is intended to
            serve for the present only and which will be
            followed or replaced by a final invoice.
            purchase(s) invoice the name given to an invoice
            by the buyer of the goods referred to in It. Syn.
            incoming invoice; invoice inwards. Opp. sale(s)
            inVOICe. . uae!
            sale(s) invoice the name given to an Invoice by
            the seller of the goods referred to in It. Syn.
            outgoing invoice. Opp. purchase(s) invoice.
            supplementary invoice one which supplements
            or adds to charges included in another invoice,
            e.g. a supplementary invoice for freight and
            insurance charges on a shipment of goods for
            which an invoice has been sent earlier.
            invoice clerk ACCTS. & COM. an office employee
            responsible for, and having special knowledge
            of, preparing invoices, usu. as a member of
            the invoicing department of a business. Syn.
            (U.S.A.) billing clerk.
            invoice price see under price.
            invoice typist see under typist.
            invoicing department aAccTs. & COM. the
            department of a business in which invoices are
            prepared, produced and sent to customers, etc.
            Syn. (U.S.A.) billing department.
            involuntary absentee see under absentee.
            involuntary investment see under investment.
            involuntary saving see under saving.
            involuntary unemployment see under unem-
            ployment.
            involvement com. the degree of care and trou-
            ble taken by a consumer in deciding which
            product to buy. High involvement purchases
            are usu. high-cost, rarely-purchased items, such
            as cars, while low involvement purchases might
            include soap or bread.
            inward SHIPG. coming in, as opposed to going
            out: /nward cargo, being |
            80, g imported. Inward port,
            iaaeeas, ship or a cargo arrives. Inward
            » those payable when a ship enters a
            aia vas d ne of lading, See under bill of
            also Carriage inwards under car-
            _ fiage; clearance (2). Opp. outward.
            inward bound see under bound (1).
            inward clearing bill see jerque note
            I/O input/output |

            1.O.M. Isle of Man.


                evince -p 308 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &


            (meaning ‘I owe you Lapsoes which.

            ; n a piece of paper stating the
            ghee at fen signed and dated, form
            MPA acknowledgment of a debt, being both
            , receipt for the money and an acceptance of
            the duty to pay it back. The creditor keeps the
            1.0.U. as proof of the debt and may show it
            1 a court of law as evidence. An J.0.U. 1s not
            negotiable. It is not a promissory note.

            1.0.W. Isle of Wight.

            (P.O. initial public offering. :

            ipso facto (Latin) by the fact itself: A director who
            is declared bankrupt ipso facto cannot continue
            to hold that office.

            |.P.S.S. International Packet Switched Service.

            1.Q. intelligence quotient.

            |.R. Inland Revenue.

            ir- prefix, a variation of in-, used before the letter
            r, as in irregular/irrelevant.

            |.R.A. individual retirement account.

            |.R.D. Inland Revenue Department.

            |.R.O. Inland Revenue Office.

            iron (collog.) money. To have many irons in the fire,
            to have interests in many business concerns.

            lron Law of Wages see Subsistence Theory of
            Wages.

            ironmongery articles made of iron and other
            non-precious metals, such as tools, hinges,
            locks, knives and cooking pots sold by an
            ironmonger. Syn. ironware; hardware. Pron.
            -gri.

            1.R.R. internal rate of return.

            irrecoverable that cannot be got back, such as
            business losses or certain expenses. e.g. freight.
            Of a debt, that will never be paid. Syn. non-
            recoverable.

            irredeemable bond see annuity bond under
            bond, 7.

            irredeemable currency see inconvertible cur-
            rency under currency.

            irredeemable debenture see under debenture.

            irredeemable money see inconvertible cur-
            rency under currency.

            irredeemable preference share see under
            share.

            irredeemables stk. EXCH. in Britain, govern-
            ment and other loan stock such as debentures,
            for which there is no provision for a date for
            redemption (repayment). Syn. annuity bonds:
            irredeemable bonds; irredeemable stock; irre-
            deemable debentures; undated stock.

            irredeemable stock see annuity bond under
            bond, n.

            irrevocable (letter of) credit BKG. & CoM. in
            foreign trade, a credit that cannot be called
            back, changed or cancelled after it has been
            opened. It may or may not be confirmed. See
            confirmed irrevocable credit. Cf. revocable

            credit.

            irrigation aGr. the bringing, storing and supply-
            ing of water to grow crops i

            ps in areas where the

            o.U. FIN.

            issue - 297

            rainfall is either insufficient or too irregular for
            good cultivation. The two main types are:
            annual or basin irrigation, by which the waters
            of a river are led by canals to basins or compart-
            ments and thus to the crops only when the
            river is in flood; and perennial irrigation by
            which the water is caught by dams and is stored
            in artificial lakes, called reservoirs, from which
            it can be led by channels or pipes to the crops
            at all times of the year. As more dams and
            canals are built, and because they provide a
            regular supply of water, the area under peren-
            nial irrigation is being increased while that
            under annual irrigation is being reduced.
            drip irrigation see trickle irrigation below. |
            pump irrigation irrigation by using mechanical
            pumps to raise water from wells.
            tank irrigation a method of irrigation much
            used in India and Sri Lanka, by which tanks
            or small artificial lakes are built. These catch
            water esp. during the rainy season and store it
            for use during the dry season.
            trickle irrigation an irrigation system of small
            pipes through which water flows very slowly
            around the plants. Syn. drip irrigation.
            well irrigation irrigation by digging wells deep
            enough to collect underground water, which is
            then raised by pumps and led by channels to
            the crops.

            1.R.S. Internal Revenue Service.

            1.S.D. International Subscriber Dialling.

            isO- prefix equal in value.

            isobar on a map, a line that joins places where
            the barometric pressure is the same, either at
            a particular time, or on average during a given
            period.

            isobath on a map, a line joining places at the
            bottom of the sea that are at an equal depth
            below sea-level; a submarine contour.

            isohyet on a map, a line joining places receiving
            an equal amount of rainfall.

            isopleth on a map, a line joining places where
            the value of any particular measurable thing is
            the same; for example, isobars and isotherms
            are isopleths of pressure and temperature.

            isotherm on a map, a line joining places having
            an equal temperature.

            1.S.R.O. International Securities Regulatory
            Organization. See under self-regulatory organ-
            ization.

            ISS. issue.

            issue v. (1) to put forth, send out for use, esp. to
            the public: To issue securities | debentures /
            banknotes | cheques | bills of exchange. (2) to
            publish (to print for sale or distribution): To
            issue a book | report | paper | notice / advertise-
            ment | information sheet | instructions | prospec-
            tus. (3) to distribute food, clothing, tools, etc.
            esp. to workers or soldiers: Protective clothing
            / uniforms | tools were issued to the men.
            n. (1) the act of putting forth, sending out for



                evince -p 309 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            298 - issue broker

            use, esp. to the public: Am issue of shares /
            debentures | postage stamps / notes. (2) the act of
            publishing (printing for sale and distribution):
            The date of issue. The first day of issue, of a new
            postage stamp. The office of issue, of a postal

            order or passport. Abbr. iss.
            issue broker STK. EXCH. a stockbroker or firm

            of stockbrokers actively supporting a company
            that is making a new issue of securities. See
            issue of securities.

            issue by tender STK. EXCH. a method of making
            a new issue of shares or loan stock in a company
            through an issuing house by asking applicants
            to tender, 1.e. to state a price that they are
            willing to pay. The highest bidder is allotted
            the shares or stock. (This method of issuing
            shares is not often used.) Cf. public issue;
            placing; offer for sale; introduction.

            issued capital see under capital.

            issue Department BKG. one of the main
            departments of the Bank of England. See bank
            return.

            issue house see issuing house.

            issue of securities sTK. EXCH. the practice of
            making a new issue of equity shares or loan
            Stock in a company that has already been
            granted a Stock Exchange quotation, or of
            issuing existing capital of a private company
            which is in process of becoming a public com-
            pany and is requesting a quotation. For the
            methods used to make new issues, see public
            issue below; offer for sale; placings; issue by
            tender; introduction.
            bonus issue see scrip issue below.
            cash issue see rights issue below.
            junior issue an issue of shares or debentures
            that are lower in rank than other securities
            issued by the same company. Thus ordinary
            shares come below preference shares for rights
            to dividends or for repayment of capital if the
            company is wound up.
            non-renounceable issue a new issue of shares for
            cash offered to a company’s existing share-
            holders subject to the special condition that
            they cannot transfer the rights to buy the issue
            to any other person.
            public issue a method of making a new issue of
            equities or loan stock in a company, by inviting
            the public, through advertisements in the news-
            papers, to apply for the number of shares or
            the amount of stock that they wish to buy, at
            the price fixed by the company. Cf. offer for
            sale; issue by tender; placings.
            rights issue an offer by a company to its present
            shareholders to take part in a new issue of
            shares in the company, thus giving these share-
            holders rights not enjoyed by other investors.
            (A shareholder is free to sell his rights in the
            new issue to some other person.) The new
            shares are offered in proportion to each share-
            holder’s existing holding, and usu. at a specially

            low price. Syn. cash issue.
            scrip issue an issue of shares free of Charge to
            existing shareholders, the shares being brought
            into existence by the capitalization of the com.
            pany’s reserves. See capitalization of reserves.
            Syn. bonus issue; capitalization issue.

            issue price STK. EXCH. the price of a new issue
            of a security. For public issues and offers for
            sale of equities, the issue price is that given jp
            the prospectus. For placings, it is the price
            fixed by the issue broker negotiating the sale
            of the issue to his clients. For issues by tender
            it is the price bid by the highest tenderer.

            issuing house or issue house BKG. & stx.
            EXCH. in Britain, a merchant bank or other
            financial concern that specializes in finding
            buyers for new shares, or other kinds of long-
            term capital issued by their customers. Some-
            times the whole of a new issue of shares js
            allotted to, and paid for by, an issuing house
            which will then sell the shares to the public
            through an offer for sale. In this way the issuing
            company is sure that the whole of the issue will
            be sold. See underwrite. Issuing houses also act
            as advisers to governments, local authorities,
            public utilities and companies, on the best
            methods of raising long-term capital.

            I.S.T. Indian Standard Time.

            I.T. income tax; information technology.

            i.t. in transit.

            .T.C investment tax credit.

            item (1) a single article or class of articles in a
            list, account, inventory, etc.
            news item a separate piece of news in a news-
            paper or radio or television broadcast.
            (2) COMP. a single unit of information stored in
            a computer, such as all necessary information
            about a particular employee included in a com-
            puterized pay-roll.

            itemize to record or state things item by item;
            to write down every detail in a list. To itemize
            an account. An itemized bill.

            itinerant travelling from place to place: An
            itinerant salesman, any dealer in goods who has
            no settled place of business but moves about

            _ Selling his goods, such as a pedlar.

            itinerary TOUR. a plan for travel from place to
            place, usu. with dates and times of arrival and
            departure and perh. other details such as hotel
            bookings, places of interest to visit, or names
            and addresses of persons to be seen.

            1.V., i.v. invoice value.


                evince -p 310 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            -
            1

            J. joule; judge; Justice.
            J.A. joint account.
            Jam. Jamaica.

            Jan. January.
            ; & w.o. jettison and washing overboard.

            janitor see caretaker.

            Jap. Japan(ese).

            Japanese Marine Corporation suipc. the
            Japanese organization for surveying and clas-
            sifying ships. Also Nippon Kaiji Kyokai. See
            classification societies.

            jargon (1) language, written or spoken, that is
            difficult or impossible for an ordinary person
            to understand because it is full of words known
            only to specialists: The jargon of economists|
            computer analysts/industry. (2) language that
            uses words that are unnecessarily long and that
            is badly put together.

            jd. joined.

            jerque note SHIPG. a certificate given to the
            master of a ship by a customs officer called a
            jerquer, who has searched the ship and exam-
            ined her papers and is satisfied that all cargo
            for that port has been properly entered and
            discharged (landed) and that all formalities in
            connection with the inward clearance have
            been completed. Syn. certificate of inward
            clearance; inward clearing bill.

            jerry-built of a house, cheaply and badly built.
            A person or firm building such houses is called
            a jerry-builder.

            jetsam SHIPG. & LAW (1) popularly, goods jetti-
            soned from a ship and washed ashore. (2) in
            law, cargo that has been jettisoned and remains
            under water, not floating. Cf. flotsam.

            jettison SHIPG. & MAR. INSCE. the act of throwing
            into the sea part of the cargo, etc. of a ship, in
            an attempt to save her when in great danger
            by making her lighter. Syn. cast away.

            jetty SHIPG. & TRANSPT. (1) a breakwater. (2) a
            structure built out from the shore into the water
            to provide a landing-place for boats. Syn. pier.

            Jevons William Stanley (1835-82), English
            economist, Professor of Political Economy at
            Manchester and later at London. In his Theory
            of Political Economy (1871), he put forward new
            thoughts on the theory of value and, with
            Walras and Menger, was among the first to
            think out and expand the idea of marginal
            utility. He was a member of the group known
            as the Austrian School of economists.

            j.g. junior grade.

            j.i.t. just-in-time (manufacturing/ordering).

            jitney (U.S.A. collog.) (1) a car carrying passen-
            gers for a cheap fare. (2) a five-cent coin.

            JJ. Justices.

            jnc. junction.

            jobber - 299

            Jnr. Junior.

            job n. (1) a piece of work: He is paid by the job,
            he is paid a separate amount of money for each
            piece of work. Odd jobs, various small pieces
            of work needing little skill, done by an odd-job
            man. Job lot, a collection of different articles,
            apparently of little value, offered for sale to-
            gether and usu. bought in the hope that it
            contains something valuable. Jobbing work,
            small orders that are paid for as soon as done:
            piecework. A jobbing printer, one who accepts
            small orders only. A jobbing gardener, one who
            works by the hour or day. (2) a position, a post,
            as an employee: He has found a good job. She
            is out of/without a job, unemployed. Part-time
            job, employment for less than the full working
            day or week. Opp. full-time job. On the job,
            working. Syn. billet; berth.
            benchmark job IND. REL. & MAN. a job which is
            agreed to be the most representative of a group
            or grade of jobs within an organization. Such
            a job is often used as a basis for performance
            evaluation, grading or reward schemes.
            (3) (collog.) an act of dishonesty such as bur-
            glary, or robbery: They were sent to prison for
            the job they did at/on the bank, for robbing the
            bank. An inside job, theft done with the help
            of a person working in the place where the
            crime took place.
            v. (1) to do small pieces of work; to accept and
            Carry out small orders only. To job off, to get
            rid of slow-selling stock or unwanted material
            by selling it cheaply. To job out, to give out
            work to a number of workmen or contractors.
            (2) to carry on a business as a jobber, buying
            and selling commodities wholesale or securities
            on the Stock Exchange. He is jobbing in the City,
            he is a stockjobber on the Stock Exchange.

            job analysis MAN. an examination of the work
            of an employee in detail to discover and record
            the processes, methods and operations by
            which he does the work; the tools, instruments
            and other apparatus he needs to do it; the
            working conditions; and the relation of his
            work to that of other workers in the f, actory or
            office. Syn. job study.

            jobber a person who buys and sells.
            commodity jobber COMMOD. EXCH. a wholesaler
            or middleman, esp. in the grain and meat
            trades, who buys in large quantities from
            importers and sells in smaller quantities to
            retail shopkeepers.
            exchange jobber FIN. see separate entry.
            stockjobber STK. EXCH. a market-maker in
            Shares, usu. acting as a wholesaler dealing
            between brokers, who in turn act for investors.
            The jobber’s role is usu. that of a specialist in
            a particular area of the market (as compared
            with the broker, who is the ‘retailer’). Before
            de-regulation of stock exchanges (e.g. the ‘Big
            Bang’ in London) jobbers were not allowed



                evince -p 311 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            300 - jobbery ?
            ly wi
            to deal direct with the public, but only

            mbers of the
            ‘ace de-regulation, me er
            aoa 2 ah may act as both brokers an

            jobbers. i.
            jobbery the dishonest gain

            ant. ! =
            sein tahoe) production IND. a system of
            J |

            a : ineering
            production that usu. exists han where
            orkshops and other sma nd the

            der is for a different product, an
            oreo 0 be produced is not large enough for
            satel production or mass production. ‘aewith
            ob centre in Britain, a government ake
            a branch called a job centre in most towns,
            which finds employment for those who are out
            of work; helps employers who want to employ
            workers; and arranges training 1n those trades
            ‘n which there is a shortage of skilled workers.
            Job centres have replaced the former employ-
            ment exchanges and labour exchanges. Syn.
            job bank.
            job costing IND. & ACCTS. the process of alloca-
            ting all costs to the job (piece of work) to which
            each item of cost relates.
            job cycle MAN. the amount of time taken to
            perform the task which forms the principal
            part of a worker’s job.
            job description MAN. a short account giving
            the title of the job and stating the work the
            particular employee is expected to do. Cf. job
            specification.
            job design IND. the process of drawing up a job
            description. Modern thinking stresses the need
            for a balance of e.g. routine tasks, opportunities
            for learning, and opportunities for job satisfac-
            tion from recognizable personal achievement.
            job enrichment IND. the introduction of new
            tasks or responsibilities into a job with the
            objective of creating a greater potential for job
            Satisfaction.
            job evaluation MAN. finding out how much pay
            a job is worth. Syn. labour grading.
            jobless without a job; unemployed.
            job losses IND. REL. employment redundancies. |
            Job losses are expected to number 500 when
            Smith Co. closes its factory.
            job lot see broken amount. |
            job rotation MAN. & IND. the practice of employ-
            ing workers who are specially trained to do a |
            wide variety of jobs.
            job satisfaction MAN. the level of Satisfaction, |
            _ pleasure or fulfilment a worker gets from a job.
            Job security IND. REL. & MAN. the extent to
            which a job can be viewed as permanent. Job
            security arrangements agreed between man-
            “gement and employee representatives ma
            include redundancy apre y
            job sharin y agreements, sick pay, etc.
            divid; 9 IND. REL. & MAN. the practice of
            ing Up a job normally performed by one
            € between two or more part-


            ing of money by a

            j

            ation MAN. a ee and oS
            sat work that an employee ;
            Se as ae apes of skill, knowledge an:
            en aans needed to do it, and any Persona]
            qualities that are demanded for its successfy}
            performance. _ ta. ese
            : 2@ JOD | 3.
            dict Siva ECON. HIST. the (British) Eag
            India Company, 1600-1875. |
            joining passenger TRANSPT. a person startin
            a journey by plane. Cf. transfer passenger.
            senger.
            spine ad A Tie by, belonging to, two or
            more persons: joint owners/proprietors/tenants
            of a business/property. A joint account . (2) held
            by two or more persons: A joint directorship.
            ats
            ant restaurant or night-club, esp. one
            with a bad reputation for dishonesty or immor-
            clip-joint. ie
            isigeeeeaine 1) BKG. a bank account existing
            in the names of two or more persons, often
            husband and wife. Any or all of them must
            have the power to operate the account, either
            alone or with the others. Partnership, executor
            and trustee accounts are special forms of joint
            accounts. Abbr. J.A. (2) STK. EXCH. shares held
            on joint account, shares owned by two or more
            persons or firms. (3) ACCTS. an account of the
            business dealings of a joint venture that is
            owned and financed by two or more persons
            or firms. See joint venture.
            joint adventure see joint venture.
            joint and several LAW words that are used to
            mean that when two or more persons sign a
            document promising jointly and severally to
            pay any money or to perform some action, they
            are all bound, both as a group and separately
            as independent persons. A creditor has better
            rights in law when debtors or guarantors are
            jointly and severally liable than when they are
            only jointly liable. Adv. jointly and severally.
            joint and several bond see under bond, n.
            joint annuity see under insurance policy.
            joint demand see complementary demand
            under demand.

            joint life and survivor annuity see under
            insurance policy.

            joint life (endowment) Policy see under

            _ Insurance policy.

            joint managing director

            _ Fector under director.

            joint Ownership Law of land, the owning of
            freehold or leasehold land by two or more
            persons, called co-owners or Joint tenants, each

            job specific

            see managing di-

            having rights in the whole of the land. Cf
            ownership in common. Before 1926 in Britain,
            when one joint tenant died the whole of the
            Property was owned by the joint tenants who
            survived (continued to live); and the land could

            somebody by will only by the tenant

            be left to


                evince -p 312 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            yho survived all the others. The law was then
            hanged: and now all joint tenants have a right

            io a share in the money obtained from the sale j
            af the property; and such rights can be given
            6a will. Syn. joint tenancy; co-ownership. j

            _.a¢.gtock banks BKG. also called commercial
            ae it banks, form the | i
            hanks and deposit banks, form the largest class
            ‘a the whole banking system. They are profit-
            making concerns, usu. with many branch
            | offices serving the ordinary banking needs of
            the public, and are either members of, or are
            associated with, the clearing-house system.
            (See clearing banks.) In Britain they include |
            the London clearing banks and their equi-
            valents in Scotland and Northern Ireland, the
            National Giro, and the Banking Department
            of the Bank of England. Joint-stock banks
            accept customers’ money on current account, |
            deposit account and savings account. They pay
            and collect customers’ cheques, deal in foreign |
            money, move money from one place to another,
            deal with documentary credits, and advance
            credits in the form of overdrafts, short-term __
            loans and personal loans, for all of which they |!
            charge interest. They offer a wide range of
            services including: paying customers’ standing
            orders; operating the Bank Giro, the direct
            debiting and credit card systems; advising on,
            and buying and selling, securities for their !
            customers; acting as executor and trustee;
            keeping customers’ valuable possessions locked
            up in strong-rooms; arranging travel and
            insurance; making credit-status enquiries and
            giving bankers’ opinions and references. Most
            of the larger British joint-stock banks have
            branch offices overseas. There are also a num-
            ber of British overseas joint-stock banks most
            of whose branches are in other countries, and
            there are many Commonwealth and foreign
            banks which have branches in Britain. The
            relationship between banker and customer is
            generally that of debtor and creditor, but in
            some matters, esp. the bank’s action in collec-
            ting customers’ cheques, the relationship is that
            of agent and principal. Abbr. J.S.B.
            joint-stock company see under company.
            joint supply see complementary supply under
            | MBBEE fn 3
            | joint tenancy see joint ownership.
            joint tenant see joint ownership.
            joint tortfeasor see tortfeasor.
            joint venture FIN. (1) a partnership, usu. tempo-
            rary but sometimes becoming permanent, |
            formed by two or more persons or companies ___.
            co-operating in some special business activity
            in which there is some risk of loss, but a.
            reasonable hope of profit. The parties in the |
            venture share the costs and the profits in agreed
            proportions. This arrangement exists in bank-
            ing, insurance and publishing. (2) the ex-

            ec
            nc ee

            : ii a a) ee ‘ ; Pla a

            judge - 301

            pression is also used for a company formed
            jointly by two or more other companies. ©
            oint whole-life policy see under insurance
            policy.

            oule the S.1. unit of energy, including work and
            quantity of heat. Abbr. J.

            Ournal (1) originally a daily newspaper, but _
            nowadays it means any periodical from week-
            lies to monthlies and quarterlies. (2) a daily
            record of events or business deals, such as the
            general journal (see book-keeping). Of a ship,
            the log or logbook.

            ournalese the poor manner of writing of some
            journalists, containing many colloquial words,
            and expressions that are too often used, or used
            in a careless way; and often showing that the
            report or article has been too hastily written.

            ournalism the work or profession of a journal-
            ist. )

            journalist (1) a professional writer for news-
            papers and other journals. (2) a person
            employed in editing and producing news-
            papers, and periodicals.

            journalize ACCTs. in book-keeping, to make an
            entry in the journal, esp. one correcting an
            earlier mistake, or recording a transfer from
            one ledger account to another, i.e. any entry
            that cannot be put into a book of prime entry.

            journeyman (1) IND. a worker in a craft or
            trade who has served an apprenticeship and is
            qualified for employment at the journeyman’s
            rate of pay; this rate is above that of an
            apprentice but below that of a master crafts-
            man. (2) TRANSPT. (col/og.) in the taxi trade, a
            driver of a taxi belonging to his employer(s).
            Cf. master.

            journey order COM. an order given personally
            by a retailer to a manufacturer’s sales represen-
            tative when he visits the retailer’s shop. In
            some cases the retailer buys the goods on jour-
            ney account, paying the traveller when he
            makes his next visit. Some manufacturers allow
            an extra discount, called journey discount or
            journey terms, on such orders, to encourage
            the retailer to receive the traveller who, by
            persuasive talk, may succeed in selling him
            more goods.

            joystick Comp. a peripheral unit for controlling
            the movement of the cursor to any point on a
            computer screen by making a stick lean in the
            necessary direction. It is found by some persons
            to be quicker and easier to use than the cursor
            keys on a keyboard.

            J.P. Justice of the Peace.

            Jr. Junior.

            J.S.B. joint-stock bank.

            Jt., jt. joint.

            judge LAW a public officer (in Britain, appointed
            by the Crown) who decides cases, either civil
            or criminal, in the court of law of which he is
            president. Abbr. J.


                evince -p 313 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            302 - judge’s order

            by a judge
            rt, giving
            garnishee

            judge’s order LAW an order made
            of the High Court or a county cou
            directions. See charging order ;

            order. o | |
            judg(e)ment Law (1) a decision made by a
            ‘vil case, or a sentence In a

            law in a Cl
            a case. (2) the speech made by a Judge
            ‘n which he gives his reasons for reaching his
            decision. (3) the document or certificate in
            which is recorded the decision made by a court
            of law.
            judgment bond see appeal bond under bond, 7.
            judgment by default see default.
            judgment creditor see under creditor.
            judgment debt see under debt.
            judgment debtor see under debtor.
            judgment note FIN. a special kind of promis-
            sory note that gives the holder power to have
            judgment declared against the debtor in a court
            of law, if his promise to pay is not kept. This
            arrangement is intended to make a formal
            lawsuit unnecessary.
            judicial Law having to do with the adminis-
            tration of justice, esp. by judgments in courts
            of law; relating to a judge or magistrate; bear-
            ing the authority of a court: Judicial precedent.
            Judicial separation.
            Judicial Committee of the House of Lords
            see House of Lords.
            Judicial Committee of the Privy Council
            see Privy Council.
            judicial precedent see case law.
            judiciary Law (1) the system of courts of law in
            a country. (2) the judges as a group of persons
            responsible for the administration of justice.
            jug (collog.) prison: He is in jug. The thief was
            jugged for two years, sent to prison.
            jumble sale see under sale.
            jumbo (jet) TRANSPT. a very large aeroplane
            able to carry about 500 passengers or 200 tons
            of cargo over long distances at high speeds.
            jump (1) STK. EXCH. to move suddenly upward:
            Share prices jumped. (2) LAW To jump one’s bail,
            to fail to keep one’s promise to appear in court
            at the proper time. See bail; also bail bond
            under bond, n. (3) SHIPG. To jump ship, being a
            member of the crew, to leave a ship without
            permission.
            Jun. Junior.
            Junc. junction.
            junction TRANSPT. (1) a place where two or more
            roads, railway lines, etc. meet, join or cross: A
            road/railway junction. (2) a railway station at a
            place where lines join: Clapham Junction. Abbr.
            Junc.; jne.
            jungle (1) uncultivated land covered thickly with
            wild trees, bushes or grass, esp. in hot coun-
            ee » = EXCH. (a) the Jungle, part of the
            tt oe = where West African securities
            eee ne ) West African shares generally.
            a barrister who is not a Queen’s

            :

            aa = ————<=<—< - ee

            Counsel. (2) of legal rights, claims and Mort.
            gages, of lower rank to those that have hj
            preference, such as junior capital (ording
            shares). (3) MAN. a young clerk or othe;
            employee at the lowest rank, esp. an Office
            junior, a young person learning Office Work
            while helping with simple duties in an Office.
            Junior the younger: Thomas Jones Junior, the
            son of Thomas Jones Senior. Abbr. Jnr.. Jr,
            Jun.
            junior capital see equity capital under capital,
            junior insurance policy see child’s deferreg
            policy under insurance policy. be
            junior issue see under issue of securities.
            junior partner see under partner.
            junior share see ordinary share under share.
            junk (1) SHIPG. a Chinese wooden sailing-ship
            having a flat bottom, a high stern (back part)
            and fan-shaped sails on two or three masts. (2)
            COM. a mixed variety of old or unwanted objects
            of little value, sold by a junk dealer in a junk
            shop or junk yard. Junk bonds of little value
            (U.S.A. collog.) see under bond. Junk mail con-
            sists of advertising matter sent by post and
            unwanted by the person receiving it.
            junking (U.S.A. collog.) IND. getting rid of old,
            worn-out or unproductive machinery that has
            been replaced by newer and better machines.
            V. junk.
            jurisdiction LAw (1) the legal power of a court
            of law, or of a judge, to try a particular case.
            (See competence.) This court has no jurisdiction
            in the matter. (2) the limits of the area within
            which a court’s orders and judgments can be
            put into force, called territorial jurisdiction.
            That of the High Court of Justice, in London,
            is limited to England and Wales.
            jurisdictional strike see under strike.
            juror LAW a person serving on a jury or who is
            one of a panel (list of persons) chosen to serve
            on juries. (See jury.) In Britain, every person
            owes a duty to serve on a jury unless excused
            because he is under 18 or over 65 years of age
            or for certain other reasons. J ury service is
            unpaid, but compensation for loss of earnings
            _ and travelling expenses may be claimed.
            jury adj. SHIPG. temporary; replacing something
            lost or broken in a situation of great danger:
            A jury mast/rudder. A jury-rigged ship, a ship
            sie temporary ropes, chains and other appar-
            atus.
            n. LAW in cases being tried in a court of law,
            a group of ordinary men and women, called
            Jurors, usu. 12 in number, chosen by ballot and
            sworn to answer what they honestly believe to
            be the truth on questions of fact in accordance
            with the evidence put to them. In criminal
            cases in England, except when a person admits
            that he is guilty, all cases in the crown courts

            are tried before a jury who, guided by the
            judge, decides whether the accused person is



                evince -p 314 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            guilty or not guilty. In certain civil lawsuits in
            the High Court, either party has the right to
            ask for the case to be tried before a jury,
            who may sometimes have to decide not only
            questions of fact but also the amount of any
            damages. In coroners’ courts, coroners juries of
            from seven to eleven persons, with the cor-
            oner’s guidance, decide the facts under which
            a person met his death. |

            justice LAW (1) the quality of being just; moral
            rightness; fairness. (2) the administration of
            law, through a system of courts with magis- J
            trates and judges as presidents, who support
            rights and punish wrongs according to the law
            in force. (3) a judge or magistrate. (4) the title
            given to all judges of the High Court in Britain:

            Mr Justice Smith, and sometimes, esp. in law
            reports, abbr. J. or pl. JJ. placed after the
            name: Smith J. or Brown and Jones JJ. (Judges

            of lower courts are given the title Judge placed
            before the name: Judge Robinson.) (5) the title
            given to a Justice of the Peace, abbr. J.P.
            placed after the name: Mrs Mary Jones J.P.

            Justice, European Court of see European
            Court of Justice. ;

            Justice, International Court of see Inter-
            national Court of Justice.

            Justice of the Peace LAw in England, one of
            a number of unpaid magistrates, chosen from
            persons of good reputation and social position
            but without much legal training. They are
            appointed by the Crown to keep the peace
            in a certain district, mainly by administering
            justice in the lower courts, esp. the magistrates’
            or justices’ courts, sometimes called Petty Ses-
            sions or police courts. They are helped by the
            Clerk of the Court who is a solicitor or barris-
            ter. See justice (5); magistrates’ courts. Abbr. |
            LE.

            justices’ court see magistrates’ court.

            just-in-time IND. (in manufacturing) making or
            ordering only just enough parts or materials
            for the factory’s immediate needs, so avoiding
            the expense of keeping stocks (inventories).
            Abbr. j.i.t.

            ‘just’ price see under price.

            juvenile adj. relating to, intended for, young
            people: Juvenile offenders, children (under 14)
            and young persons (over 14 and under 17) who
            have broken the law. Juvenile court, a special
            court for trying children and young persons
            who have offended against the law or who are
            needing care and protection. Juvenile labour,
            children and young persons who work in shops
            and factories; in many countries their hours
            and conditions of work are strictly controlled
            by law. Juvenile literature, books and magazines —
            written for the young.

            keep - 303

            K

            C., k. kilobyte.

            kelvin.

            ‘A kiloampere.

            Caffirs sTK. EXCH. (1) shares in South African
            companies, esp. in gold mining. (2) Kaffir mar-
            ket, Kaffir circus, that part of the floor of the
            Stock Exchange where dealers in these shares
            are grouped.

            Caldor Nicholas, Lord Kaldor (1908-86), British
            economist, born in Hungary ; professor at Cam-
            bridge University. He made important contri-
            butions to the economics of growth, esp. in
            his book Capital Accumulation and Economic
            Growth (1964). As adviser to British and other
            governments he influenced public policy on
            managing the economy esp. on taxation.

            Cameralism see Cameralism.

            Can. Kansas, U.S.A.

            ‘angaroo court IND. REL. an irregular court set
            up without legal authority by members of a
            trade union to judge other members accused of
            disobeying union rules.

            Cangaroos STK. EXCH. (collog.) shares in Aus-
            tralian companies, esp. in mining, land and
            tobacco.

            Carat see carat.

            ..d., K.D. knock down.

            ..d.c., K.D.C. knocked down condition.

            ceel sHIPG. (1) the main part of the frame of a
            boat or ship, being a strong straight beam of
            steel, wood, etc. extending the full length of
            the bottom of the vessel and supporting the
            rest of the structure. (2) a barge or lighter used
            for carrying coal, esp. in the ports on the river
            Tyne in north-east England. (3) the weight of
            coal (about 21 tons) needed to fill such a barge.

            <eelage SHIPG. charges payable by a ship while
            it is in a harbour or port.

            ceelboat SHIPG. a lighter or barge used esp. in
            ports in western U.S.A.

            ceen COM. of prices, competitive, and therefore
            very low: Our price is the keenest in town.

            keep v. (1) to own and manage for profit: To
            keep a shopjan inn as does a shopkeeper/an
            innkeeper. (2) to hold in stock for sale: We do
            not keep shoe-polish. (3) to make a continuous
            record in writing: To keep books of account, as
            does a book-keeper. To keep a diary. (4) to
            manage household affairs in a hotel or private
            house: To keep house, as does a housekeeper.
            (5) to own and support: To keep a family/a
            horse/cattle. (6) to earn sufficient money: To
            keep out of debt. To keep one’s head above water.
            To keep the wolf from the door.

            n. the cost of food, shelter and other necessities
            for living: To earn one’s keep. She works in
            return for her keep.



                evince -p 315 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &


            304 - keeper

            is anages OF
            LE ee xan
            SUPPORS: Eee ate pats elated,
            keeping safe cep “ a tone trying
            keapiy ghee eS of living as high
            iy of ons friends and neighbours. See
            demonstration effect.
            keg see cask. |
            kelvin the basic
            K.
            <entucky, U.S.A.
            ces Round a series of meetings suggested
            in 1963 by the American President, John F.
            Kennedy, with the aim of removing hindrances
            to international trade. Under arrangements
            made by GATT, the meetings were held from
            1964 to 1967 in Geneva, with over 50 countries
            taking part. The negotiations resulted in agree-
            ments for a general reduction in tariffs by 1972
            of up to 50%, esp. on industrial products.
            kerb broker STK. EXCH. a stock and share broker
            who is not a member of the Stock Exchange.
            Syn. kerb-stone broker.
            kerb exchange see American Stock Exchange.
            kerb market STK. EXCH. (1) an unofficial market
            in which securities are bought and sold after
            hours, i.e. after the Stock Exchange has closed
            for the day. (2) a market for securities that are
            not quoted or dealt in on the Stock Exchange.
            Syn. street market.
            ketch sHIPG. a small two-masted, strongly-built
            sailing vessel used mainly for short coastal
            voyages. |
            key ComMP. the particular field within a data
            record on a computer that is used for identify-
            ing and retrieving that record, e.g. the
            employee’s surname in a pay-roll system.
            keyboard n. (1) a set of keys or levers by which
            a typewriter, a computer, a word processor and
            a typesetting machine are operated. (2) the
            keys or notes on a musical instrument such as
            a piano and accordion.
            v. to work the keyboard of a machine.
            key currency see international currency under
            currency.
            keyed advertisement see under advertisement.
            key industries IND. the chief or basic indus-
            tries; those that are so important that, if they
            stopped production, many other industries, and
            the whole country, would suffer badly.
            key money com. a payment of premium, over
            and above the rent, that a new tenant may
            agree to pay to the owner of a property before
            being given the key and thus being allowed to
            enter and use it. Also, key money is usu. paid
            by an existing tenant to the owner when the
            lease is renewed, (a) as a consideration to the
            onner ed the key money he would get if he
            et the property to a new tenant instead
            o! Tenewing the old lease, (b) as a price the
            existing tenant can justly expect to pay to

            S.I. unit of temperature. Addr.

            = —— <a


            serve his business where it is anq th
            sia Teavaned the goodwill, because a busines,
            without a lease has little sale value.

            Keynes John Maynard, Lord Keynes

            (1883-1946), English economist. After lectur.
            ing at Cambridge under Alfred Marshall, edit.
            ing the Economic Journal and being Secretar
            of the Royal Economic Society, he joined thy
            Treasury during the 1914-18 war. His book
            The Economic Consequences of the Peace (\9} 9)
            described how he resigned when the allied
            countries at the Paris Peace Conference ref.
            used to adopt his advice on how Germany
            should be treated financially. Advanced Study
            at Cambridge led to the writing of his Gener;
            Theory of Employment, Interest and Money
            (1936). This book had far-reaching effects op
            world economic thought, called by some the
            Keynesian Revolution. During the Second
            World War he again worked in the Treasury
            and prepared the Keynes Plan for reorganizing
            the monetary system of the world; but this plan
            was replaced at the Bretton Woods Conference
            in 1944 by another setting up the International
            Monetary Fund and the World Bank. See also
            Keynesian Economics.

            Keynesian Economics ECON. THEORY Called
            by some the Keynesian Revolution or the New
            Economics, the entirely new explanation of the
            trade cycle and the ways of controlling it,
            presented in J.M. Keynes’s book General
            Theory of Employment, Interest and Money
            (1936). He and his followers argued that: the
            government of any country has the power and
            the duty to keep employment always at the
            highest possible level; that this can be done by
            influencing the demand for goods and services
            by adjusting taxation and public spending; and
            that private investment can be influenced by
            monetary controls, esp. the level of interest
            rates and the quantity of money. Other impor-
            tant matters in Keynesian economic theory
            are: the national income; liquidity preference:
            and the levels of consumption and Saving. See
            also Keynes, John Maynard.

            Keynesianism Econ. THEORY the economic
            ideas and principles held by J. M. Keynes and
            his followers. See Keynesian Economics.

            K.F.A.E.D. Kuwait Fund for Arab Economic
            Development.

            kg kilogram(me).

            kibbutz AGR. & IND. in Israel, a collective farm
            or industrial settlement, usu. owned and run
            by its members as a co-operative. After paying
            for the basic living expenses of the members.
            profits are reinvested in the organization. P/.
            kibbutzim.

            kick (collog.) dismissal: To get the kick, to be
            aanaeed from employment. Syn. boot; push;
            sack,

            kickback (U.S.A. collog.) (1) money that is some-


                evince -p 316 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            times demanded secretly from a worker by a
            foreman, manager or employer. (This practice
            is, of course, unlawful.) (2) any money paid in
            order to receive a favour. Syn. accommodation
            payment. .
            ijl., kild. kilderkin. | !
            - ilderkin see cask. Abbr. kil.; kild. |
            ,ilo kilogram(me). ) Ki
            kilo- the prefix used in the metric system of SI
            units to mean one thousand: | kilogram =
            1000 grams; 1 kilometre = 1000 metres; | kr
            kilovolt = 1000 volts; 1 kilobit = 1000 bits; = kr
            | kilowatt = 1000 watts. kr

            ujlobyte COMP. a unit used to measure computer
            storage or memory, being equal to 1024 bytes
            in the binary system but often taken as 1000
            bytes in rough calculations. Abbr. K or k. See
            also megabyte.

            kind see income in kind; payment in kind.

            kingpin (collog.) the most important person ina kr
            group of persons. Mr Jones, the chairman, is the
            kingpin of the company. Young Smith is the kt
            kingpin of our sales team.

            king-size COM. an extra large size (esp. of ciga- kr
            rettes).

            king’s shilling ECON. HIST. To take the king’s
            shilling, to join the (British) army (from the

            | shilling (Sp) coin given to a newly-joined

            soldier in the nineteenth century). It became
            the gueen’s shilling when the monarch was a
            queen.
            kiosk a small hut with one or more sides open iki
            when used for selling newspapers, tobacco, ice-
            cream, sweets, etc. Telephone kiosk, see call-
            box. ks
            kit (1) a traveller’s clothes and personal property
            | carried with him in his luggage or baggage. (2)
            | a set of tools: A tool kit is supplied free with a
            new car. (3) a complete set of materials and
            parts, sometimes with tools also, needed to kt
            make something, such as a toy, a piece of
            furniture, or a machine. ki
            kite (1) BKG. (collog.) a worthless cheque or
            bill of exchange. Kite-flying, a dishonest trick
            practised on banks: an accommodation bill
            (see separate entry) is drawn on a person and
            is quickly discounted at the bank; it is then kt
            found that the person on whom the bill was kt
            drawn fails to honour it because he has received
            no consideration (goods or money in return).
            Syn. kiting. (2) TRANSPT. (colloq.) an aircraft.
            kite-mark IND. & COM. a mark, in the form of a
            kite, placed by manufacturers on goods
            approved by the British Standards Institution.
            kiting BKG. (collog.) kite-flying, see kite.
            kitty (1) money collected from each of a group
            of persons to be held and used later for an
            agreed common purpose, such as a pleasure
            trip to the seaside or the theatre or a supply of
            good food for a feast day. Syn. pool. (2) money
            collected from each of a group of persons at



            Kondratiev cycle - 305

            the beginning of a game, to be given to the
            winner(s). Syn. stake-money. (3) generally, any
            money that has been accumulated, such as
            personal savings. (4) the general state of a
            person’s or organization’s finances: He has
            plenty in the kitty. The club has very little in the
            kitty, has very little capital to spend.

            iwi (collog.) (1) a New Zealander (the name of
            the flightless bird which is used as a national
            emblem (sign)). (2) the N.Z. dollar (NZ$).

            n kilometre.

            n/h kilometres per hour.

            10ck down at an auction sale, the action of
            the auctioneer in knocking his table with a
            small hammer to declare that an article has
            been sold to the last bidder. Abbr. k.d.; K.D.
            knock-down price a very low price, esp. one
            reduced (knocked down) from a much higher
            price.

            1ocked down condition see completely
            knocked down. Abbr. k.d.c.; K.D.C.

            10cker CoM. (collog.) a door-to-door salesman.
            Also knocker-up.

            10ck-for-knock agreement INSCE. an agree-
            ment among a group of insurers, esp. of motor
            vehicles, that each insurer in the group bears
            his own loss by paying the claim of his own
            policy holders whatever their liability, instead
            of going to the trouble and expense of making
            claims against, and settling the claims of, other
            insurers’ policy holders.

            rocking copy ADVTG. any wording in an
            advertisement that is critical of a rival product.
            Syn. (U.S.A.) comparative advertising.

            10ck off (1) (collog.) to stop work for the day:
            We knock off at five o’clock. (2) to deduct; to
            make a simple price by deducting something:
            We shall knock off the pence. (3) (collog.) to
            steal.

            rnockoff n. (U.S.A. collog.) an unauthorized
            copy of a product. Also knock-off.

            nock-out agreement COM. a secret (and
            illegal) agreement by a group of dealers at an
            auction sale not to bid against each other, so
            that an article may be sold to one of them at
            an unfairly low price. See bidders’ ring.

            nock-out price see under price.

            NOt SHIPG. (1) incorrectly, a sea mile of 6080 ft.
            in English-speaking countries. Syn. nautical
            mile; geographical mile. Cf. statute mile. (2)
            correctly, a unit of speed of one sea (or nautical)
            mile per hour used in navigation (fixing a ship’s
            position and course).

            now-how (colloq.) special knowledge or skill:
            knowing how to do something difficult, esp. in
            planning and starting something new, such
            as a new process, or new machinery; or in
            overcoming some difficulty, such as stopping a
            fire in an oil-well. Syn. expertise; expertness.

            ondratiev cycle ECON. the best-known model
            of a business cycle, named after the Russian




                evince -p 317 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            306 - kraft
            economist who developed it in the cae
            suggests that in a capitalist system ee
            Sole cycles of prosperity —
            recession which happen every 50- y , oe
            kraft COM. 4 kind of strong oe muc
            king parcels. a"
            sat ah nofficial coin containing

            nd FIN. an un | 2 :
            ee es of pure gold, first issued 1n oa
            Republic of South Africa by the Chamber o

            ac in 1967, but never used as currency.
            Pagerank are bought in those countries
            where the public may not buy gold bullion
            (bars) but may buy gold coins. There is a good
            demand for them from persons wishing to
            possess gold as a hedge (protection) against
            ‘nflation. Their market price varies with the
            price of gold.

            KS Kansas, U.S.A. .
            Kuwait Fund for Arab Economic Develop-

            ment (K.F.A.E.D.) an organization set up in
            1961 to use oil revenues to improve social
            conditions, esp. in countries of the Arab world.
            Generally known as the Kuwait Fund, it is
            also doing much by providing technical and
            financial help in the developing non-Arab
            countries of Africa. Cf. Arab Bank for Eco-
            nomic Development in Africa (A.B.E.D.A.).

            kV kilovolt.

            kVA kilovolt-ampere.

            kW kilowatt.

            kWh kilowatt-hour.

            KY, Ky. Kentucky, U.S.A.

            e

            £ sign for the pound sterling.

            L the Roman numeral for SO.

            LA, La. Louisiana, U.S.A.

            Lab. Labrador, Canada.

            labor (U.S.A.) see labour.

            laboratory see language laboratory.

            labor union (U.S.A.) IND. REL. a trade union.

            labour (1) work, esp. human work needing the
            use of strength of body or skill and effort of
            mind, usu. done for gain: Jt is the hope of reward
            that sweetens labour. (2) the whole class of
            persons who work for their living: The organiz-
            ation of labour. See organized labour. (3) ECON.
            THEORY one of the main factors of production,
            the human energy and mental skill and judg-
            ment applied in producing economic goods.
            The return to, or price of, labour is called
            wages and depends on supply and demand. The
            supply of labour is affected by the size of the
            Ean its geographical distribution, its
            end of education and training, its organiza-
            i and its composition by age and sex. The

            — for labour is a ‘derived demand’

            needed only for the products it produces: and

            er will employ more labour until he
            aie st point where the cost of employing
            one more worker will just equal the amount of
            revenue that the worker will bring in, 1.€. when
            the marginal revenue equals the marginal cost.
            U.S.A. labor.
            casual labour see casual (2).
            contract labour sce indentured labour unde,
            indentured.
            direct labour see separate entry.
            indentured labour see under Se aaiem
            indirect labour see separate entry.

            labour, aiaion of see division of labour. ,

            labourer an unskilled worker, esp. one doing
            outdoor work that needs strength rather than
            skill or training: An agricultural/builder’s |a-
            bourer. A day labourer, one employed and paid

            the day.

            Labourers, Statute of ECON. HIST. a law passed
            by the English Parliament in 1351 in an
            attempt to stop the sharp rise in wages and
            prices caused by the shortage of labour that
            followed the Black Death (1347-50), a terrible
            ‘lIness that killed more than a third of the
            population of Europe.

            labour exchange see job centre.

            labour, fluidity of see mobility of labour.

            labour force see manpower. _

            labour grading see job evaluation.

            labour-intensive IND. of an industry, needing
            a large amount of labour per unit of output,
            i.e. one in which wages form a high proportion
            of the costs of production.

            labour market see under market.

            labour, mobility of see mobility of labour.

            labour relations see industrial relations.

            Labour Theory of Value ECON. THEORY the
            idea argued by the English economists Adam
            Smith (1723-90) and David Ricardo
            (1772-1823) and later developed by Karl Marx
            (1818-83), that the value of a good is equal to
            the cost, in wages, of all the labour used in
            producing it. Many economists have pointed
            out that this theory takes no note of the part
            played by other factors of production, such as
            land and capital, or of the cost of using these
            f' actors—rent and interest; nor does the theory

            consider the effect of variations in the pro-

            ductivity of workers. Syn. Labour Value The-
            ory. Cf. Cost of Production Theory of Value
            labour turnover IND. the rate at which |

            staff

            leave an organization and are replaced by new

            employees. Too high a labour turnover rate

            may mean that there is something unsatisfac-

            tory about working for the izati
            Organization and
            that action therefo : :

            re needs )
            laBiciat oeate to be taken.

            at ge IND. employees leaving organ-
            izations for their own re oe

            Se cate asons, as sed t
            being dismissed or made sina :

            a redundant. Syn. wast-
            lac see lakh.


                evince -p 318 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            laches LAW neglect or unreasonable delay in
            claiming the remedy of a legal wrong. The law
            demands that the owner of a right shall take
            action to protect the right within a reasonable
            time of being wronged; and states that if he
            does not, and without complaining allows him-
            self to be wronged over a long period, he will
            get no remedy in a court of law. Pron. latchiz.

            laden (1) TRANSPT. loaded: Laden weight, weight
            (of a vehicle) when fully loaded. Opp. unladen.
            (2) sH1pG. Laden draught, see under draught.
            Laden in bulk (of a ship), loaded with a cargo
            that is loose, not placed in any kind of con-
            tainers.

            lading n. (1) SHIPG. & TRANSPT. (the act of)
            loading: The lading of a ship.
            lading port adj. the port at which a ship loads
            her cargo, as opposed to the discharge port,
            where she unloads it.

            (2) a load or cargo; freight. See bill of lading.

            Lady Day see quarter-day.

            Laffer curve ECON. a curve invented by the
            American economist Arthur B. Laffer in 1978
            which aims to show the relation between rates
            of taxation and economic activity. The curve
            is a parabola relating tax rate with government
            revenue; revenue is nil both when the tax rate
            is nil and when it is 100%; somewhere between
            there must be a point where revenue is highest
            but where the tax rate is not so high as to make
            people unwilling to work to earn more. Supply-
            side economists claim that this curve shows
            that under stagflation a lowered rate of tax will
            encourage workers to work and producers to
            produce more, thus increasing employment
            and general economic activity.

            L.A.F.T.A. Latin-American Free Trade Associ-
            ation.

            lag FIN. v. to take longer than the standard credit
            period to pay a debt. Lagging is used when the
            money is owed overseas as a form of currency
            hedging, i.e. the company waits for a more
            favourable exchange rate before paying.

            lagan SHIPG. goods lost or thrown overboard that
            have sunk to the bottom but are marked, e.g.
            by a buoy, to help to find them. Also lagin or
            ligan.

            laid up (1) TRANSPT. & SHIPG. taken out of use
            and stored until needed to be used again: Three
            of our ships are laid up. Abbr. \/u. (2) (collog.)
            of a person, ill and unable to work: To be laid
            up with influenza.

            laissez-faire ECON. THEORY French, allow to do,
            i.e. ‘leave people free to act as they wish’.
            The words express the strong belief that the
            economy is best left alone and that the best
            results are obtained when each person is free
            to act as he wishes. This policy of non-inter-
            ference by the State in economic affairs was
            supported by various groups of economists
            from the mid-eighteenth-century Physiocrats

            land agent - 307

            in France and the Classical Schoo! from Adam
            Smith and John Stuart Mill onwards to the
            Cambridge School under Alfred Marshall. By
            the end of the nineteenth century, most sup-
            porters of the policy came to accept the need
            for some degree of government control, but
            many still believe that such control should be
            as little as possible. Also laisser-faire. |

            lakers sHIPG. ships employed in Carrying cargoes
            on the Great Lakes and connected canals and
            waterways of Canada and U.S.A.

            lakh in the Indian subcontinent, one hundred
            thousand, usu. of rupees, written Rs 1,00,000:
            one hundred lakhs make a crore, i.e. ten million
            rupees, written Rs 1,00,00,000. Also lac.

            lame duck (1) FIN. & IND. (collog.) a popular
            British expression for inefficient, unprofitable
            producers who cannot continue in business
            without help from the government. (2) (U.S.A.
            collog.) a high official who, because he is soon
            to retire or be replaced, no longer has enough
            authority to act effectively. (3) STK. EXCH. a
            member of the Stock Exchange who will soon
            be hammered because he cannot pay his debts.
            See hammer, v. (1).

            Lammas see quarter-day.

            L.A.N. local area network.

            Lanes. Lancashire, England.

            land n. (1) ECON. THEORY one of the factors of
            production, called ‘natural resources’, being the
            gifts of Nature in the form of useful materials of
            all kinds in or on the earth, including surface
            space, soil, rocks, minerals, water, winds and
            weather. The return to, or price of, land is
            called rent, and depends on supply and
            demand. The supply of land is relatively limited
            and cannot easily be increased to meet an
            increase in demand. Land itself has no cost of
            production, so that its earnings, rent, depend
            on the degree of scarcity and on the demand
            for it. (2) LAW any part of the earth that can
            be possessed as property, and any interest in a
            part of the earth, such as mining rights.
            landed adj. Landed property. Landed gentry, a
            class of persons owning land.
            v. (1) to put persons or goods on to the land:
            The ship has landed her passengers and cargo.
            (2) of aircraft, to come down to the earth’s
            surface: The plane landed at Cairo. (3) (collog.)
            to obtain; to gain: He has landed a good job/a
            big order/a contract/the first prize. (4) To be
            landed with, to become responsible for Carrying
            a burden such as an unprofitable asset or some-
            body else’s debts: The merger has landed us with
            some unsaleable stock. His father’s death has
            landed him with heavy debts to settle.

            land agent com. (1) an agent who acts for buyers
            and sellers of land. Syn. estate agent. (2) a
            manager employed by the owner of a large
            estate to let farms and houses, to collect rents,
            to keep accounts, and generally to make the



                evince -p 319 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            308 - land bank

            estate as profitable as possible. Syn. estate

            manager; steward.

            land bank see agricultur | zi.
            Land Certificate see title-deeds under deed.

            Registry in Britain, a govern-
            — ee paibls for recording on .
            ges such as mortgages, on land to which the
            title is unregistered, i.e. not yet recorded at the
            Land Registry. Cf. register of charges.
            d cost see under cost.
            eal TRANSPT. & SHIPG. (1) the first sight of
            land after a sea or air voyage. (2) the place on
            the coast which is first seen from the sea or
            air.
            landing see disembarkation. Abbr. !dg.
            landing card TRANSPT. & SHIPG. a card given to
            passengers who have satisfied customs and
            other formalities and therefore have per-
            mission to land from a ship or plane. Cf.
            boarding card.

            landing charges com. charges that have to
            be paid when cargo is landed at the port of
            destination.

            landing craft SHIPG. a special vessel with a flat
            bottom and a front part that can be lowered
            to let men and vehicles land on a beach.

            landing order see warehousing entry under cus-
            toms entry.

            landing stage SHIPG. a wharf, pier or jetty
            where people may land on the shore from boats
            or ships.

            landlady com. (1) a woman who keeps an inn
            or a boarding house or lets rooms in her house
            to one or more lodgers. (2) the wife of an
            innkeeper, see landlord (3).

            landless CoM. esp. of poor farmers, not owning
            any land; having to cultivate land owned by
            others.

            landlord (1) a landowner. (2) LAW the owner of
            a property who allows a tenant to use his land
            or house in return for payment of rent, usu.
            as stated formally in the lease. (3) Com. an
            innkeeper. Fem. landlady.
            ground landlord the owner of land which has
            been leased to a person for a fixed period (usu.
            99 years) on condition that he builds a house
            or other things on the land. See ground rent
            under rent.

            landiord and tenant LAw a branch of the
            law that deals with the rights and duties of
            landlords, the owners of property, and tenants,
            who lease property from them in return for
            payment of rent.

            land, marginal see marginal land.

            Land Registry Law in Britain, a government
            department responsible for recording infor-
            mation about all property in England and
            Wales that has a registered title, i.e. is in
            Seca i asetnty in which changes of
            cea and must be registered. These

            ing gradually extended. Infor-

            al bank.


            mation about each property is recorded in its
            own register, which consists of three parts.
            a charges register, a property register, and a
            proprietorship register. (See all these.) Cf. Land
            Charges Registry.
            Lands Tribunal Law in Britain, a special cour
            with power to determine what Compensation
            shall be paid to owners of land that has beep
            taken for public use, called compulsory pyr.
            chase, if the question cannot be settled by
            negotiation.
            land tax see under tax. |
            language a system of words by which human
            beings speak or write to each other: To learn
            a foreign language. See also mother tongue;
            pidgin. |
            assembly language in computer programming,
            a language made up of special symbols and
            codes in which the program is written by the
            programmer. Because it is closer to human
            language, it is easier to work in than the binary
            language in which the computer operates.
            Examples of assembly languages are ALGOL,
            BASIC, COBOL, FORTRAN and PL/1. A
            device in the computer called a translator con-
            verts the assembly language into machine lan-
            guage. Syn. computer language; programming
            language; source language.
            computer language see assembly language
            above.
            high-level language a modern and more
            advanced form of assembly language in which
            the codes used are very close to everyday
            human language.
            indigenous language the language of the people
            who are descended from the original native
            peopie of a region.
            language of instruction the language used in the
            schools and universities of a country. Syn.
            medium of instruction.
            machine language in computing, the actual
            string of binary digits which the computer
            reads and executes. Syn. machine code.
            native language see mother tongue.
            object language in computing, the language into
            which the translator is converting the source
            language, i.e. the source language is usu. an
            assembly language and the object language is
            usu. machine language.
            Official language the language used by the
            government of a country in its law-making
            councils, law courts and public offices.
            programming language see assembly language
            above.
            second language a language which a person has
            learnt and can use in addition to his mother
            tongue. Here second means extra, for a person
            may have several second languages, e.g. a per-
            son who lives in Beirut, whose mother tongue

            is Arabic, may well have English and French
            as second languages.


                evince -p 320 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &


            . “ er =

            —— Le
            = eee Lane hi #2

            ee ee ee eae ie ek i

            ~—-

            ‘
            !

            source language see assembly language above.
            world language a language used very widely in
            the world, e.g. English, French. |

            language laboratory a room provided with
            special sound-recording apparatus for teaching
            foreign languages.

            lapse INSCE. an insurance contract which has
            not been renewed and is no longer effective.
            Syn. lapsed policy.

            lapse of time LAw one of the several ways by
            which a contract may be discharged (come to
            an end), esp. if the contract is for a stated
            period and that period has passed. If there 1s
            delay by both parties in performing the con-
            tract it may be ended by common agreement.
            If one of the conditions of the contract is that
            ‘time is of the essence’, i.e. that the time of
            performance is essentially important, the con-
            tract is not ended by the failure of the party to
            perform the condition and he remains liable.
            In Britain, lapse of time may, under the Limi-
            tation Acts, make a contract unenforceable,
            i.e. impossible for a court of law to support,
            and it becomes statute barred.

            L.A.P.T. London Association for the Protection
            of Trade.

            larboard sHIPG. the old word for port, the left-
            hand side of a ship when facing forward. Opp.
            starboard.

            larceny LAW the offence of stealing. See theft.

            large-scale (1) in an intensive manner: Large-
            scale production, producing a commodity in
            large quantities, needing the employment of
            many workers and use of large amounts of
            capital. (2) of a map, drawn to a large scale,
            i.e. a unit of length on the map represents
            relatively few of the same units on the ground.

            lascar SHIPG. an Asian seaman, esp. one from
            India or Pakistan.

            laser printer Comp. the highest quality of com-
            puter printer. It is driven by a laser beam.

            last (1) a unit of volume used for measuring
            corn, 640 gallons = 2909. 5 litres. See corn and
            dry measure table on page 554. (2) a unit of
            weight used for measuring wool, 12 sacks of
            364 Ib = 4368 Ib (1981.3 kg). (3) ship’s cargo.

            lastage sHIPG. the cargo-space in a ship.

            last in, first out ACCTS. & FIN. a method of
            valuing stocks which assumes that the items
            sold from stock are those which were purchased
            most recently, and that therefore the stock
            remaining should be valued at the cost of the
            first items received as part of the stock. Abbr.
            L.I.F.O. Cf. first in, first out (F.I.F.O.).

            last sale sTK. EXCH. in share-price tables, the

            price of the largest block of shares in a partic-
            ular company sold during the last trading
            Period of the stock exchange.

            “st-survivor policy see under insurance pol-
            icy.

            lat. latitude.


            law - 309

            lateral filing see lateral suspension filing under
            filing system.

            lateral integration see horizontal integration
            under integration.

            Latin American Free Trade Association
            (L.A.F.T.A.) a regional organization formed
            in 1961 by Argentina, Brazil, Chile, Colombia,
            Ecuador, Mexico, Paraguay, Peru, Uruguay
            and Venezuela. It aims to encourage trade
            between its members and to set up a Latin
            American Common Market at a later stage;
            and tariffs have been partially reduced. In 1969
            a new group, the Andean Pact, was set up by
            several of the member countries.

            latitude the distance of a place north or south
            of the equator, measured in degrees, minutes
            and seconds, e.g. 51°07’40” (Dover), of an angle
            at the centre of the earth. Thus, the equator is
            lat. 0°: the North Pole lat. 90°N; the South
            Pole lat. 90°S. High latitudes are those near the
            poles, /ow latitudes are those near the equator,
            and mid-latitudes, those between. Parallels of
            latitude are lines drawn on a map through
            points or places of equal latitude. These lines
            are of course parallel with the equator. See also
            horse latitudes. Cf. longitude. Addr. lat.

            launch n. sHIPG. a small passenger vessel with
            an engine, used for short journeys on rivers or
            in harbours: A motor launch.

            v. (1) SHIPG. to float a newly-built ship. (2) STK.
            EXCH. to start a new company. (3) COM. &
            ADVTG. to put a new product on the market.

            launderette a room, usu. in a retail shopping
            centre, in which the public can use coin-oper-
            ated machines for washing, drying (and some-
            times also dry-cleaning) clothes. Syn.
            washeteria; (U.S.A.) laundromat; coin laun-
            dry.

            laundering FIN. (collog.) secretly arranging the
            placing of illegally obtained money in or
            through foreign bank accounts in order to hide
            how it was obtained. Syn. money-washing.

            laundry (1) a room or building provided with
            machinery and apparatus for washing and iron-
            ing clothes. (2) clothes that need to be, or have
            just been, washed and ironed. (3) FIN. foreign
            banks and Other financial organizations in
            which illegally obtained money can be depos-
            ited. See laundering.

            L.A.U.T.R.O. Life Assurance and Unit Trust
            Regulatory Organization. See under self-regu-
            latory organization.

            law LAW (1) a rule of correct behaviour, made
            by the government or law-making body of a
            country, that must be obeyed by every member
            of society. These rules are kept in force by the
            power of the courts and certain other authorit-
            ies to order offenders to be punished: The
            law of copyright/theft. International law. (2) the
            whole body or system of accepted rules and

            basic ideas that guide the State and its officials _



                evince -p 321 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            310 - lawful
            = | aw e law

            - administering justice: Commit ee es
            of equily. (3) the protes . of public behav-
            trained in the accepted rules oe , He has
            ‘our and the administration oe ae 1 3e
            chosen the law as a career. (4) (collog.) the po :
            ; : an: Here comes the law, a policeman.
            : re aes law, the police. See also by-law.
            The arm of t : ores aif by law: that does not go

            lawful Law (1) allowed Dy \@™
            against the law: /f is lawful to sell food on a
            Sunday. Stealing is not lawful. Opp. ae
            illegal. (2) having a right or rights given by
            law: He is my lawful heir. She ts my lawful wife.
            1 am the lawful owner of my house. Cf. legal.

            lawful money see under moncy.

            law merchant see commercial law.

            law of nations see international law.

            law of property see property.

            laws, conflict of see international law.

            Law Society Law in England and Wales, the
            professional organization, based in London,
            that controls all practising solicitors (but not
            barristers). It has legal power and responsi-
            bility for the training, examining and admis-
            sion of new entrants to the profession, for
            keeping a roll or list of working solicitors; for
            seeing that they work to very high standards
            of honesty and discipline; and for performing
            certain other services for the profession and
            the public such as administering the Legal Aid
            Scheme.

            lawsuit Law (1) the making of a claim in a
            court of law. (2) any civil action in a law court.

            lawyer LAW a professional person, trained in
            the law and authorized to advise clients on
            legal business and to represent them in courts
            of law. In England and Wales, lawyers are
            either barristers (also called counsel) or solici-
            tors. In Scotland, lawyers are either advocates
            or writers. In the U.S.A., lawyers are either
            counsellors or attorneys-at-law. In some coun-
            tries, e.g. Canada, the U.S.A., New Zealand
            and in Victoria, Australia, the same person
            may be both a barrister and a solicitor.

            lay-by 7. TRANSPT. in Britain, a place by the side
            of a road where vehicles can stop without
            getting in the way of other traffic.
            v. COM. an arrangement by which, on payment
            of a deposit, a shopkeeper lays by, i.e. holds
            in store, an article bought by a customer until
            the customer has paid the balance of the price,
            either in a lump sum or by instalments. Syn.
            (U.S.A.) layaway.

            lay days sHIPG. the number of days allowed in
            the charter-party for the loading and unloading
            . the ship. See demurrage; despatch money.

            yn. lay time.

            lay off IND. To lay off workers, temporarily to
            ae them, usu. because there js no
            ie sm to do. N. layoff. Syn. to make

            lay out (1) To lay our money, to spend money

            eS a A, ee

            esp. large sums according to a plan or system.
            The company has laid out £1 million on researc},
            (2) To lay out goods, to place them on show gs,
            that they are easily seen.
            layout (1) ADVTG. the arrangement of words,
            pictures, ¢tc. in printed matter. A diagram
            showing this. (2) IND. of a factory, offices
            etc., the way the building and its contents are
            arranged. A drawing or diagram showing this, |
            lay time see lay days.
            lay up see laid up. wae &
            lazaret sHIPG. (1) a building in a port, set apart
            for goods needing fumigation, 1.¢. treatment
            by smoke or gas to destroy the causes of disease |
            and kill harmful insects. (2) a space inaship |
            set aside for persons who are being kept in
            quarantine. Also lazaretto.
            Ib pound (weight), pounds.
            L.B.O. leveraged buyout. .
            L.C., L/C, I.c., I/c, le. letter of credit.
            I.c. lower case.
            L.C.C. London Chamber of Commerce; life-
            cycle costing. |
            L.C.E. London Commodity Exchange. |
            L.C.L. less-than-container (load).
            L.D. London Docks.
            Ld. Limited. |
            L.D.C. less developed country.
            L.D.N. less developed nation.
            Idg. loading, landing.
            Ids. loads.
            leadage IND. & TRANSPT. (1) the distance that
            coal has to be carried from a mine to the
            nearest railway or port. (2) the cost per ton of
            carrying the coal over this distance.
            leader (1) STK. EXCH. a leading stock or share;
            a security that is usu. bought and sold in larger
            numbers than are other securities. (2) COM. an
            article or commodity that a shopkeeper sells
            mainly to attract customers and to tempt them
            to buy other goods.
            loss-leader a leader that is sold below its cost.
            leading indicator see business barometer.
            lead manage BKG. & FIN. to be at the head of
            a group of managers, esp. investment banks,
            in marketing a new issue of securities.
            lead time (1) IND. time needed to obtain sup-
            plies, from the date of placing an order until
            the date that delivery can be expected. Syn.
            See (2) com. ms ADVTG. time needed
            } Consumer to take a decision to buy.
            leaflet a single sheet of printed paper, ae
            times folded to form several pages, containing
            matter either advertising a product or giving
            : irections on how to use it. Cf. brochure.
            tm of Arab States see Arab League.
            @ge CoM. (1) an escape of liquid from a
            oe me - allowance made for natural

            - a

            = es

            tity of a liquid, by various
            Causes such as evaporation. Abbr. ikge.
            yar see under year.


                evince -p 322 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &



            lease LAW an agreement in writing by which
            one person gives another the right to use prop-
            erty, usu. for a fixed number of years, in return
            for either a single sum of money called a
            premium or a series of regular payments called
            rent. The person giving the lease is called the
            lessor, the person to whom it is given is the
            lessee or tenant. Syn. tenancy. To grant a lease,
            to give (a person) a lease. To take a lease, to
            become the lessee (of a property). To take on
            lease, to arrange to have the use (of property)
            by paying a premium or rent. See let, v.
            building lease a lease of land which binds the
            lessee to build certain stated buildings, to keep
            them in good repair during the period of the
            lease, usu. 99 years, and to pay a stated rent
            (called ground rent). At the end of this time
            the buildings belong to the lessor.

            derivative lease see under-lease below.
            head-lease a lease given by an original lessor
            who is the freeholder of the property, as dis-
            tinguished from an under-lease.

            long lease in Britain, under the Companies
            Acts, a lease that has at least 50 years left
            before it ends. Cf. short lease.

            occupational lease a lease that allows the lessee
            to occupy (live in or take possession of) the
            property as a tenant for a stated number of
            years.

            repairing lease one in which the tenant must
            pay for repairs.

            short lease a lease that has less than 50 years
            left before it ends. Cf. long lease.

            sub-lease see under-lease below.

            under-lease a lease that is given by a person
            who is already the lessee of the property under
            a head-lease. Syn. sub-lease; derivative lease.
            v. to let out on lease; to take a lease of.
            lease-back FIN. a practice adopted by an owner
            of property to obtain cash for use as capital.
            He sells the property on condition that he can
            lease it back at an agreed rent for a fixed
            number of years.

            leasehold 7. Law the right, given in a lease to
            a person called the leaseholder or lessee or
            tenant, to own and use land and buildings for
            a stated period in return for payment of a
            premium or rent. See leasehold estate under
            estate.

            adj. (of land and buildings) held on lease. cf:
            freehold.

            leasehold mortgage see under mortgage.
            leasehold property see under property.

            leave (1) permission to be absent from work: To
            give/grant/allow an employee leave of absence.
            To overstay one’s leave, to fail to return promptly
            at the end of a period of leave. To be absent
            without leave. (2) a holiday: To go on/be on
            leave. Our employees get three weeks’ annual
            leave. He works in Singapore and gets six weeks’
            home leave, so that he can visit his home coun-

            ledger account - 311

            try.
            annual leave days of leave with pay that an
            employee has the right to take each year by
            law or under his contract of service, esp. for a
            rest from work or for a holiday. Syn. privilege
            leave; paid leave; paid holiday; holiday with
            pay.
            casual leave extra days of leave with pay that
            some employees have the right to take, 1.e.
            above their annual leave, in order to deal with
            unexpected happenings such as attendance at
            marriages, burials and similar ceremonies.
            compassionate leave days of leave with pay
            that are allowed by an employer as an act of
            kindness or pity for an employee who has
            suffered some serious misfortune, such as the
            loss of his home by fire or flood, or the serious
            illness of his wife or family. Such leave is usu.
            extra to annual or casual leave.
            French leave absence without obtaining per-
            mission.
            maternity leave leave allowed to a woman
            before and after giving birth to a child.
            privilege leave see annual leave above.
            sabbatical leave a period of leave, with or with-
            out pay, allowed to some teachers for study,
            research, or travel. Such leave is often for
            periods as long as one year, known as a sabbati-
            cal year.
            sick leave days of leave with pay that an
            employee has the right to take if he is too ill
            to work. Under the law of some countries or
            under the employee’s contract of service, leave
            on full pay is allowed for up to a fixed period,
            e.g. 30 days in any one year; after that, sick
            leave on half pay is allowed for up to a further
            period, e.g. 30 more days; and beyond this,
            sick leave without pay may be allowed.

            eave and licence see licensee (2).

            edger ACcCctTs. in double-entry book-keeping, one
            of a set of main account books, or books of
            final entry. In the ledgers, the debits and credits
            of all business dealings of a particular organiza-
            tion are recorded.(See double entry; accounts
            n. pl.) A set of ledgers has two parts: the first
            contains the real and nominal accounts and is
            called the impersonal ledger or general ledger or
            nominal ledger; the other contains the personal
            accounts and is called the personal ledger. The
            personal ledger is itself divided into two parts:
            the first contains the accounts of suppliers and
            is called the bought ledger or purchases ledger:
            the other contains the accounts of customers
            and is called the sales ledger or customers’
            ledger. The cash book is also a ledger combining
            the cash account and the bank account. Led-
            gers were formerly kept as bound books but
            are now usu. loose-leaf or on special cards for
            use with book-keeping machines. See a/so self-
            balancing ledgers.

            ledger account see accounts, n. pi.



                evince -p 323 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &


            312 - ledger clerk

            cctTs. an employee in the accounts

            ng neers is to enter items in the

            department whose work

            ledger accounts. toca
            fees see bank charges. | .
            — aewetd sHIPG. on the side of the ship that

            is away from the wind and is therefore
            more sheltered side. A /ee shore, a shore _ |
            which the wind blows from the sea, and t -
            fore dangerous to nearby ships in a storm.
            lee tide is a tide flowing in the same direction
            as the wind. Opp. windward; weather.

            left-luggage office see cloakroom.

            left out see short shipment.

            leg. legal. .
            legacy LAW personal property given by a person
            under his will, including leaseholds (but not
            freeholds), money, securities, furniture, etc. See
            legatee.
            demonstrative legacy a legacy of money that
            must be paid only out of a particular fund in
            the estate.
            general legacy a legacy usu. of money, that can
            be paid only out of the general assets of the
            estate, and not from any particular fund.
            residuary legacy a legacy consisting of all the
            assets in an estate that remain after specific
            legacies have been settled. Such a legacy may
            be shared out in stated proportions among two
            or more legatees, called residuary legatees.
            specific legacy a legacy that must be paid out
            of a stated part of the assets of the estate.
            legal adj. (1) concerning or connected with the
            law: A legal action/opinion. The legal profession.
            (2) allowed by, or according to, the law; lawful:
            It is legal to possess gold coins but not bullion
            (bars). Opp. illegal. Adv. legally. Abbr. leg.
            legal access see under access (2).
            legal action see action.
            legal advice Law the written or spoken opinion
            of a lawyer about a client’s legal rights and
            duties or about the action he should take in a
            legal matter.
            legal aid LAw in Britain, a government scheme
            by which a person with little money gets help
            from the State towards the cost of legal
            expenses. This help is intended to make it
            possible for anyone accused of a crime to be
            represented in a court by a lawyer; and also to
            help a person to bring or to defend an action
            in a civil court.
            legal assets see assets (2).
            legal capacity see capacity to contract.
            legal charge sing. Law a mortgage.
            legal charges p/. Law the charges made by a
            solicitor for his professional services to his
            client.
            matt OP At , ee day lasting until midnight.
            the ae oe as " be paid on a certain day,
            ao until midnight on that day in
            y; and he cannot be held to be a

            >

            lend


            defaulter unless that hour has passed without
            his having paid. |
            legal estate LAw the ownership of an intereg
            in land, either as a freehold or as a leaseholq
            legal investments (U.S.A.) FIN. & LAW trustee
            securities.
            legalize v. LAW to make legal, lawful: Certgj,
            local lotteries have been legalized by the Gaming
            Act. N. legalization. ,
            legal monopoly see under monopoly.
            legal mortgage see under mortgage.
            legal person LAW a person or group of persons
            recognized by law as having a separate legal
            existence with his or its own rights and duties,
            A legal person is either a natural person, i.e.
            a human being, or an artificial person, i.e. a
            corporation. See artificial person.
            legal remedy sce eae
            ight see right.
            oa concer nate & COM. that form of money in
            which a person has a right by law to pay a
            debt, and which the creditor must by law
            accept in settlement of the debt. In Britain,
            Bank of England notes have unlimited legal
            tender, i.e. must be accepted aS payment of
            debts up to any amount. Coins, however, have
            only limited legal tender; a creditor is bound to
            accept, in one payment, bronze coins (1p, 2p)
            only up to a total of 20p, silver and cupro-
            nickel Sp and 10p coins up to £5, and 50p and
            £1 coins up to £10. |
            legatee LAW a person who receives a legacy, i.e.
            a gift of personal property by the will of a
            person who has died. The person who receives
            all the property that is left after all the legatees
            have received their legacies is called the residu-
            ary legatee.
            legation (1) a group of persons, headed by a
            minister, sent to represent the government of
            one country in another country. (2) the office
            or building in which they work. The British
            Legation.
            legislation Law (1) the act of making laws. (2)
            laws, esp. statute laws, i.e. Acts of Parliament
            in Britain, Acts of Congress in U.S.A.., etc.
            Leics. Leicestershire, England.

            leisure ECON. THEORY time spent not working,
            but in enjoyment, amusement, and personal
            interests. Since leisure is part of a worker's
            standard of living, it is an economic good.

            When his wages are increased he may decide

            to work fewer hours in order to have more time

            to spend on leisure, i.e. he Shows a marginal
            preference for leisure.

            leisure industries Law
            or performin
            for use in enj
            games equi
            theatre and televisi

            hose making products
            g services demanded by the public
            oying leisure, from books, music,
            pment, amusements such as the
            On, to sports and travel.

            FIN. & BKG. to allow someone to use a sum


                evince -p 324 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            of money on the understanding that it will be
            repaid and will earn interest. .
            lender FIN. & BKG. a person or organization
            whose business it is to lend money for interest.
            See also lender of last resort, moneylender.
            lender of last resort BKG. & FIN. the central
            bank of a country in its responsibility for con-
            trolling the country’s banking system. In Brit-
            ain, the Bank of England is always ready to
            lend money to the leading discount houses to
            which it acts as banker, but only on its own
            conditions. Thus when the commercial banks
            need money, they call in loans from the dis-
            ' count houses, who then have to borrow from
            | the Bank of England as lender of last resort,
            i.e. they have no other means of borrowing.
            The Bank uses its special position to charge a
            high rate of interest (called the minimum lend-
            ing rate) for these loans, and this rate is its
            main instrument in controlling the banking
            system.
            less (before a number or quantity) decreased
            or reduced by; made less by: 10 Jess 2 = 8.
            A gross income of £5000, less income tax of
            £1000, leaves a net income of £4000. Syn.
            minus. Sign: — (10 — 2 = 8; £5000 — £1000 =
            £4000).
            less-developed countries/nations see
            under-developed countries. Abbr. L.D.C. sing.
            lessee LAW the person to whom the lease of a
            property is granted (given) on certain con-
            ditions by the owner or lessor. Syn. tenant;
            nominee.
            lessor LAW the person who grants (gives) a lease.
            Cf. lessee. Syn. landlord.
            less-than-container (load) TRANSPT. an
            L.C.L. container is one in which the space is
            taken up by goods belonging to two or more
            ownersor shippers, and soneeding special handl-
            ing when loading and unloading. Abdr. L.C.L.
            let v. of property, to lease: J have let my house to
            Mr John Smith for five years at £3000 per annum.
            House to let, the house may be taken on lease
            for rent.
            n. (collog.) property that is let; a lease: A good
            let, a property that brings in a good rent. A
            long/short let, a long or short letting or lease.
            letterhead(ing) the heading printed, usu. at
            the top of the notepaper on which letters are
            written or typed, giving the full name and
            address of the person or organization, tele-
            phone and telex numbers, cable and tele-
            graphic addresses, and other useful
            information. See headed letterpaper.
            letter of advice com. & BKG. (1) a letter sent
            by the drawer of a bill of exchange ahead of
            the bill itself, to the drawee to advise (inform
            or warn) him that the bill has been drawn so
            that he may be ready to accept or pay it when
            it arrives. (2) any letter from a supplier to a
            customer esp. one abroad, giving information


            letter of credit - 313

            on matters of common interest, such as names
            and addresses of the supplier’s agents and
            bankers in the customer’s country.

            letter of allotment see allotment letter.

            letter of application sTK. EXCH. a letter, usu.
            on a printed form, from a person who intends
            to invest in a company when shares are first
            issued, requesting to be allotted a stated num-
            ber of shares. If the company accepts his appli-
            cation, he will receive a letter of allotment, but
            if not, he will be sent a letter of regret.

            letter of appointment MAN. a formal letter
            from an employer telling a new employee that
            he has been appointed to (chosen to fill) a
            certain post, the date on which his service and
            right to receive pay will begin, the amount of
            salary or wages, and the hours of work and
            other conditions of service.

            letter of attorney see power of attorney.

            letter of comfort see comfort letter.

            letter of credit BKG. & COM. a letter from one
            party, usu. a bank, to another party, usu. also
            a bank, by which a third party, usu. a customer
            named in the letter, is given the right to obtain
            the money, credit or goods he may need, up to
            a stated value, for which the writer of the letter
            takes responsibility. Abbr. L.C.; L/C; l.c.; I/c;
            Ic. Syn. a credit.
            circular L/C one which is addressed to all
            branches, correspondents and agents of the
            issuing bank. Cf. direct L/C.
            commercial L/C in foreign trade, one that rec-
            ords a business arrangement between an
            importer and a bank by which the bank pays
            the seller of the goods in a foreign country as
            soon as certain stated conditions have been
            met; the bank is repaid by the importer. Such
            L/Cs are usu. irrevocable, i.e. cannot be can-
            celled.
            confirmed L/C one which carries a promise by
            the paying bank that it will be responsible for
            any credit given in connection with the LC.
            and will pay the amount due if the issuing bank
            fails to honour it. See irrevocable L/C below;
            confirmed irrevocable credit.
            direct L/C one which is addressed by the issuing
            bank to one particular branch, correspondent
            or agent. Cf. circular L/C.
            documentary L/C one to which a number of
            documents such as a bill of lading, insurance
            certificate, consignment note, consular invoice,
            certificate of origin, have to be joined by the
            exporter to get payment from the bank.
            irrevocable L/C one which cannot be revoked
            (cancelled) without the agreement of the party
            to whom payment is to be made. See confirmed
            L/C above. To be really safe, L/Cs should be
            both irrevocable and confirmed.
            limited L/C a circular letter of credit that can
            be used by the payee in only a limited number
            of places.


                evince -p 325 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            314 - letter of deposit

            revocable L/C one that can be cancelled or

            changed. |
            traveller’s L/C a document in the form of a

            letter which a banker gives to a traveller to
            carry with him, introducing him to the banker's
            branches, agents and correspondents abroad,
            directing them to advance money or credit to
            him up to a stated value. Each time a payment
            or an advance is made, it is recorded on the
            back of the L/C, and when the whole amount
            has been paid or advanced, it is sent back to
            the issuing bank. The traveller also carries
            separately a letter of indication, sometimes call-
            ed a letter of identification, which bears a sample
            of his signature and the number of the L/C;
            this he must produce with the L/C itself each
            time he asks for payment of an advance.
            unconfirmed L/C one in which the bank gives
            no promise that it will accept bills drawn upon
            it. Cf. confirmed L/C.
            letter of deposit see memorandum of deposit.
            letter of hypothecation see under hypoth-
            ecate.
            letter of identification see traveller’s L/C
            under letter of credit.
            letter of indemnity see under indemnity.
            letter of indication see traveller’s L/C under
            letter of credit.
            letter of intent a formal letter declaring it to
            be the writer’s firm intention to follow a certain
            stated course of action if or when a particular
            event takes place. The document records what
            is in the writer’s mind at the time of writing
            it; it does not amount to a promise, but shows
            the writer’s willingness to negotiate some
            important deal or arrangement.
            letter of licence com. & FIN. a document rec-
            ording that the creditors of an insolvent debtor
            agree not to press him for payment for a stated
            period, to give him time, e.g. to reorganize his
            business. Cf. deed of arrangement.
            letter of lien BKG. & CoM. a document signed
            by a debtor, giving to his creditor, often a
            bank, power to sell the debtor’s goods held by
            a third party, if the debt is not paid when due.
            letter of regret STK. EXCH. a formal letter from
            the directors of a company to a person who
            has applied for an allotment from a new issue
            of shares, telling him politely ‘with regret’ that
            no shares are being allotted to him.
            letter of renunciation sTK. EXCH. a form, usu.
            printed on the back of a letter of allotment,
            which the allottee can fill in and sign if he
            wishes to renounce (refuse) his claim to the
            shares he has been allotted so that they may
            be allotted to one or more other persons.
            letter post see under post.
            letterpress a method of printing from a raised
            surface such as from type or printing blocks,
            as distinguished from methods which use a flat

            surface as in lithography, or a groove or hollow
            as in intaglio printing.

            letter-punch see punch.

            letters of administration Law in Britain, 4
            document issued by the Probate Court appoint-
            ing a person to be the administrator Of the
            estate of a person who has died. See administra.
            tor (1); administration bond under bond, yn

            letters patent see patent.

            letter stock fund see under mutual fund.

            letting LAW & TAXN. a property that is let, usy
            furnished, to a tenant: Income from Jurnished
            lettings.

            lettuce (collog.) money.

            Levant the countries of the East, but esp. those
            of the eastern Mediterranean Sea, including
            Lebanon and Syria. Adj. Levantine.

            levee a high bank, usu. of earth and stones, buil;
            along a river to prevent flooding.

            level crossing TRANSPT. a place where a road
            and a railway cross on the same level. Syn.
            (U.S.A.) railroad crossing; grade crossing.

            level off sTK. EXCH. of prices, etc., tending to
            become steady, not rising or falling much:
            Interest rates are levelling off after a period of
            rapid rise.

            level of living (U.S.A.) standard of living.

            level tendering see collusive tendering; com-
            mon pricing.

            leverage (1) FIN. the use of borrowed money
            rather than share capital to produce profits,
            €.g. paying for an investment in shares by
            means of a loan for which securities have been
            put up as collateral. An investment is said to
            have a high leverage if a large proportion of
            the company’s assets has been bought with
            borrowed money, i.e. when the company’s debt

            is high compared with the size of its share
            capital. Such a company is at a disadvantage
            because the interest it has to pay on its borrow-
            ings reduces its earnings per share. Syn. gear-
            ing. (2) MAN. a position of advantage over one’s
            competitors, called operational or operating
            leverage, esp. where a company is stronger than
            its competitors in one or more main activities
            such as finance, production processes, market-
            ing ability, and distribution arrangements. The
            term leverage is also used in the currency
            futures markets to express the relation between
            the premium and the Many-times greater
            amount of money the premium controls.
            leveraged currency contracts FIN. an agree-
            ment between a speculating investor and a
            currency dealer, esp. a leveraged currency com-
            pany. The investor pays the dealer a premium
            or down-payment (which he cannot recover)
            and another sum, the investment, which is
            leveraged, i.e. it represents or controls a much
            larger sum of a major foreign currency such as
            Japanese yen. In return, if the rate of exchange
            of this currency moves in a stated direction in


                evince -p 326 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            relation to the U.S. dollar within the next 3 to
            6 months the investor will make a big gain;
            but if he is wrong and the rate of exchange
            does not change or moves the other way, he
            will suffer loss but he cannot lose more than
            the premium he has paid.
            leveraged leasing FIN. & TAXN. an arrangement
            aimed at reducing tax liability. A group of
            banks or other investors buys a large fixed
            asset, e.g. an airliner or plant for a paper mill,
            and leases it to the actual user for rent. The
            lenders (lessors) claim tax deductions for
            depreciation, interest on loans and investment
            allowances, and part of these benefits are pass-
            ed to the user by reducing the rent. The user
            claims the whole of the rent as an expense.
            levy v. TAXN. (1) to introduce by law the payment
            of a tax to the government of a country: To
            levy a tax on motor vehicles. Syn. to impose. (2)
            to collect a tax. (3) Law to seize, take possession
            of property by order of a court of law. See
            distress.
            n. the amount of tax collected. See capital levy;
            betterment levy under betterment.
            capital levy see separate entry.
            import levy under the Common Agricultural
            Policy (C.A.P.) of the E.E.C., the main instru-
            ment for keeping home prices at a level fair to
            the farmer. It is a charge, similar to a customs
            duty, on imports of most farm products into
            the community. It is variable, going up or down
            with the landed cost, and is fixed periodically
            by the C.A.P. authorities at an amount equal
            to the difference between the landed cost and
            the threshold price.
            Ig. large (size).
            liabilities p/. accts. the debts owed by a business
            to its creditors and to its owner(s). See liability;
            balance sheet.
            contingent liabilities see separate entry.
            current liabilities those payable on demand or
            at short notice, or in the near future, such as
            trade creditors (suppliers of goods and mat-
            erials). Syn. short-term liabilities.
            deferred liabilities those which, by arrangement
            with the creditors concerned, do not have to
            be paid for a relatively long time (usu. more
            than one year), such as goods bought on long
            credit, or money borrowed against a mortgage.
            Syn. non-current liabilities; fixed liabilities;
            long-term liabilities.
            external liabilities the debts owed by a company
            to persons or organizations other than its ordi-
            nary and preference shareholders. Thus, sums
            owing to debenture-holders, the Inland Rev-
            enue (for taxes), banks (for loans and over-
            drafts) and trade creditors, are external
            liabilities.
            fixed liabilities see deferred liabilities above.
            7 At liabilities see deferred liabilities
            above.

            liberalization - 315

            non-current liabilities see deferred liabilities
            above.

            liability sing. LAW & FIN. (1) the state of being
            bound by law to settle a debt or to make good
            possible loss or damage. (2) the debt itself,
            or the amount of the loss or damage. Opp.
            exemption; immunity. (3) ACCTS. an amount
            owing by a business or other organization to
            other persons or concerns; debts of all kinds.
            See liabilities, p/. Cf. asset. (4) MAN. a person
            or thing bringing loss rather than gain: An
            inefficient manager can be a liability to his
            employers.
            double liability (U.S.A.) the liability that stock-
            holders of some U.S.A. banks formerly had to
            suffer, of risking up to double the amount of
            their stockholding in the bank if it went into
            liquidation.
            employer’s liability that covered by an
            employer’s liability policy. See under insurance
            policy.
            limited liability see limited liability company
            under company.
            product liability under consumer protection
            laws, the liability of manufacturers and traders
            to pay claims made against them for damages
            caused by faults in their products. See also
            public liability policy and professional indem-
            nity policy, both under insurance policy.
            single liability (U.S.A.) limited liability, by
            which members of a corporation (company)
            are liable to lose only the amount they have
            invested in it. Cf. double liability.
            strict liability see separate entry.
            unlimited liability the liability of a private
            owner of a business, or of a member of a
            partnership or a company that is not registered
            as a limited liability company.

            liability insurance see under insurance, classes
            and kinds of.

            liable LAW & FIN. (with for) responsible; legally
            bound to pay: A husband is liable for his wife’s
            debts. (With to) tending to attract or suffer
            from, or to do, something that is not desired:
            Capital gains are liable to tax. He is liable to act
            without authority.

            liberalism ECON. THEORY the belief of many
            economists in the eighteenth and nineteenth
            centuries that the driving force of economic
            life is self-interest: that competition and the
            price mechanism in a free market are the
            best means of obtaining economic growth and
            social progress and that the State should help
            this activity by not interfering except to operate
            essential services that need collective support.

            liberalization (1) of trade, the act of a govern-
            ment in putting an end to controls over imports
            and exports. (2) of finance, the removal by a
            government of controls over credit and interest
            rates, rates of exchange and the powers of



                evince -p 327 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            316 - LIBOR
            banks to lend and borrow money wherever
            they wish.
            Li BOR London Inter-Bank Offered Rate.

            licence 7. LAW (1) formal permission in writing,
            from an authority recognized by law, to per
            form an act which, without that permission,
            would be unlawful: An import/export/driving/
            building licence. Syn. permit. (2) authority given
            by an owner to enter or use his property or to

            exercise some right, such as to cross his land
            or to fish in his river, acts which would be
            wrongful without his licence. (3) permission
            given by the owner of a copyright to reproduce
            an article, such as a book or work of art; or by
            the owner of a patent, to use a process or to
            produce an article under licence. Also (U.S.A.)
            license. Note that the verb license is spelled
            with an s.
            export licence see separate entry.
            import licence see separate entry.
            open general licence see separate entry.
            licence, letter of see letter of licence.
            license v. LAW to give formal permission to
            someone to do something, to grant (give) a
            licence. See licence n. Also (U.S.A.) licence.
            licensed victualler com. a person who holds a
            licence to sell strong drink, usu. the landlord
            of an inn or public house, or the manager of a
            restaurant.
            licensee n. (1) CoM. in Britain, a person to whom
            a licence has been issued, esp. the owner or
            manager of an inn or public house. (2) LAW a
            person to whom permission has been given,
            esp. to enter and use premises. Such a person
            has a good answer to a charge of trespass
            (wrongful entry into premises) if he can show
            that he has the owner’s permission, known
            legally as ‘leave and licence’.
            licensing hours LAW & Com. in Britain, the
            hours during which a licensed innkeeper or
            other licensee is allowed to sell strong drink.
            licensor LAW a person granting a licence.
            lien LAW strictly, a bond or tie. In practice, a
            legal claim; the right to hold anything as secur-
            ity until the claim of the holder has been
            satisfied; e.g. a letter of hypothecation gives
            the buyer of a bill of exchange a lien on the
            goods against which the bill is drawn until the
            bill has been paid. A lien is usu. lost when
            possession of the property held is given up.
            banker’s lien a form of general lien, giving a
            banker the right to hold all property belonging
            to his customer that comes into the banker’s
            possession in the course of banking business,
            unless that property is related to a contract
            that Clearly shows that it is not subject to a
            lien, such as securities left with the banker to
            sell through a stockbroker, or articles left with
            the banker for safe custody.
            broker’s lien see :
            separate entry.
            carrier’s lien see separate entry.


            charging lien the right of a creditor to Charge
            with the payment of the debt property belong.
            ing to a debtor but held by another person. See
            charging order.
            equitable lien a right to keep someone else’s
            property to meet a loss or expense, such as
            trust property kept by a trustee to Pay his
            expenses in managing the trust. Cf. Possessory
            lien.
            factor’s lien the right of a factoring agent t,
            hold goods belonging to his principal untij
            the principal has paid him his commission oy
            factorage. Si sas
            general lien a form of possessory lien giving a
            creditor the right to hold a debtor’s property
            as security for all debts resulting from the
            same kind of deal between the parties. Thus, a
            shipowner may hold any cargo” belonging to
            the same cargo-owner until all freight and other
            costs have been paid; and a solicitor may hold
            any or all papers belonging to a client until all
            his fees have been paid. Cf. particular lien.
            innkeeper’s lien the right of an innkeeper under
            common law to hold the baggage of a customer
            as security for payment for goods supplied and
            services performed.
            maritime lien any lien that results from a con-
            tract for the carriage of goods by sea, or from
            loss or damage caused by collision, etc. Persons
            who may have a lien on a ship or its cargo are:
            members of the crew for unpaid wages; holders
            of a bottomry bond; owners of another ship or
            of other property damaged or lost in a collision.
            The lien may be either a possessory or a charg-
            ing lien.
            mechanic’s lien esp. in U.S.A., the right of
            labourers and others who in addition to their
            work also supply materials, to hold the property
            on which they have been working until all
            payments due to them have been paid. A form
            of particular lien.
            particular lien a form of possessory lien giving
            a creditor the right to hold a debtor’s property
            as security only for one particular debt, such
            as the right of a garage-owner to hold a custom-
            er’s car until repairs done have been paid for.
            Cf. general lien. Syn. mechanic’s lien.
            possessory lien the right of a creditor to keep
            property belonging to a debtor until payment
            of a debt is made. Cf. equitable lien. A possess-
            — lien may be a particular lien or a general
            len,
            salvor’s lien see under salvor.

            seaman’s lien the right of a seaman to hold a
            ship for non-payment of wages.

            Shipowner’s lien see carrier’s lien.

            solicitor’s lien see separate entry.

            tax lien the right of a government to seize and
            sell property to obtain payment of overdue
            taxes.

            vendor’s lien the right of a vendor (seller) to



                evince -p 328 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            hold the property sold so long as the price

            remains unpaid. Syn. seller's lien.

            warehouse-keeper’s lien see warehouse-keeper.
            liene@ LAW a person who owns property on

            which another person has a lien. Cf. lienor.
            lien, letter of see letter of lien. )

            lien on shares STK. EXCH. & LAW the right that
            most companies have, under their Articles of
            Association, to take possession of and to sell
            the shares of any of its members (shareholders)
            who owe the company money, up to the amount
            owed.

            lienor LAW a person who has a lien on somebody
            else’s property. Cf. lienee.

            life annuity see under insurance policy.

            life assurance or insurance see life insurance
            under insurance, classes and kinds of.

            Life Assurance and Unit Trust Regulatory
            Organization § see under self-regulatory
            organization. Abbr. L.A.U.T.R.O.

            life assured or insured INscE. (1) in life
            insurance, the person on whose life the
            insurance contract has been made, and on
            whose death the sum assured becomes payable
            by the insurer. (2) the person named in an
            endowment policy whose life continues after a
            fixed date on which payment is due to be made,
            or instalments are due to begin, under the
            policy.

            lifeboat BKG., COMMOD. & STK. EXCH. a fund set
            up to save brokers and traders who get into
            financial difficulty, e.g. when commodity or
            share prices fall very low. Such funds are usu.
            financed by creditor banks and managed by a
            stock or commodity exchange.

            life cycle see product life cycle.

            life-cycle costing ACCTS. & IND. a method of
            calculating the true cost of a piece of equip-
            ment, €.g. a machine, by taking its total cost,
            including the expected ‘cost of repairs and
            maintenance, over the whole of its probable
            life. This method shows that more reliable
            equipment needing less repair and mainten-
            ance may be cheaper in the long run. Abbr.
            L.G.G:

            life estate see under estate (1).

            life expectancy INSCE. the average age to which
            a class or group of persons will live. The figure
            varies for different classes and groups, being
            influenced by the kind of work done, the stan-
            dard of living and esp. of feeding, their sex,
            and the qualities handed down from parents
            to children. Cf. expectation of life.

            life fund INsce. a fund (stock of money) set
            aside by an insurance company or society to
            meet future claims of policy holders. The
            money is invested in a wide range of fixed-
            interest and equity securities and in property.
            Also life and annuity fund.

            life income see under income.

            lighterage - 317

            life insurance see under insurance, classes and
            kinds of.

            life insured see life assured.

            life interest LAW an interest in land and build-
            ings but only for the life of the owner, esp. a
            right to receive an income from property for
            life; the property passes, on death, to other
            persons,

            lifeless sTK EXCH. of market prices, lacking any
            change, there being very few buyers and sellers,
            and little or no business being done.

            life office INSCE. an insurance company or
            society that insures lives. In Britain, most life
            insurance companies belong to the Life Offices’
            Association. Cf. fire office. |

            lifestyle ADVTG. a branch of psychographics
            now widely used in marketing to divide or
            segment markets according to common values
            shared by different sub-groups of the markets.
            Examples of lifestyle segments are achievers,
            belongers and emulators, and it is widely
            accepted that each segment has different needs,
            to which marketers may address their products.
            See psychographics. ;

            life tables INSCE. tables prepared from statistics
            on the age at death of a large number of persons
            of different occupations in different places,
            which show the expectation of life at various
            ages and on which the price of an annuity
            largely depends. Syn. mortality tables.

            life tenant LAw the owner of a life estate. See
            life interest; tenant for life.

            LIFFE London International Financial Futures
            Exchange.

            L.1.F.O. last in, first out.

            lift an apparatus for carrying people or goods
            upwards or downwards from one floor of a
            building to another. See heavy lift. Syn.
            (U.S.A.) elevator. Cf. escalator: hoist.

            lift-van see container.

            ligan see lagan.

            light adj. (1) SHIPG. & TRANSPT. unloaded, empty
            of cargo or goods: The ship/ lorry/aircraft was
            travelling light. Light draught, the draught of a
            ship when unloaded. (2) sTK. EXCH. of market
            conditions, little business being done: Trading
            was light at 9 million shares, only 9 million
            shares were bought and sold that day. (3) Com.
            less than the proper measure: Some traders give
            light weight.

            light-dues sHIPG. money collected from masters
            of ships entering a port, and used for keeping
            lighthouses, buoys, light-vessels, marks and
            beacons on the coast and in harbours in good
            repair. In Britain, this work is done by Trinity
            House.

            lighter sHiPG. a flat-bottomed open boat, usually
            without engines, used to Carry cargoes over
            short distances, esp. between ships and the
            shore. Syn. barge. Abbr. ltr.

            lighterage sHiPG. (1) the cost of hiring lighters


                evince -p 329 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            318 - lighterman

            or barges. (2) the charge made for carrying
            goods by lighter or barge. sit
            lighterman SHIPG. a person who owns, or 1s In
            charge of, a lighter. A licensed lighterman is
            one who has signed a document promising that
            goods released from a bonded warehouse for
            re-export are properly guarded and are deli-
            vered as directed in a bond warrant.
            lighthouse sHIPG. a tower built on a rock or
            headland or at the entrance to a harbour,
            showing a bright light at night to guide ships.
            Lighthouses usu. also have a foghorn which is
            sounded in misty weather, and some make
            radio or radar signals to warn ships of danger.
            light industry see under industry.
            lightning strike see under strike.

            lightship see light-vessel.

            light-vessel sHIPG. a floating lighthouse; a
            small ship permanently anchored near a rock
            or sandbank, showing a bright light to guide |
            ships. Syn. lightship. |

            lightweight tonnage see under tonnage.

            Limey n. (U.S.A. collog.) (1) a British ship or |
            sailor. (2) a Britisher. |
            adj. British.

            limit (1) STK. EXCH. an order by a client to a
            stockbroker to buy securities below a stated
            highest price, or to sell above a stated lowest |
            price. Such an order is called a limited order or |
            limit order. Cf. market order. (2) COM. & FIN. |
            To go to the limit, to risk all one’s money on a
            business venture. |

            limitation LAw (1) the placing of a limit to the |
            amount payable by a contractor for loss or
            damage, e.g. by a carrier of passengers and
            goods. (2) certain periods allowed by law for
            action to be taken in the civil courts to enforce
            (give force to) a legal right; beyond these pe-
            riods the right of action in the courts becomes
            barred by limitation or statute-barred or time-
            barred. In Britain, the periods during which
            action must be begun are: /2 years for damages
            for breach of specialty contracts, for regaining
            possession of land and personal property, for
            obtaining payment of mortgages on land, and
            claims against personal estates of dead persons;

            6 years for damages for simple breach of con-
            tract and in tort (breach of duty); 3 years
            for damages for personal injuries; / year for
            obtaining payment of moneylenders’ loans and
            interest. See unenforceable contract under con-
            tract. (3) dividend limitation, see separate entry.
            Limited (Ltd.) LAW & STK. EXCH. in Britain, the
            word that must by law be placed as the last
            word of the name of a limited liability com-
            pany. The abbreviations Lid. or Ld. may also
            be used. It means that the liability of each of
            its members (its shareholders) is limited. See |
            limited liability company under company. It is
            illegal for any person or company other than a
            limited liability company to include the word

            if

            -
            cee

            Limited or the abbreviations Lid. or Ld. in the (
            name. See also reduction of capital. (A public | (t
            limited company must by law place these word,
            or the abbr. p.l.c. after its name. See under |=
            company.) The U.S.A. equivalent is Incorpor- ji!
            ated. Abbr. Inc.; the French, Société Anonyme. :
            Abbr. S.A.; the W. German, Gesellschaft mj, ‘|!
            beschrankter Haftung. Abbr. G.m.b.H.; the |
            Italian Societa a responsabilita limitata. Abby
            S.a.r.l. or S.r.1.
            Limited (U.S.A.) TRANSPT. & TOUR. a fast, very
            comfortable train or motor coach that stops at
            only a limited number of places and carries
            only a limited number of passengers.
            Limited and Reduced see reduction of capita].
            limited carrier see under carrier.
            limited cheque see under cheque.
            limited company see limited liability company
            under company.
            limited legal tender see legal tender.
            limited letter of credit see under letter of
            credit.
            limited liability company see under company.
            limited life trust FIN. an investment trust com-
            pany which the members can, if they so decide,
            cause to be wound up after a stated time, the
            assets then being divided among themselves.
            limited market see under market. |
            limited order see limit (1).
            limited partner see limited partnership under
            partnership.
            limited partnership see under partnership.
            limousine TRANSPT. & TOUR. a large and very |
            comfortable motor car, esp. one with a sheet of
            glass separating the driver from the passengers. |
            .incs. Lincolnshire, England. |
            ine (1) a particular kind of business or work: !
            What line are you in? I am in the export/banking|
            grocery/bricklaying line. This job is not my line,
            does not suit me. (2) COM. a particular class or
            kind of article or commodity dealt in by a |
            business: Carbon paper is one of our best-selling |
            lines. We have a new line in men’s hats, a new |
            kind of hat. (3) comp. Line or on-line computer,
            one connected to the telephone system and thus
            able to serve a number of separate businesses
            which operate it by telephone. (4) sHIPG. see
            liner. (5) STK. EXCH. a large quantity of one
            particular security being either bought or sold
            by a single investor, usu. an institution. Deal-
            ings in a line are usu. arranged to take place
            over a length of time to avoid seriously disturb-
            ing the market price.

            ine, The (collog.) a popular name among sea-
            men for the equator, esp. in the expression:
            Crossing the Line.

            ineage ADVTG. a charge made by newspapers
            for advertisements, based on an amount of

            money for each line or space taken up. Also
            linage. Cf. column inch.


                evince -p 330 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            line and staff management see under man-
            agement. ;
            ieee measure measurement of length, in one
            direction only. Syn. long measure. See table on

            542.
            ae assembly see assembly line under

            mbly.
            ie aetaceten IND. the addition of new prod-
            ucts to an existing brand name’s line, in order
            to capitalize on the brand loyalty which exists,
            e.g. the manufacturer of a brand of chocolate
            might market toffee under the same brand
            name as a line extension.
            line filling IND. the addition of new brands to an
            existing product line in order to stop possible
            competitors, e.g. by using nearly all of the
            industry distribution system. This strategy was
            first practised by Procter & Gamble in the
            U.S.A. who sold many slightly different brands
            of detergent. Syn. multibranding.
            line manager see line and staff management
            under management.
            line of command MAN. a system of manage-
            ment by which orders and directions are passed
            down from one manager to the next below him
            in the line to the lowest manager. Syn. chain
            of command; span of control. See line and staff
            management under management.
            liner SHIPG. a ship that makes regular voyages,
            on dates made known in advance, between
            certain ports, as opposed to a tramp that keeps
            to no regular route or timetable.
            liner bill of lading see berth bill of lading under
            | bill of lading.
            liner rates see berth rates.
            lingua franca any common language widely
            used among groups of people of different lan-
            guages, such as: English and Hindi in India;
            Swahili in East Africa; French and English
            among diplomats (persons representing
            governments in foreign affairs). See also pidgin.
            linked industry see under industry.
            Linotype a machine with a keyboard, used by
            printers for the rapid composing (putting to-
            gether) and casting of metal type, one line at
            a time, each line being produced in the form
            of a bar called a slug. Cf. Monotype.
            L.I.P. life insurance policy.
            liquid FIN. existing in the form of cash, or easily
            and quickly turned into cash: Liquid assets,
            assets that are easily sold.
            liquid asset fund see under mutual fund.
            liquid assets see under assets.
            liquidate FIN. & ACCTS. (1) to pay off (a debt): J
            | have liquidated all my debts. To settle: The
            company has liquidated all claims made against
            it. (2) to sell for cash: To liquidate one’s property
            and investments, e.g. before emigrating. Syn.
            realize. (3) to go into liquidation. Syn. be

            wound up. (4) to put into liquidation. Syn. to
            wind up.
            -

            7 5 — eee eee
            liquidity ratio - 319

            liquidated damages see under damages, n. pl.

            liquidation FIN. & ACCTS. the act or process
            of ending the existence of a company. See
            winding-up. A company is said to be in liqui-
            dation when a liquidator has been appointed
            to wind it up. A person unable to pay his debts
            can be made bankrupt but a company cannot;
            instead it can be put into liquidation, i.e. its
            assets will be realized (sold for cash) and the
            money used for settling its liabilities (debts).

            liquidator LAW, FIN. & ACCTS. a person ap-
            pointed to wind up (bring to an end the exist-
            ence of) a company. See winding-up. A liqui-
            dator is appointed by a court in a compulsory
            winding-up, by the members (shareholders) of
            a company in a members’ voluntary winding-
            up, and by the creditors in a creditors’ volun-
            tary winding-up. His duties are: to obtain pos-
            session of all the company’s assets and to sell
            them for cash at the best price he can get; to
            share out this money between the creditors of
            the company according to the law; and if
            any money remains, to divide it among the
            members of the company as repayment of
            capital.

            liquid capital see working capital under capital.

            liquidity FIN. (1) the quality of being liquid, esp.
            of assets. (2) of a company or other business,
            the cash and those liquid assets that are left
            after meeting current liabilities. (3) the degree
            to which a business has ready cash or can find
            it by quickly selling its assets. Its liquidity is
            said to be high if its liquid assets form a large
            proportion of its total assets.

            liquidity, international FIN. the valuable qual-
            ity possessed by gold and the currencies of a
            few countries, such as the U.S. dollar and the
            pound sterling, of being always accepted by
            businessmen and easily obtained in all parts of
            the world for settling international debts. See
            international currency under currency.

            liquidity preference ECON. THEORY the desire
            of the public to hold money in the form of cash
            or current bank accounts, as a means of short-
            term hoarding. It is the demand for money to
            hold, not to spend or to lend, and it expresses
            the preference of the public for liquidity, i.e.
            money immediately ready to be spent or
            invested. J.M. Keynes argued that an increase
            in liquidity preference must lead toa temporary
            fall in demand for goods and services, and that
            this would cause producers to produce less and
            to employ fewer people. See hoarding.

            liquidity ratio BKG. the relation between a
            bank’s total liquid assets, i.e. cash and pos-
            sessions which can be quickly turned into cash,
            and its total deposit liabilities, i.e. the amount
            it owes to its customers, esp. on current and
            deposit accounts. Bankers usu. aim to keep the
            proportion of liquid assets at about 30% of total


                evince -p 331 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            320 - liquid measure

            deposit liabilities. Cf. advances ratio; cash
            ratio.
            liquid measure a measure O
            substances. Cf. corn and dry measure.
            on page 545. .
            liquid ratio test see acid test ratio.
            LISP comP. a programming language -
            processing data that is non-numeric, 1.€. does
            not contain numbers, in which the programs
            are expressed as lists. (LISP is a short form of
            list processing.)
            list n. (1) COM. a document, written, typed or
            printed, that records information such as
            names, articles, ships, etc. in a desired order.
            black list see separate entry.
            Lloyd’s List see Lloyd’s List and Shipping
            Gazette.
            Official List see Stock Exchange Daily Official
            List.
            passenger list a list of all persons carried as
            passengers on a ship or plane.
            price-list a printed list showing the retail prices
            fixed or recommended (a) by a manufacturer
            or wholesaler as a guide to retailers or (5) by a
            retailer as a guide to his customers among the
            public. See list price under price.
            stock list a list of all the different kinds of
            articles stocked by a business at any time
            during the accounting year, for use by
            employees when stocktaking, and later by the
            managers when making the stock valuation.
            (2) SHIPG. one of several documents that are
            part of a ship’s papers, such as a cargo list, crew
            list, passenger list.
            sailings list a list issued by a shipping line
            giving future dates of arrival and sailing of
            their ships at and from various ports. See also
            Lloyd’s List and Shipping Gazette; Lloyd’s
            Loading List; sailing card.
            (3) STK. EXCH. see Stock Exchange Daily
            Official List.
            v. (1) SHIPG. of a ship, to lean to one side,
            because the cargo has shifted (moved) or the
            ship is taking in water on one side. N. A list to
            port/starboard. (2) STK. EXCH. (of a company)
            to be newly added to a Stock Exchange Official
            List of shares traded on the exchange.
            listed company STK. EXCH. a company whose
            shares have been listed by the Stock Exchange.
            See listed securities.
            listed securities STK. EXCH. securities that have
            been admitted (accepted) by the Quotations
            Committee of the Stock Exchange and, after
            close examination of the company’s financial
            position and reputation, have been included in
            the Official List of securities dealt in by mem-
            bers of the Stock Exchange. Syn. quoted secu-
            rities ; (U.S.A.) on-board security. Cf. unlisted
            securities.
            listing FIN. & STK. EXCH. the state of being
            included in a list, esp. of companies whose

            f volume for liquid
            See table

            used in

            shares are traded either on the Stock Exc
            or in the Unlisted Securities Market.
            a listing, (of a company) to have
            approved for trading.
            listless STK. EXCH. of market conditions, lackin
            activity, with nobody showing any interest a
            buying securities: A listless session left most
            prices unchanged at the close. o
            list price see under price.
            literature see sales literature.
            litho lithography.
            lithographer IND. a printer using the offse
            lithographic method of printing, sometimes
            called photolitho offset. See lithography.
            lithography IND. originally a method of printing
            from a flat piece of stone, using the natura!
            tendency for grease and water not to mix. Later
            the stone was replaced by a metal plate. The
            system of direct lithography, by which the paper
            receives the ink direct from the plate, has been
            replaced by offset lithography, by which the ink
            is first printed on a rubber surface and then
            ‘offset’ on to the paper. Syn. photolitho offset.
            Abbr. litho; offset litho.
            litigant LAW a person who is a party in a civil
            action before a court of law.
            litigate LAW to be concerned in, to carry on, a
            lawsuit, either as plaintiff or as defendant in a
            civil court of law.
            litigation LAW a lawsuit; the action of litigating.
            litigious LAW tending to litigate excessively ; too
            ready to bring a lawsuit in the courts.
            litre a metric unit of volume, one cubic decimetre
            (dm?) or 1000 cubic centimetres (cm?). 1 U.K.
            gallon = 4.546 litres; 1 U.S. gallon = 3.785
            litres. See liquid measure table on page 545.
            ‘Little Neddies’ see National Economic Devel-
            opment Council.
            live in to live in the building or place in which
            one is employed: The cleaner is required to live
            in, must live in the accommodation provided
            by his or her employers at the place of work.
            Cf. live out.
            livelihood a way of earning money to pay for
            the necessities of life: He makes a livelihood as
            a builder. Cf. living (1).
            lively STK. EXCH. of market conditions, full of
            life and action, with many buyers and sellers
            and much business being done.
            live out to live in a place away from where one
            works. Cf. live in.
            livery com. the business of running a stable in
            which horses are kept and fed or are hired out.
            livery stable the building in which a livery
            business is run.
            livery company see under company.
            liveryman (1) a person who owns, or is
            employed in, a livery stable. (2) a member of
            a livery company in the City of London. See
            livery company under company.
            livestock aGRr. live animals kept for profit, such

            hange
            shares newly


            a

            ———— ee
            ne nel eet

            a
            alg a a
            — — eet _

            ee

                evince -p 332 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            as cattle, sheep, horses and other farm animals.

            - dead stock. Syn. stock. :
            - weight AGR. the weight of a live farm

            ce

            nel (1) the money needed to pay for the
            necessities of life: To earn/get/make a living:
            One makes a bare living by writing books, one
            makes just enough to live. A living wage, enough
            money to support oneself and one’s family,
            but at a low standard. Cf. livelihood. (2) the
            position and pay of a parish priest in the
            Church of England. Syn. benefice.

            living, cost of see cost of living.

            living debt see productive debt under national
            debt.

            living standard see standard of living.

            ikge. leakage.

            Lids. Lloyd’s.

            Lloyd’s agent MAR. INSCE. a person appointed
            to manage the business of the members of the
            Corporation of Lloyd’s. A Lloyd’s agent is
            stationed in every important port in the world.
            He keeps Lloyd’s informed of shipping move-
            ments, accidents, etc., arranges for surveys of
            damage to ships and cargoes, deals with the
            settling of marine insurance claims, and helps
            masters of ships when in trouble.

            Lloyd’s associates INSCE. persons such as law-
            yers, accountants, assessors who, although not
            directly working in insurance, need to visit
            underwriters in the Underwriting Room and
            are made associate members of Lloyd’s for this
            purpose.

            Lioyd’s broker see under broker.

            Lloyd’s List and Shipping Gazette INSCE. a
            daily newspaper published by the Corporation
            of Lloyd’s giving news of movements of ships
            and aircraft and information about accidents,
            etc. of interest to the insurance world.

            Lloyd’s Loading List sHiIPG. a weekly paper
            published by Lloyd’s in London, listing ships
            that are, or soon will be, loading cargoes at
            British and continental ports, stating the ports
            to which each ship is going and the closing
            date for loading cargo. This list is useful to
            exporters.

            Lloyd’s names INSCE. the many investors who
            are members of Llioyd’s syndicates but who
            take no active part in the underwriting business
            other than to provide the funds for it. The
            insurance risks are thus spread among them,
            and in return they share the profits or losses of
            the syndicate. See Lloyd’s of London.

            Lloyd’s of London InsceE. a leading inter-
            national insurance market. It began in 1689
            when shipowners, mariners and merchants met
            at Mr Edward Lloyd’s coffee-house in the City
            of London to arrange insurances. In 1774 the
            insurers formed a body which, in 1871 by Act
            of Parliament, became the present Corporation
            of Lloyd’s, ruled by a Committee and often

            Liloyd’s underwriter - 321

            called Lloyd’s of London. This is an association
            of underwriters (insurers) and insurance bro-
            kers interested in both marine and non-marine
            risks. Lloyd’s itself does no trading but acts as
            a governing body, making rules for its members
            and providing arrangements to help them in
            business. All trading is done by the members, |
            working either singly or in groups called syndi-
            cates, and together forming a highly competi-
            tive market. See Lloyd’s broker under broker;
            casualty report service; Lloyd’s underwriter ;
            Lloyd’s associates. Abbr. Lids.

            -loyd’s policy INSCE. a policy issued by Lloyd’s

            underwriters, who still use an eighteenth-cen-
            tury form of wording. Lloyd's policies differ
            from company policies in several ways, esp. 1n
            the fact that they provide for disagreements to
            be settled by judgment in a court of law instead
            of by arbitration.
            Lloyd’s Policy Signing Office also known as The
            Bureau, an office set up and authorized by the
            Committee of Lloyd’s to prepare and sign for
            the underwriters all Lloyd’s policies. Abbr.
            L.P.S.O.

            Lloyd’s Register of British and Foreign
            Shipping sHIPG. a book published annually
            containing details of all ships classed by Lloyd’s
            Register of Shipping and, so far as possible, of
            all other ocean-going ships over 100 tons in the
            world. Syn. Lloyd’s Register Book; the Book.

            Lloyd’s Register of Shipping IND. SHIPG.
            & MAR. INSCE. the world’s oldest and leading
            classification society, being an association
            dating from 1760 of shipowners, shipbuilders,
            marine engineers, merchants, underwriters,
            etc., for the main purpose of setting and keep-
            ing up standards for the building, operating
            and repair of ships; and of surveying and
            classifying them according to the degree of
            safety of their hulls, engines and apparatus.
            The society also provides a service that gives
            technical advice and help. Abbr. L.R.

            Lloyd’s Room Mak. INSCE. also known as The
            Room, a hall at Lloyd’s in the City of London,
            where Lloyd’s underwriters meet marine
            insurance brokers and shipbrokers to do busi-
            ness.

            Lioyd’s surveyor SHIPG. & IND. one of a number
            of highly-qualified engineers employed by
            Lloyd’s Register of Shipping who watch over
            the building and repair of ships, examine and
            report to the underwriters on the state of a
            vessel and on the extent of any damage to
            it. Lloyd’s surveyors also provide services to
            industry, esp. quality assurance, safety, and
            risk analysis.

            Lioyd’s underwriter INSCE. an insurer who is
            a member of the Corporation of Lloyd’s. He is
            so called because his name is written under the
            insurance policy as a party to the contract.
            Lloyd’s underwriters deal with the public only



                evince -p 333 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            322 - Lloyd’s Weekly Casualty Re

            ward by

            e
            through Lloyd’s brokers, whom they © naldsby

            paying conimussice - = premiums
            ‘ . vee SyYNnaic “
            ‘eae Weekly Casualty Reports see cast
            rt service.
            Mee condos Metal Exchange.
            L.N.G. liquefied agra ee.
            ife Offices’ Association. :
            er) tanee & SHIPG. an amount, often a
            weight, of goods that is, or can be, carried: A
            cart-load, lorry-load, train-load, plane-load, ship-
            load; or of human beings: A car-load, bus-load.
            See also payload. Abbr. Ids. pl.
            return load a load arranged for a lorry or plane
            to bring back after delivering another load, in
            order to avoid its having to travel empty. Syn.
            back load.
            unit load a load of goods packed for handling
            as a single unit, such as a container, a lift-van,
            a pallet.
            work load the amount of work which a person
            or organization has to do, or is responsible for
            getting done.
            (2) AGR. a measure of corn, see corn and dry
            measure table on page 544. Also of hay, 36
            trusses; of timber, 40 cu. ft. rough, 50 cu. ft.
            sawn; of earth, 27 cu. ft. or 1 cu. yd. (3) FIN.
            see load fund under mutual fund. (4) COMP. to
            cause a program or data to be entered into the
            memory of a computer.
            load draught see under draught.
            loaded (1) TRANSPT. & SHIPG. carrying a load:
            loaded weight, weight when fully loaded. Syn.
            laden weight. (2) FIN. (collog.) of a person, very
            rich.
            loaded price see under price.
            loader (1) SHIPG. a ship that is taking aboard a
            load of cargo or passengers: A Pacific loader, a
            ship loading cargo for Pacific ports. (2) a person
            employed to handle loads. See also low-loader.
            load factor (1) TRANSPT. the percentage of all
            seats or berths in a vehicle that are actually
            used by fare-paying passengers. (2) IND. see
            capacity (1).
            load fund see under mutual fund.
            loading INSCE. an extra amount added to a basic
            amount such as a life insurance premium, to
            cover management expenses. Abbr. ldg.
            load-line sHIPG. a set of markings painted on
            both sides of a cargo ship half-way along its
            length, showing the limit to which the vessel
            may safely be allowed to settle in the water
            when loaded. Several horizontal lines, each
            marked with letters, apply according to the
            kind of water in which the ship is floating: TF
            = tropical fresh; F = fresh; T = tropical
            (sea); S = summer (sea); W = winter (sea):
            ‘stip eas North Atlantic. Syn. Plimsoll
            0 , International load-line; load-water-

            load-shedding np. Stopping the electricity

            ———— 4

            ports

            1y for a short period in certain areas b

            ei a order to relieve an excess demand on

            | ions.
            poses it cd expecially money ; to make a loan
            oe the act of lending, esp. on condition
            eae he thing lent will be returned. (2) FIN.
            something lent, esp. money, on condition that
            interest will be paid at an agree pm ane at
            the amount lent will be repaid at an agreeq

            in an : d manner.
            time or in an agree :
            back-to-back loan see under back-to-back.

            where the repayment :

            balloon loan BKG. 4 sim cada oe 2 |
            are unevenly distribute

            the loan; the larger repayments are known as
            the ‘balloons’.

            hank loan see separate entry. |
            bottomry loan see bottomry.

            bridging loan see separate entry. : |
            bullet loan BKG. a loan where the len i |
            only interest during the life of the ate andthen —
            repays all the principal as the fina repayment,
            which us known as the ‘bullet’.

            call loan see call money.

            collateral loan see separate entry.

            consumption loan (U.S.A.) a personal loan.
            day-to-day loan see day-to-day accommodation.
            dead loan see separate entry.

            fiduciary loan see separate entry.

            flat loan a loan on mortgage of property on
            which only interest is paid during the period

            of the loan, the amount borrowed being repaid

            at the end of the period either in cash or by
            arranging another loan. Cf. table loan. Syn.
            flat mortgage.

            hard loan PUB. FIN. a loan by one country to
            another on condition that the borrower repays

            it in the lender’s currency. Cf. soft loan below.
            home loan see under home.
            insurance policy loan INSCE. a loan given by an
            insurance company against regular payments
            of interest at a fixed rate and upon the security
            of the cash value (called the surrender value) of
            whole life or endowment policies. The amount
            borrowed is repaid either at the end of the
            period of the loan or out of the proceeds of the
            policy when it ends.
            interest-only loan FIN. in Britain, a loan on the
            security of a house made usu. by a building
            society to a retired person who pays only the
            interest, leaving the principal to be repaid
            ae the owner sells the house or when he

            1€s.
            local loan Pus. FIN. in Britain, a loan issued by
            a local government authority to pay for capital
            expenditure.
            mortgage loan see local authority loans.
            personal loan BKG. money lent by a bank to a
            private person for the purpose of personal
            expenditure, such as payment of household
            bills or for buying consumption goods such as
            a motor car, boat, furniture, etc. Such loans


                evince -p 334 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            oo i} §

            ‘nstalments in less than

            su. repayable by ins , a itian

            as seat aa are often made without security ;

            He <a of interest is therefore high. Syn.
            ) consumption loan. .

            ean one made to a member of the public

            “ other ordinary borrower. Cf. wholesale loan

            ae loan (1) BKG. a bank loan that can be
            | renewed after a certain minimum length of

            time. (2) FIN. a new government loan that a
            buyer can pay for by using the amount he holds
            in an old loan. |
            secured loan a loan against which certain assets
            have been handed by the borrower to the lender
            as security for the repayment of the loan and
            interest. Cf. fiduciary loan.
            soft loan PUB. FIN. a loan made by one country
            to another on condition that it may be repaid
            in the borrower’s currency. Cf. hard loan above.
            syndicated loan BKG. a medium-term loan at a
            rate based on LIBOR, the London Inter-Bank
            Offered Rate, made by a syndicate (group) of
            international banks using money borrowed in
            the short-term inter-bank market.
            table loan FIN. a loan on mortgage of property
            which is repaid by regular monthly instalments
            each consisting partly of interest and partly of

            ~some of the amount borrowed. Thus at the end
            of the period of the loan all the interest and
            the whole of the amount borrowed will have
            been paid off. The name relates to the table
            issued by building societies stating the amount
            of the monthly payments at various rates of
            interest and for various periods of loan. Cf. flat
            loan. Syn. table mortgage.
            term loan BKG. a bank loan repayable by an
            agreed number of instalments.
            time loan BKG. a bank loan repayable after a
            stated time.
            unsecured loan a loan made without any secu-
            rity, 1.e. a fiduciary loan.
            wholesale loan FIN. one made as part of a
            money-market deal, e.g. to buy commercial
            bills or government bonds.

            loanable see investible.

            loan account BKG. see bank loan.

            loanback INSCE. an arrangement by which a life
            assurance company that runs a pension scheme
            will advance a loan to a member of the scheme
            at commercial interest rates, usu. to buy a
            house. In some cases, called a multiple loan
            facility, the size of the loan is a multiple of the
            amount that the member agrees to pay annually
            into the pension scheme.

            loan capital see under capital.

            loan club FIN. a private club whose members,
            usu. low-paid workers in a factory or office,
            pay regular amounts into a fund from which
            short-term interest-bearing loans are made to
            members who request them during the year
            Fines are charged for late re ical

            payment, and

            localization of industry ° 323

            interest is paid to members who deposit money
            with the club. On a certain date each year, usu.
            just before Christmas (25 December), the entire
            fund is shared out among the members. Syn.
            slate club; loan society. |

            loan market FIN. (1) that part of the capital
            market that is concerned with the provision of
            medium-term and long-term loans to govern
            ments, commercial houses and industrial com-
            panies. (2) the money market for very short-
            term loans.

            loan note see loan stock under stock.

            loan office FIN. (1) an office where members of
            the public may pay money for government
            loans. (2) a moneylender’s or pawnbroker's

            office.

            joan shark a usurer.

            loan stock see under stock.

            loan value see surrender value under surrender.

            |.O.B. Location of Offices Bureau.

            local adj. in or relating to a particular place:
            Local transport services, bus and train services
            in and around a place. A local newspaper, not
            a national newspaper. The local job centre. A
            local call, a telephone call to a nearby place,
            usu. within a few miles. Local brand, see brand.
            n. (collog.) the inn or public house serving the
            people living near it.

            local area network Comp. a computer network
            that covers a limited geographical area, e.g. a
            single building. Abbr. L.A.N.

            local authority in Britain, the elected local
            government organization and its paid
            employees who have legal power and duty to
            provide and administer many local services on
            which rates (local taxes) are spent, such as
            schools, roads, public health, police, and plan-
            ning. Syn. local body.

            local authority loans PUB. FIN. & STK. EXCH.
            in Britain, borrowing by a local authority to
            finance capital expenditure on public services.
            Long-term borrowing is by issuing stock on the
            Stock Exchange. Shorter-term loans may be
            obtained by mortgage loans from the public at
            a fixed rate of interest for one, two or more
            years, and from yearling bonds or yearlings (so
            called because they are repayable in one year)
            which can be bought either direct from the
            borrowing authority or through the Stock
            Exchange. Syn. local body stock.

            local board see under board of directors

            local body see local authority. .

            ae a see under director.

            ocal tinancial co-operative lit uni

            local industry see under isdinars. joohan.

            localization of industry ECON. HIST. the ten-
            dency in the past of certain industries to group
            themselves in certain districts, usu. because
            production costs were lowest there, and there
            were many advantages, such as specialization
            by producers, a supply of trained workers, etc.




                evince -p 335 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            324 - local loan

            The greatest disadvantage was that when local
            industry suffered in a trade depression, there
            was very high local unemployment. For this
            reason, some governments cause new indus-
            tries to be more widely placed. See location of
            industry.
            local loan see under loan.
            local tax see under tax.
            local time TRANSPT. the time at a particular
            place or ina particular country, usu. calculated
            from local noon (midday), 1.e. the moment
            when the sun reaches its highest point in the
            sky. Cf. Greenwich Mean Time. Abdr. |.t.
            location of industry ECON. HIST. & IND. the
            places in which industries are first located (set
            up). The choice of place was largely influenced
            by the aim of the industrialist to keep costs as
            low as possible. In Britain, before the nine-
            teenth century, industries tended to rise on
            banks of fast rivers that supplied water-power
            for machines. In the nineteenth century the
            introduction of steam-power caused the coal-
            fields to attract many industries, esp. if other
            raw materials, such as iron, were cheaply
            obtainable nearby. Other locating influences
            were nearness to supplies of skilled labour, to
            canals and ports, and to markets for the prod-
            uct; and in some industries, such as cotton, a
            favourable climate. These locating influences
            became less and less important with the devel-
            opment of transport and the distribution of
            gas, electricity and oil as sources of power. See
            industrial inertia; localization of industry.
            Location of Offices Bureau (L.O.B.) com.
            & IND. in Britain, a government office that
            advises and encourages businesses to move
            their offices away from central London to other
            parts of the country.
            lock TRANSPT. & SHIPG. an enclosed space of
            water in a canal, dock or river, with gates at
            both ends, arranged so that the water and any
            vessels in it can be raised or lowered from one
            level to another.
            lockage TRANSPT. (1) a system of locks for chang-
            ing the levels of the water in different parts of
            a canal, river or docks. (2) the charges payable
            by owners of vessels passing through locks.
            lock-away FIN. a long-term investment.
            lock-keeper TRANSPT. a person employed to
            look after a lock on a canal or other waterway.
            Syn. lockman.
            lockman see lock-keeper.
            lock-out IND. REL. the action of an employer
            who excludes or ‘locks out’ his employees from
            his premises unless they accept his conditions,
            esp. a lower rate of pay, or longer hours of
            work. Cf. strike.
            lock-up n. (1) COM. a shop or garage or structure
            that is locked up and not guarded at night. (2)
            STK. EXCH. (collog.) any long-term investment,
            esp. a security that is not expected to rise in

            price but is worth buying for the regular income
            it will produce.
            lock up v. to invest (money, capital, etc.) in an
            investment that cannot be quickly sold: He has
            all his money locked up in business ventures|
            mortgages/unfurnished properties.
            loco com. (Latin, in that place) in foreign trade
            a price quoted as, e.g., loco Glasgow means that
            the price is for goods that are at Glasgow a,
            the time of quoting, and that the buyer mug
            bear all costs and risks of moving the goods to
            another place. Such a quotation 1s called a loco
            price.
            loco. TRANSPT. a locomotive or railway engine.
            locomotive economy ECON. one that has a
            high rate of growth. A locomotive is a railway
            engine.
            locum (Latin, locum tenen, holding the place) a
            person acting temporarily in place of another
            person, usu. a doctor or parish priest.
            locus sigilli Law (Latin, the place for a seal)
            usu. printed as abbr. L.S. ina circle on a formal
            document that needs to be sealed, such as a
            deed, to show where the seal is to be placed.
            lodge n. (in India & Pakistan) a lodging-house,
            a boarding house.
            v. (1) to live in another person’s house, paying
            rent. See lodger. To take someone into one’s
            house as a lodger. (2) to place formally, to
            deposit, documents or securities with some
            person or office authorized to hold or receive
            them: These stocks must be lodged with the
            bank as security. To lodge a document with the
            Registrar of Companies. To lodge a complaint/
            information with the police.
            lodgment fee BKG. a small sum paid by the
            holder of a cheque when presenting it to a
            bank for payment or for credit to the holder’s
            account.
            lodger a person who pays for, and lives in, a
            room in another person’s house. Syn. (U.S.A.)
            roomer.
            lodging Com. a place to live, esp. a furnished
            room or rooms in another person’s house for
            rent. Often pi. lodgings. Syn. rooms; apart-
            ments (Britain).
            a lodging-house a house, other than a hotel or
            inn, where rooms can be hired, usu. without
            meals. Cf. boarding house.
            log SHIPG. (1) an instrument for measuring the
            speed and distance travelled by a ship at sea.
            (2) the official daily record, called a ship’s log,
            kept by the master of a ship, of all important
            events and of the ship’s progress during a
            voyage. It forms part of a ship’s papers. (3)
            TRANSPT. a record of a journey by a road vehicle
            or aircraft. (4) in Britain, a registration docu-
            ment, called a log book, recording the owner-
            ship and other details of a road vehicle.
            logging AGR. & IND. in forestry, the work of


                evince -p 336 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            cutting down trees, sawing them into logs and
            moving them to a sawmill. Syn. lumbering.

            logic COMP. a non-mathematical data-processing
            operation performed by a computer, such as
            sorting, choosing, comparing values and mak-
            ing decisions. | .

            log off comP. to end a session working with a
            computer’s central processing unit. Cf. log on.

            logogram IND. & COM. a single sign or picture
            representing a whole word, esp. a name, often
            ysed as a trade-mark. See colophon. Syn. logo-
            graph; logotype. Abbr. logo.

            log on COMP. to gain access to a computer’s
            central processing unit. Cf. log off.

            lolly (collog.) money.

            Lombard BKG. in W. Germany, the rate of
            interest charged on Lombard Credits (short-
            term loans by the Deutsche Bundesbank to
            commercial and other banks).

            Lombard Street FIN. & BKG. (1) the popular
            name for the London money market; many
            discount houses, bill-brokers and commercial
            banks have their main offices in or near this
            street in the City of London. (2) financiers as
            a group.

            Lomé Convention FIN. & COM. an arrangement
            made in 1975 at Lomé, capital of Togo, West
            Africa, between the relatively rich countries
            of the E.E.C. and 46 of the less-developed
            countries of Africa, the Caribbean and the
            Pacific (the A.C.P. countries). The E.E.C.
            countries agreed to help the A.C.P. countries
            by: allowing duty-free imports of many of the
            A.C.P. countries’ products; by providing
            financial and technical help in developing their
            industries; and by supporting a plan called
            Stabex that aims to stabilize (keep steady)
            the earnings of A.C.P. countries from certain
            exports to the E.E.C., esp. of bananas, cocoa,
            coconuts, coffee, cotton, groundnuts, iron ore,
            leather, sisal, palm oil, tea and timber.

            London acceptance credit see under accept-
            ance.

            London Association for the Protection of
            Trade (L.A.P.T.) FIN. & COM. an association
            that keeps records of all hire-purchase deals
            in Britain and advises its members about
            the credit-worthiness of any hire-purchase
            customer.

            London Bankers Clearing House see clear-
            ing banks.

            London Chamber of Commerce (L.C.C.)
            COM. the largest chamber of commerce in Bri-
            tain, with over 9000 members from all branches
            of commercial activity. Besides offering the
            usual services provided by chambers of com-
            merce, it is an important examining authority
            on commercial subjects.

            London Clearing Bankers Association BKG.
            the organization that operates the London
            Bankers Clearing House. See clearing banks.

            London Commodity Exchange (L.C.E.)
            COMMOD. EXCH. in Britain, the building called
            Plantation House in Mincing Lane in the City
            of London, which forms the main commodity
            market (popularly known as Mincing Lane) for
            important commodities, mostly from tropical
            countries. It deals with certain foodstuffs such
            as cocoa, coffee, pepper and spices, soya beans,
            Sugar, tea and vegetable oils; some raw fibres
            such as jute and wool, and certain other raw
            materials such as rubber and shellac. See com-
            modity exchanges.

            London Gazette an official weekly paper giving
            information about government matters, ap-
            pointments of persons to important official
            positions, bankruptcies, winding-up orders, the
            ending of partnerships, changes in company
            names and any matters which must, by law,
            be published in the Gazette. In Scotland, the
            equivalent is the Edinburgh Gazette.

            London Inter-Bank Offered Rate Bkc. The
            rate of interest that London banks are offering
            for loans between themselves. This rate is often
            used as a basis for calculating other rates of
            interest: France’s ten-year credit will carry an
            interest rate of 0.5% above the London Inter-
            bank Offered Rate. Cf. FIBOR; SIBOR. Addr.
            LIBOR.

            London International Financial Futures
            Exchange (LIFFE) FIN. a commodity futures
            market in which the contracts made are mainly
            for gilt-edged securities, and foreign curren-
            cies.

            London Metal Exchange (L.M.E.) COMMOD.
            EXCH. founded in 1881, the main market in
            Britain for non-ferrous (i.e. other than iron)
            metals — copper, lead, tin, and zinc. Most of
            its dealings are in futures.

            London School of Economics (L.S.E.) in
            the University of London, one of the world’s
            leading centres for study and research in the
            social sciences. It was founded by Sidney Webb
            in 1895 and has an excellent library — the
            British Library of Political and Economic Sci-
            ence.

            London Stock Exchange see stock exchange.

            long. longitude.

            long STK. EXCH. holding a quantity of a particular
            security usu. in the expectation of a rise in
            price: To be long (in a certain stock or share).
            A long position, of a dealer, holding more of a
            particular security than he needs for supplying
            the quantities he has contracted to deliver. Syn.
            bull position. See also buying long. Do not
            borrow short and lend long: do not use borrowed
            money that must be repaid at short notice to
            buy securities or other assets that you may have
            to hold for a long time. Going Jong: buying in
            expectation of a rise in price.

            long-dated bill see under bill of exchange.


                evince -p 337 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &


            326 - long-dated paper

            long-dated paper see long-dated bill under bill
            of exchange.

            long-dated securities see longs.

            long-distance call (U.S.A.) a trunk call on the

            telephone.
            long dozen see dozen. . }
            long draft see foreign bill of exchange under bill

            of exchange.
            longer STK. EXCH. Jo go /onger, in the market
            for fixed-interest securities, to sell short-dated
            stocks and use the money to buy medium-dated
            or long-dated stocks. Syn. switching.
            long exchange BKG. in foreign exchange, bills
            of exchange that will not mature (become pay-
            able) for 60 or 90 days. See long rate under
            exchange rate.
            long firm FIN. a firm or company set up for the
            dishonest purpose of obtaining goods on credit,
            with the intention of never paying for them.
            longhand ordinary handwriting, with words
            written in fuil, as compared with typing or
            shorthand: Applications are invited in longhand,
            in the applicant’s own handwriting. Syn. manu-
            script; holograph.
            long hundred see hundred.
            longitude the distance of a place east or west
            of the standard meridian of Greenwich (0°),
            measured in degrees, minutes and seconds, e. g.
            1°19’35” E (Dover), by the angle which the
            meridian of the place makes, at the centre of
            the earth, with the Greenwich meridian. Cf.
            latitude. Abbr. long.
            long lease see under lease.
            long measure see linear measure.
            long period see long run.
            long position see long.
            long rate see under exchange rate.
            long run ECON. THEORY (1) the time taken for a
            change in demand to be balanced by a change
            in supply. It is the time needed by a firm to
            change all the factors of production and so
            vary Output to meet the new level of demand
            in the most efficient way possible. It is not a
            fixed length of time and may be different for
            each firm and industry. Syn. long period. See
            short run. (2) the time needed for all the eco-
            nomic factors in a situation to reach a new
            equilibrium with no further tendency to
            change.
            longs STK. EXCH. in Britain, gilt-edged and other
            fixed-interest securities repayable in more than
            [5 years from the present time. Syn. long-dated
            securities. Cf. shorts.
            longshore along and close to the shore: Long-
            shore fisheries/fishing.
            longshoreman (U.S.A.) a docker; a harbour-
            worker or stevedore, employed in loading and
            unloading ships, or in fishing from the shore.
            long-term liabilities see deferred liabilities
            under liabilities,
            long ton see under ton. Abbr. Lt.

            look up improve: Business is looking up.
            improving.
            eaenens adj, of a book, having a System of
            oinding arranged so that any leaf or Page can
            be taken out and replaced, or new leaves added
            In any order at any time. A loose-leaf ledger
            address book/catalogue. The cover is called a
            loose-leaf binder. |

            loot (1) anything obtained dishonestly or by
            force: The thief escaped with his loot. (2) ( collog.)
            money.

            lorcha SHIPG. a small ship built with a European
            shape of hull and fitted with sails shaped like
            those of a Chinese junk.

            Lord Chief Justice see Court of Appeal.

            Lord (High) Chancellor Law in Britain, the
            head of the judiciary. He is usu. a cabinet
            minister and is Speaker (Chairman) of the
            House of Lords.

            loro account BKG. (Jtalian, their account) the
            account of a third party. An expression used
            e.g. by one bank when telling another bank to
            transfer money to the account of a third bank.
            Cf. nostro account; vostro account.

            lorry TRANSPT. a large motor vehicle for carrying
            goods by road. Syn. truck (esp. U.S.A.).

            lose out (on) to suffer a loss or disadvantage:
            to become a loser, esp. as the result of a business
            deal or an administrative change of arrange-
            ments. We lost out on the company merger/joint
            venture/export deal.

            loss (1) ACCTS. & FIN. the financial harm or
            disadvantage resulting in business from any of

            a number of causes, such as: inability to obtain
            payment from debtors for goods supplied; sell-
            ing goods below cost; overheads (the costs of
            running the business) being greater than the
            gross profit from sales; the destruction or wear-
            ing-out of assets. Syn. deficit. Opp. profit; gain;
            surplus.
            dead loss see separate entry.
            gross loss the financial result when the cost of
            goods sold is greater than the amount received
            from their sale.
            net loss the financial result when the costs of
            running the business are greater than the gross
            profit from sales.
            paper loss a loss that has been suffered but has
            not been realized, i.e. has not been paid out in
            cash. Thus if the value of a security falls it will
            show a paper loss, but this loss will be realized
            in the form of a loss of cash only if the security
            is sold. Cf. paper profit.
            (2) INSCE. (a) an event resulting in a claim
            under a contract of insurance. (5) the amount
            which an insurer is bound to pay to the insured
            on the happening of an event insured against.

            (c) the money value of the harm suffered by

            the policy holder as the result of the event

            insured against. A loss is either total or partial.
            actual loss see separate entry.

            actual total loss see separate en try.

            is


            - ee


                evince -p 338 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            casualty loss see under casualty.

            constructive total loss see separate entry.
            general average loss see general average under
            average (4).

            gross average loss see general average under
            average (4).

            partial loss see separate entry.

            particular average loss see particular average
            under average (4).

            total loss see separate entry.

            loss-leader see under leader.

            loss maker a business that continually makes
            no profit.

            loss-of-profits policy see consequential loss
            policy under insurance policy.

            loss ratio INSCE. the proportion between the
            total amount of premiums received by an
            insurance company or society, and the total
            losses suffered, during a particular period.

            lost days IND. REL. (the number of) working
            days lost by industrial disputes in a particular
            factory or industry or area.

            lost time see downtime.

            lot (1) any group or collection of things offered
            for sale together as one deal. See also broken
            amount; odd lot. (2) a particular article or
            group of articles taken together, forming one
            of a number of deals each numbered and sold
            by a separate auction during an auction sale:
            Lot No. 23 was sold for £10. (3) (U.S.A.) a piece
            of land, esp. in a town: A parking lot, a car
            park. (4) the act of choosing something or
            someone, or of deciding a question, by chance,
            usu. by taking one of several articles of different
            sizes or marks, called casting lots or drawing
            lots. (5S) STK. EXCH. a number of shares in the
            same company offered for sale together as one
            deal. See odd lot. (6) COMMOD. EXCH. a fixed
            regular quantity, e.g. 5 tons, of a commodity,
            forming the basic unit in which each com-
            modity is traded.

            lot money CoM. an auctioneer’s charge for each
            lot sold by him during an auction sale.

            lottery a game of chance, usu. for raising money
            for charity, in which numbered tickets are
            bought by the players and mixed together in a
            container, from which a few are drawn out to
            decide by chance which players are the winners
            of the prizes.

            Low Countries an area of lowland in northern
            Europe containing Belgium, Luxemburg and
            the Netherlands (Holland).

            lower case small letters, not capitals. Abbr. |.c.

            low-loader TRANSPT. a vehicle specially built
            with a low floor for carrying by road or rail tall
            loads that would not pass under bridges, etc.
            if carried on an ordinary vehicle.

            low-rise of a building, having only a few stories.
            Cf. High-rise.

            low-season fare see high- or low-season fares
            under fare.

            lump, the - 327

            low water (1) sHIPG. low tide; the lowest level

            that the sea reaches in a single swing (rise and

            fall) of the tide. Opp. high water. Abbr. L.W.

            (2) (collog.) unsatisfactory finances: To be in

            low water, to have very little money; to be

            doing badly in business.

            P.G. liquefied petroleum gas.

            P.1. lines per inch.

            P.M. lines per minute.

            P.S.O. Lloyd’s Policy Signing Office.

            L.R. Lloyd’s Register (of Shipping).

            L.S. locus sigilli.

            I.s. lump sum.

            L.s.d. (1) pounds, shillings and pence (from
            Latin, librae, solidi, denarii). Now replaced by
            decimal units, pounds of 100 pence. (2) (colloq.)
            money.

            L.S.E. London School of Economics (and Politi-
            cal Science). |

            I.s.t. local standard time.

            I.t. long ton; local time.

            Ltd. Limited.

            L.T.O.M. London Traded Options Market.

            ltr. lighter.

            I/u laid up; lying up.

            lucrative profitable; earning much money:
            Banking is a lucrative trade/business. He has a
            lucrative post/position/situation, one that is very
            well paid.

            lucre riches, money, esp. if obtained by some
            undesirable means: Filthy lucre, money
            accumulated by someone whose main desire is
            to get rich.

            Luddite ECON. HIST. (1) one of a group of indus-
            trial workers in England between 1811 and
            1816 who, fearing the loss of their jobs, fought
            against mechanization by destroying machin-
            ery in factories. (2) any person who is active in
            fighting against industrial change, esp. against
            the greater use of labour-saving machinery.

            luggage see baggage.

            lull STK. EXCH. & COM. a period when business
            is temporarily quiet: After a rather busy day
            yesterday, there was a lull in trading today.

            lumber (1) IND. (U.S.A. & Canada) timber, esp.
            wood sawn into boards. (2) in Britain, articles
            put aside because they are no longer of use but
            in too good a condition to throw away.

            lumberer see lumberman.

            lumbering see logging.

            lumberjack see lumberman.

            lumberman (1) IND. (U.S.A. & Canada) a per-
            son employed in cutting down trees in a forest
            and in moving them to a saw-mill. Syn. lum-
            berer; lumberjack. (2) a dealer in timber.

            lump sum (1) FIN. & COM. money paid all at one
            time, not, e.g., by instalments. Abbr. l.s. (2)
            INSCE. a sum of money paid to an insured
            person, usu. on retirement, as well as his regular
            pension.

            lump, the IND. (collog.) in Britain, a popular

            L.
            L.
            L.
            L.

            te
            in



                evince -p 339 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            328 - lunar month

            name given to a class of workers in the building
            industry who, to avoid paying taxes, do not
            work as regular employees of building firms
            but prefer to be self-employed and to work as
            subcontractors.

            lunar month see month.

            lunar year see under year.

            luncheon voucher a printed ticket that will
            buy a meal in a restaurant, or food in a grocer’s
            or other shop, to a stated value. Some
            employers who do not provide a staff canteen
            or restaurant serving cheap meals use these
            vouchers as a means of giving their employees
            a small tax-free advantage. The employer buys
            the vouchers from a voucher company that
            later pays the restaurants or shops that accept
            them as payment. Abdr. |.v.

            Lutine Bell INSCE. & SHIPG. a bell sometimes
            rung at Lloyd’s in London to signal that impor-
            tant news is to be made known about a ship
            in trouble or about some other disaster.

            luxury 7. (1) very great comfort: He lives a life
            of luxury. I am accustomed to live in luxury. (2)
            a most enjoyable thing that is expensive and
            not necessary: A Rolls Royce (motor car) is a
            luxury we cannot afford.
            adj. providing very great comfort: A /uxury
            cabin[flat/hotel/restaurant. A luxury article, an
            expensive and unnecessary thing that only rich
            people buy. The luxury trade, the trade in luxury
            articles.

            luxury tax see under tax.

            l.v. luncheon voucher.

            L.W. low water.

            L.W.O.S.T. low water ordinary spring tides. -

            M

            m minim; prefix milli- (10-3); metre.

            m. male; married; mile(s); month.

            M motorway; the Roman numeral for 1000.

            M. Monsieur; mille (1000).

            M., M2, Ms etc. see money supply.

            MA Massachusetts, U.S.A.

            Macaulay’s Transfer see under Organization,
            Laws of.

            MacCulloch John Ramsey (1789-1864), Scot-
            tish economist, statistician and writer, and
            Comptroller of H.M. Stationery Office. He
            produced special editions, with notes, of
            Ricardo’s and Adam Smith’s main works and,
            in 1824, wrote one of the first histories of
            economic thought. In 1832 he published a
            commercial dictionary.

            machine IND. a power-driven apparatus or
            instrument for doing work of a particular kind:
            A printing/binding/paper-making/drilling/sewing
            machine. Abbr. m/c., pl. m/cs.

            ————————————— SS


            calculating machine see calculator.
            duplicating machine see duplicator.
            machine code see machine language under Jap.
            guage.
            machine language see under language.
            machine loading IND. in a factory, deciding
            what work will be done by each machine, us,
            the responsibility of the production contro}
            office. |
            machine-made IND. made by machinery, ag
            distinguished from hand-made.
            machinery IND. (1) machines collectively: J;
            pays to buy the best kind of machinery. The
            factory contains a million pounds’ worth of
            machinery. Machinery for printing books. (2)
            the working or moving parts of a machine:
            Dangerous machinery must be properly fenced.
            The machinery of a clock. Abbr. mchy. (3) MAN.
            any organized system or process for getting
            something done or made or for obtaining
            desired results: The machinery of banking|
            government/administration/the courts.
            office machinery all kinds of machines for use
            in offices, such as typewriters, duplicators, cal-
            culators, and copying machines.
            machine shop IND. (1) a place, esp. in a factory,
            where machines are made or put together or
            repaired. (2) a place where things are made by
            machine.
            machine-tool IND. any fixed power-driven
            machine used for cutting and shaping metal
            and other materials. Machine tools include
            lathes, drills, and grinding, milling and planing
            machines.
            machinist (1) a person who works a machine
            esp. a sewing machine. Syn. operative; opera-
            tor. (2) a mechanic or mechanical engineer
            (esp. U.S.A.).
            macro-economics ECON. THEORY that branch
            of economics that examines and explains eco-
            nomic facts in the aggregate, i.e. in totals for
            the whole community or nation, such as the
            total volume of employment, investment,
            money supply, production, consumption, etc.
            See aggregate analysis. Cf. micro-economics.
            Madam a polite form of spoken address or
            greeting used for an unmarried as well as a
            married woman. Dear Madam, the formal
            opening or greeting in a letter to a woman.
            Madame the polite form of address, both spoken
            and written, for a Frenchwoman who is mar-
            ried, and often for any married woman other
            than one from an English-speaking country:
            Madame Dubois, the French Ambassador's wife,
            was speaking to Madame Li of the Chinese con-
            sulate. Abbr. Mme.
            made bill see under bill of exchange.
            Mademoiselle the polite form of address, both
            spoken and written, for an unmarried French-
            woman. Abbr. Mile.; Melle.
            mag. magazine.


                evince -p 340 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            vTG. a paper-bound collection of

            TT oe by various writers, published

            | every week or every month, usu. containing

            : advertisements. Abbr. mag.

            Maghreb the countries in the western part of
            the Arab World, 1.€. Morocco, Algeria, Tunisia
            and sometimes Libya. Also Maghrib. Cf.
            Mashreq. Ber

            magistrate LAW in England and Wales, a justice
            (judicial officer appointed by the Crown) with
            power to try criminal cases in the lower or
            magistrates’ courts. Magistrates are either
            unpaid part-time Justices of the Peace or, as
            in certain large cities, paid full-time stipendiary
            magistrates.
            magistrates’ courts LAW in England and
            Wales, the lowest level of criminal court held
            by Justices of the Peace or a stipendiary magis-
            trate. They deal with the less serious criminal
            cases at all stages; and they also hear more
            serious cases in their early stages only, and
            certain cases concerning children and young
            persons. Cf. Crown Court.
            magnate COM. & IND. a person of great wealth,
            power and importance in business and indus-
            try: A newspaper/property/shipping magnate.
            Syn. baron.
            magnetic disk Comp. a method of storing infor-
            mation on flat round plates covered on both
            sides with a magnetic material. Using an
            instrument called a read/write head, the com-
            puter can be made to write information on to
            tracks on the disk and to read it back when it
            is needed. A floppy disk or diskette is a magnetic
            disk that is able to be bent easily. Syn. disk
            memory.
            magnetic ink character recognition BKG. a
            modern system of printing a mark consisting
            of letters or numbers in a special style of type,
            in magnetic ink on cheques, credits and other
            documents. By this means, the documents are
            rapidly sorted and listed by automatic
            machines, and the information on them 1s fed
            into a computer that makes debits and credits
            to the accounts concerned. Abbr. M.I.C.R.
            magnetic tape see under tape.
            maid a female servant in a home or hotel.
            mail (1) letters, packets and parcels sent or
            received by post: My secretary opens my mail.
            Syn. post. (2) the postal system of a country,
            called in Britain the Royal Mail; in U.S.A.,
            the U.S. Mail. Syn. post.
            air mail see airmail.
            direct mail see under advertising (1).
            electronic mail messages or information trans-
            mitted between computers, either in a com-
            puter network or via telephone lines.
            first-class mail in Britain (a) a fast inland postal
            service for carrying and delivering letters or
            packets, for which a higher rate of postage is
            paid than for the slower second-class mail. (b)

            mainframe computer - 329

            letters and packets sent and received by the

            faster service. In U.S.A., letters, postcards, and

            other written matter.

            sea mail mail carried entirely by ship. See

            surface mail below.

            second-class mail in Britain (a) the ordinary

            inland postal service for carrying and deliver-

            ing letters or packets. It is cheaper and slower

            than first-class mail. (b) letters and packets sent

            and received by this ordinary service. See first-

            class mail above.

            surface mail mail that is carried by sea or over

            land, not by air. See sea mail above.

            v. (esp. in U.S.A.) to post; to send by mail.
            mailboat see packet-boat.

            mailer see mailing piece.

            mailing-card (U.S.A.) a postcard.

            mailing list ADVTG. a list of names and
            addresses of persons and organizations to
            whom advertising material such as notices,
            leaflets, offers and other sales information 1s
            regularly sent.

            mailing machine an electric office machine
            that prepares letters for sending by post; it
            seals (sticks down) envelopes, stamps them and
            arranges them in piles.

            mailing piece ADVTG. a piece of advertising
            material specially produced for sending out by
            mail. Also (collog.) mailer.

            mail merge ComP. a word-processing program
            which combines a standard letter with a mail-
            ing list to produce personalized letters, often
            used in mailshots.

            mail order com. an order for goods to be sent
            direct to the customer by post. Abbr. M.O.
            mail order house a company selling a wide
            variety of goods, sending them by post direct
            from its warehouse to the customer. Orders are
            collected or obtained, with the help of an
            illustrated catalogue, by agents who are paid
            by commission. Prices are kept low by avoiding
            the cost of running retail shops, and by buying
            in bulk. Payment is accepted by instalments,
            usu. without extra charge.

            mail room see post room.

            mailshot any form of printed promotional

            _ material which is sent to consumers.

            mail steamer see under steamer. Abbr. M/S.:
            M.S.; m.s.

            mail train see under train.

            mail transfer see under transfer.

            Main Board stk. EXCH. the part of the Stock
            Exchange where listed securities are dealt in.
            Cf. Second Board.

            main crop AGR. the chief or leading crop grown
            by a farmer to provide most of his income. Cf.
            cash crop; catch-crop.

            main deck sHIPG. in a ship with only two decks,
            the upper deck; in a ship with more than two
            decks, the next deck below the upper deck.

            mainframe computer see under computer.


                evince -p 341 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &


            330 - Main Street

            Main Street see High Street.
            maintain (1) to support; to keep provided wit!
            what is needed: Jo maintain a family/home, t
            provide money, food, shelter, etc. needed fo
            living. To maintain a Jund, to cause it to receiv:
            a regular income. (2) to keep in proper repair
            in good order: Jo maintain a_ vehicle/road
            railway. bet ee
            maintenance (1) the act of maintaining or o
            being maintained. See care and maintenanc
            basis. (2) the provision of things necessary t
            support a person. (3) LAW the provision o
            income under a deed of settlement by a mar
            to his separated or divorced wife, to suppor
            her and children of the marriage. (4) LAW th
            civil offence of interfering in a lawsuit in the
            result of which one has no personal interest. I:
            the intention is that the maintainer will share ir
            any gain received from the action, the offence i:
            called champerty. See also barratry (2).
            maisonette a flat on more than one floor, usu
            only part of a house.
            major greater in importance than others: /
            major road/advertiser/producer. Opp. minor.
            majority (1) Law the state of being no longer a
            minor or infant (child or young person) but a
            person of full legal age. In many countries the
            age of majority or coming of age is 18, and in
            others it is usu. 21 years. (2) MAN. when a vote
            is taken, the greater number of voters voting
            for one person or thing. (3) the number of votes
            by which those voting one way exceed those
            voting another way.
            make n. (1) manufacture; production: Our own
            make of shoe polish. A well-known make of cam-
            era. Syn. brand. (2) a quantity made. Syn.
            batch; making.
            make or buy IND. the decision whether to manu-
            facture a product or any part of a product, or
            whether to sub-contract production and add
            value. See also sub-contract: value added.
            make out to write, esp. a form, such as a cheque
            or paying-in slip: Please make out an application
            form.
            make up ACCTS. to complete: Accounts are made
            up to the end of June.
            making-up day see contango day under con-
            tango.
            making-up price see under price.
            maladminister MAN. to administer or manage
            badly, esp. inefficiently or perh. dishonestly.
            N. maladministration.
            mala fide adv. (Latin, in bad faith) intending to
            deceive; not sincere. Opp. bona fide. See faith.
            mala fides n. dishonesty; insincerity; untruth-
            fulness.
            malfeasance LAW. wrongdoing, esp. by a
            government officer or business employee.
            malicious damage INScE. damage done on
            purpose, from a desire to cause suffering or loss
            to somebody. Abbr. M.D.


            malicious prosecution Law. the civil

            | Offence
            a of wrongfully causing a person to be accused
            a of a crime or to be made bankrupt, or of
            r wrongfully causing a company to be Put into
            e liquidation, out of a desire to

            Cause suffering
            or loss.

            / Malthus Thomas Robert (1766-1834), En
            economist of the Classica] School, and countr
            priest. His Essa y on the Principle of Population,
            appeared in 1789 but was rewritten in 1803. Jy
            presented a fearful picture of the future because
            the population of the world would Brow in
            geometrical progression, much faster than the
            supply of food, which would increase only in
            arithmetical progression. He felt that over.
            population would force wages down so low that
            people would only just be able to exist. Natura}
            checks such as disease, wars and famine would
            not be effective enough; and the preventive
            check, i.e. self-control in having children, |
            would only have effect when wages and the
            standard of living had fallen to a miserably low
            | level because ‘Man is both comfort-loving and
            philo-progenitive [has a natural desire to have
            ! children]’. Malthus’s theory of population seem-
            . ed very true in the terrible social conditions of his
            ) time and it had a great influence not
            | only on the studies and writings of his fellow
            : economists but also on the government, result-
            i ing in great social changes in Britain. Events
            , proved, however, that there was no real basis
            for his fears. As wealth and education
            increased in the industrial countries, people
            tended to have smaller families; but in the
            industrially less-developed countries, over-
            population remains the most serious social
            problem.

            Malthusianism belief in the teachings of
            Thomas Malthus on the need for population
            control.

            Man. Manitoba, Canada.

            man v. to provide with men: To man a ship, to
            arrange for a ship to have officers and men to
            work it.

            manage MAN. to direct, control, take charge
            of (a business or other organization). Syn. to
            administer.

            managed currency see under currency.

            managed fund FIN. an investment trust fund
            that employs professional managers who are
            paid for their services out of management fees
            charged to members investing in the fund. The
            managers take care of the fund’s portfolio and
            use their special skills in buying and selling
            its investments, esp. with the aim of making
            capital gains.

            managed money see managed currency under
            currency.

            management MAN. (1) the board of directors
            of a company. (2) the group of persons who
            control a business, including both directors and

            Blish

            SN ae ieee ll NO

            — <a [= A


                evince -p 342 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            ‘oh-ranking managers. (3) the governing body
            re ‘zation. Management committee, a

            organ!
            of eeu ; ersons, either appointed or elected,
            nee e the affairs of an organization such

            as a village hall. Syn. administration. Abbr.
            pee ement the directors and one or
            (ee aa lled
            more high-ranking managers called genera
            managers who are responsible for the higher
            management of the business or other organiz-
            ation and who control a number of depart-
            mental and service managers.
            higher management see top management below.
            line and staff management a system by which a
            business or other organization is controlled by
            two chains of command: one, the line manage-
            ment, consists of line managers responsible for
            policy on the main product, service or activity
            of the concern; the other, the staff management,
            is responsible for supporting the line manage-
            ment with services such as warehousing, trans-
            port, accounting, secretarial work and
            technical advice.
            middle management the group of managers
            immediately below, but working closely with,
            top management. Many of the responsibilities
            of the highest officers are delegated (passed
            down) to middle managers to carry out. A
            middle manager (in U.S.A. a junior adminis-
            trator) has charge of a number of supervisors
            or foremen. Together they run the detailed
            parts of the organization.
            top management the group of persons who are
            the highest officers of an organization. They
            are usu. led by the chief executive officer and
            his deputy who work closely with the board of
            directors, and include the heads of the various
            divisions or departments. Immediately below
            them are the middle management. Syn. higher
            management; upper management.
            management accountant see cost or manage-
            ment accountant under accountant.
            management accounting MAN. & ACCTS. those
            areas of accounting concerned with financial
            planning, principally through the interpret-
            ation and use of financial data for improved
            management of the business. Cf. financial
            accounting.
            management buy in see under buy in.
            management buyout see under buyout.
            management by exception MAN. a method
            of managing the work of an organization by
            setting up controls that show up exceptions,
            i.e. things that are not normal. These are given
            the attention they need from the managers,
            while normal things carry on without using
            management time. Syn. exception principle.
            management by objectives MAN. a system
            of performance evaluation which sets certain
            goals for an employee for a certain period and
            Judges performance solely on whether or not

            manager - 331

            these objectives have been achieved, regardless
            of other issues such as the methods or manage-
            ment styles adopted to achieve them. Abbr.
            M.B.O.

            management charges FIN. the costs of manag-
            ing €.g. an investment trust, recovered by the
            managers from the income of the trust. These
            costs cover rent, office overheads, wages and
            salaries of employees, directors’ fees, fees for
            registration of investments, and audit fees.

            management checks see management control
            under control.

            management company see under company.

            management consultant MAN. a person or
            firm selling professional advice on manage-
            ment questions, such as administration, organ-
            ization, the use of capital and manpower, the
            employment of managers and workers, indus-
            trial relations and marketing policy.

            management control see under control.

            management development MAN. the process
            of taking active steps to improve the quality of
            management within the organization, through
            such methods as training programmes, coun-
            selling schemes, etc.

            management fees see unit trust; managed
            fund.

            management information system(s) MAN.
            & COMP. computers used in management. Abbr.
            M.1S.

            management letter AccTs. a private letter
            from the auditors to a board of directors outlin-
            ing any financial management problems the
            auditors may have encountered during the
            audit.

            management ratio MAN. (1) the number of
            managers employed for every 1000 employees
            in a business or other organization. (2) any of
            a number of ratios that are of use to the
            management as measures of the efficiency of
            the business, such as those showing the relation
            between sales and stocks, sales and overhead
            costs, current assets and current liabilities.

            management share see under share.

            management, wages of see wages (4).

            manager MAN. a person employed to manage,
            i.e. to control or direct part or all of the work
            of other employees in a business, industrial
            concern or other organization. He is usu. under
            the orders of a director. Abbr. mngr. Fem.
            manageress.
            bank manager the name given by customers to
            the manager in charge of a branch of a bank.
            Up to a fixed limit, he may lend money without
            reference to the head office. He is officially
            called a branch manager.
            branch manager a responsible person placed in
            charge of a branch, i.e. a local division, of a
            business or other organization. The branch
            manager of a bank is also called a bank man-
            ager. Cf. district manager.



                evince -p 343 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            332 - manageress

            business manager see under business. ?
            commercial manager one who is responsible
            for the successful control of the commercial
            activities of an organization, i.e. buying and
            selling so as to produce a profit.
            district manager in a large concern, a manager
            who has the responsibility for a district 1m
            which there are several branches of the busi-
            ness or other organization. He is usu. under
            the orders of the general manager and controls
            a number of branch managers.
            estate manager see land agent (2).
            export manager the manager responsible for
            the exporting activities of a business. He is
            usu. under the orders of the sales manager.
            factory manager see works manager below.
            general manager a chief manager who controls
            the work of a number of other managers.
            line manager see line and staff management
            under management.
            middle manager see middle management under
            management.
            office manager a manager in charge of an office,
            esp. a departmental office in a business or
            factory; he has special responsibility for deal-
            ing with documents, records and the passing
            of information such as reports and returns
            needed not only by the higher management
            but also by the other managers, foremen and
            ordinary workers.
            personnel manager a manager responsible for all
            matters concerning the employment of factory
            workers, office and travelling staff. He 1s usu.
            under the direct orders of the general manager
            or the personnel director. Syn. staff manager.
            sales manager a manager who is responsible
            for the work of a sales department. He controls
            the work of the office staff, the home sales
            manager, the export manager and the sales
            representatives or travellers. In a large organi-
            zation he is under the orders of the sales direc-
            tor.
            staff manager see personnel manager above.
            station manager the official in charge of a large
            railway station.
            under-manager an assistant manager, of lower
            rank than a manager.
            works manager the manager responsible for
            controlling a factory. He is usu. under the
            direct orders of the general manager. Syn.
            factory manager; production manager.
            manageress MAN. a female manager.
            managerial MAN. relating to management or to
            a manager: The managerial class. At managerial
            level.
            managerial economics the use of the laws and
            ideas of economic theory in planning business
            activities and in making business decisions.
            manager’s cheque see under cheque.
            manager's share see deferred share under
            share; also management share under share.

            managing agent MAN. an agent appointeg ;

            the owner(s) of property or of a businese

            manage it in return for a fee or commiss; to
            based on the amount of the turnover or 2 i
            profits or of both. The owners of a bloc, €
            flats might appoint an estate agent to han
            it. The owners of a number of tea eta
            in India have appointed managing agent, -
            control and run the estates. 0

            managing director MAN. see under directo, _

            Abbr, M.D.

            managing owner SHIPG. where a ship has sey.
            eral joint-owners, the one appointed by the
            others to manage the affairs of the ship.

            managing partner see under partner.

            Manchester School (of economic thought) se,
            Cobden, Richard.

            Manchester wares COM. cotton goods made
            (or like those made) in Manchester, a large
            industrial city in the north of England. Ajso
            Manchester goods.

            mandamus LAW (Latin, we command) in Brit-
            ain, a High Court order of the greatest power
            and authority, commanding some person or
            organization, esp. a government department,
            to perform a public duty which it owes to the
            complainant. Such orders are rare and are
            issued only when all other means of obtaining
            justice have failed.

            mandant LAW a person who gives a mandate.
            Cf. mandatory. Syn. mandator.

            mandate 7. BKG. & LAW a direction, command
            or request, esp. a formal written authority by
            one person, called the mandant or mandator
            giving another person, called the mandatory,
            power to act for him in certain stated matters,
            such as to sign cheques or to operate a joint
            account.
            dividend mandate an order by a shareholder to
            the company of which he is a member, to pay
            his dividends to another party, such as a bank.
            v. to put (or place) under a mandate.

            mandator see mandant.

            mandatory 7. LAW the person to whom a man-
            date has been given.
            adj. that must necessarily be done. Syn. obliga-
            tory. Opp. optional.

            man Friday a male employee who is willing to
            do any kind of work. Cf. girl Friday.

            man-hour IND. a unit of measurement of human
            work; the amount of work done by one man
            in one hour: This wall will take 100 man-hours
            to build. Also, similarly, man-day; man-month.

            manifest SHIPG. & TRANSPT. a detailed official
            list of goods carried as cargo in a ship or
            aircraft, signed by the master or captain and
            delivered to the Customs after loading and
            before departure and again before unloading.

            The manifest is one of the ship’s papers.

            passenger manifest a list of all the passengers

            on board a ship or aircraft, given to the Cus-



                evince -p 344 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            toms by the master or captain on arrival. Syn.
            passenger return, passenger list.
            manifold to make many copies (of a document).
            manifold book see duplicate book; triplicate
            book.
            manifold paper very thin typing paper used
            with carbon paper for making many copies on
            a typewriter.
            manilla a strong, light brown paper made partly
            or entirely from the fibres of manilla hemp,
            much used for commercial envelopes.
            manipulate STK. EXCH. to cause a change to
            take place to one’s advantage by clever use
            of hidden influence, unfair trading or other
            deceitful means: To manipulate the market/
            share prices, to cause prices to change by, e.g.
            buying and selling in order to make the market
            appear more active than it really is. See also
            bear campaign; bull campaign. Syn. to rig.
            manning agreement IND. REL. an agreement
            between management and labour (usu. a union)
            on how many men are needed to carry out a
            certain piece of work.
            man of affairs see under affairs, n. pl.
            man of business LAw a person who has been
            given power to act for another in legal matters
            and to manage his private legal affairs. Cf.
            man of affairs.
            man-of-war SHIPG. a warship; a ship forming
            part of the armed forces of a country.
            manorial system see feudal system.
            manpower ECON. & IND. the whole labour force,
            male and female, of a country or region or
            industry, esp. considered in relation to employ-
            ment in industry. If there are more people
            ready to work than there are jobs for them,
            there is a manpower surplus; if there are more
            jobs than people to fill them, there is a man-
            power deficit.
            manpower planning MAN. the science which
            looks at the relationships between an organi-
            zation and its workforce. It is particularly con-
            cerned with the size and shape of the
            workforce, and other issues at the group rather
            than the individual level.
            manual adj. IND. of, done by using, the hands:
            Manual labour, work needing strength and
            perh. some skill with the hands. Done by hand,
            not by machine: A manual exchange, a tele-
            phone exchange that is not automatic but is
            worked by persons called operators.
            n. (1) a book giving information on a special
            subject, such as the care of a machine or
            vehicle. (2) a book giving directions on how
            some work or process is to be done, such as a
            manual of administration.
            manufactory IND. a factory.
            manufacture IND. the systematic making of
            goods from raw materials. Originally manufac-
            ture was the making of something by hand,
            but now includes making by machinery.

            margin - 333

            computer-aided manufacture the use of compu-
            ter-controlled processes in making goods, from

            planning to finished product. Abbr. C.A.M.:
            C.a.m. |

            nanufacture, certificate of sce certificate of
            manufacture.

            nanufacturer (1) IND. a person or organization
            making goods from raw materials. (2) ECON.
            THEORY an employer of labour and capital to
            make useful goods for sale in the market.

            nanufacturer’s agent CoM. a commission
            agent who has been given the franchise to sell
            a particular manufacturer’s goods in a certain
            district or country for an agreed period. Such
            agents usu. look for customers who will place
            contracts for large regular supplies, such as
            other manufacturers or wholesalers.

            nanufacturer’s recommended price see
            recommended price under price.

            nanufacturing industry see under industry.

            nanuscript handwritten or typed matter (not
            printed), esp. an author’s copy before publi-
            cation. See holograph; longhand. Abbr. ms. ;
            MS.; p/. mss., MSS.

            nar. marine.

            Marché a Terme d’‘Instruments Financiers
            (M.A.T.I.F.) FIN. in France, the financial
            futures market.

            nargarine a substance similar to butter, made
            from oils obtained from plants or animals.

            nargin (1) an edge; a border; an area on or
            round the border of a space: The margins on a
            page. (2) an allowance: A margin of error, a
            number of mistakes or a degree of inaccuracy
            that is allowed or accepted. (3) ACCTS. & COM.
            the relation between profit and selling price,
            the profit margin, expressed either as a fraction,
            e.g. 4, or as a percentage, e.g. 25%. Cf. mark-
            up. If the mark-up 1s known, the margin (of
            profit) can be found: e.g. if the mark-up is



            ° ° l re L oO - . °
            4 the margin 1s are 7 or 25%; again, if
            dae oem ae
            the margin is 4, the mark-up is ae OF

            11.11%. Similarly, if the margin is known, the
            mark-up can be found, e.g. if the margin is },



            the mark-up is 5 £ ae z or 25%; again, if the
            margin is %, the mark-up is 5 > 3= + or 20%.

            Cf. mark-down. (4) BKG. the difference be-
            tween the amount of a bank loan and the
            market value of the security given by the bor-
            rower. The bank usu. demands that the value
            of the security shall be greater than the amount
            lent, to allow for a fall in the market value of the
            security. (5) CoM. the difference between the
            cost or buying price and the selling price, i.e.
            gross profit. Pl. margins, or profit margins, the
            rate of profit generally made in selling an article
            or commodity: Margins on groceries are higher



                evince -p 345 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            334 - marginal cost |
            in; argin.

            last year. See gross margin; Tn ot :
            avr & COMMOD. EXCH. (a) the

            : : nd selling prices.
            between the broker's buying coker to another

            ed by one ,'
            (b) any amount OW f The Account,
            and due to be settled at the end o aietinit

            : 7) BCON. THEOR ae
            or trading per eu the consumer hesitates

            it ® 6 .
            of a commodity - not, because he is ‘on the

            whether to buy © her the satisfac-
            margin (edge) of doubt’ whethe ill be

            tion he will get from buying atin i it, it
            worth the money spent on it. If he buys I;
            ‘5 a marginal purchase, only Just worth buying.
            (8) ECON. THEORY the point at which the return
            (gain) to a producer from producing one more
            unit only just exceeds the cost of ooo.
            (9) STK. EXCH. money or securities deposited y
            a client with a stockbroker as security against
            the client’s failure to pay for deals (called deals
            on margin) about to be made for him by the
            stockbroker. See margin trading. (10) STK.
            EXCH. a deal in which both the client and the
            stockbroker share the outlay and the profit.
            (11) FIN. the difference between the rate of
            interest paid by a financier on the money he
            borrows and the rate at which he lends it. In
            foreign exchange deals the difference between
            the rate at which a foreign currency is bought
            and the rate at which it sells.
            marginal cost see under cost.
            marginal costing ACCTS. the allocation of only
            the variable costs to a unit of production, the
            fixed costs or overheads being already allocated
            elsewhere or to previous production. Marginal
            costing is often used when extra production is
            added to planned output. Syn. variable costing.
            Opp. absorption costing.
            Marginalist School see Austrian School.
            marginal land ECON. THEORY land that is only
            just worth cultivating at current prices; land
            that produces a crop the value of which is
            just sufficient to pay the cost of production.
            Marginal land will be put to use in years when
            the farmer expects prices to rise; but will go
            out of use when he expects them to fall, unless
            production costs can also be expected to fall.
            marginal productivity see under productivity.
            Marginal Productivity, Law of Diminish-
            ing see Diminishing Returns, Law of.
            Marginal Productivity Theory of Wages
            ECON. THEORY a theory that wages, being the
            carnings of the factor of production called
            labour, tend to equal the value of the marginal
            product of labour, i.e. the addition to the value
            aaa output resulting from the addition of the
            oe worker. At this point, it would
            profitable to employ any more workers


            making some Profit. All t
            tend to be paid a wage

            he workers therefore
            equal to the Marginal


            ~-

            ‘wity of the last worker. Cf. Subsiste
            sagen Se ages; Wages-Fund Theory.
            marginal rate TAXN. the percentage rate of
            income tax paid by a taxpayer on that part of
            his income that is taxed the most. |
            marginal relief TAXN. a reduction in the rate
            of income tax when income slightly exceeds a
            level at which a higher rate 1s payable. |
            Marginal Returns, Law of see Diminishing
            Returns, Law of. | |
            marginal revenue ECON. THEORY the addition
            to his total receipts that a producer will ear,
            from selling one more unit of his product.
            marginal seller see under seller. Pb
            marginal significance see marginal utility,
            Marginal Theory of Value ECON. THEORY the
            idea generally accepted by most modern econ-
            omists, replacing the Labour and the Cost of
            Production Theories of Value, that Price, or
            value in exchange, depends on the relation of
            demand and supply. More exactly, it depends
            on the behaviour of the marginal purchaser and
            the marginal producer; the marginal purchaser
            will not pay more than the marginal utility of
            the article, and the marginal producer will not
            produce the article if its price is lower than its
            marginal cost of production. 7
            marginal utility ECON. THEORY the satisfaction
            obtained from that unit of a commodity that a
            consumer finds is only just worth obtaining.
            See Diminishing Utility, Law of. Syn. marginal
            significance.
            Marginal Utility School see Austrian School.
            margin of safety FIN. the difference between
            current sales revenue and sales revenue at the
            break-even point.
            margin trading STK. & COMMOD. EXCH. buying
            shares or commodities under a special agree-
            ment with a broker by making only a part-
            payment (say half) in cash and using credit
            arranged by the broker for the other half (the
            margin, broker's loan or call loan). The loan
            either comes from the broker’s own funds or
            is arranged by him with a bank ‘on call’ at
            market rates of interest with the shares or
            commodity as security. The broker records the
            loan in a margin account in the buyer’s name.
            If the value of the Shares/commodity rises, any
            Profit goes to the Original buyer: but if the
            value falls, the broker may demand from the
            buyer another cash payment of, say, 25% (a
            Maite Thier'sed buying on margin. =
            | a dollars FIN. silver coins orig-
            nally issued in Austria in the eighteenth cen-
            tury and all E
            fy and all dated 1780, although minted in
            many places down tothe present day; they are
            still accepted as trading currency in many parts
            S tia! Africa and the Middle East, but are
            gal tender anywhere.

            mariculture aGrR. the raising of animals and

            Nce

            plants obtained from the sea for use as food


                evince -p 346 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            and as material for making things. Syn. sea
            farming. .

            marina SHIPG. & TOUR. a dock or basin specially
            arranged as a harbour for small pleasure boats
            with shops, clubs, hotels and other services
            such as fresh water, fuel and repairs. Syn. boat
            harbour; boat haven.

            marine adj. (1) of or relating to the sea: Marine
            products. Marine navigation, fixing one’s pos-
            ition at sea. Intended for use at sea: Marine
            instruments, special instruments for use at sea,
            such as compasses, sextants, and radar appar-
            atus. (2) of or relating to ships: Marine engi-
            neering, the science of making and operating
            ships’ engines and other machinery. (Cf. naval
            architecture.) Marine craft, a boat. Abbr. mar.
            n. (1) sea-going ships generally: The Merchant
            Marine. (2) a class of soldier serving at sea as
            well as on land: The Royal Marines.

            marine accident MAR. INSCE. an accident at
            sea, usu. to a ship or to her crew and cargo.

            marine insurance see under insurance, classes
            and kinds of.

            marine insurance broker MAR. INSCE. a broker
            who has special knowledge of insurance
            against the risks of the sea. He is the agent of
            the insured party (usu. the owner of the ship
            or cargo) and not of the insurance company.

            marine insurance company see under com-
            pany.

            marine insurance survey see under survey.

            marine insurer(S) MAR. INSCE. a marine
            insurance company or Lloyd’s underwriters.

            marine law see maritime law.

            mariner SHIPG. (1) a seaman; anybody employed
            on board a ship. (2) a person skilled in operat-
            ing and navigating a ship.
            master mariner (a) a seaman qualified to take
            charge of a ship. (6) the captain or master of
            a merchant ship.

            marine superintendent see superintendent.

            marine syndicate MAR. INSCE. a group of
            Lloyd’s underwriters who specialize in marine
            insurance.

            marine underwriter see underwriter (4).

            mar. insce. marine insurance.

            maritime close to, relating to, the sea: Britain
            is a maritime nation/power. A maritime climate, a
            climate with cool summers and gentle winters,
            found in regions near the sea. Syn. oceanic.

            maritime law LAW & SHIPG. a branch of com-
            mercial or mercantile law that deals with ships,
            their operation, navigation and trading activi-
            ties. Syn. marine law.

            maritime lien see under lien.

            maritime mortgage see under mortgage.

            mark (1) STK. EXCH. an official record of a deal
            in securities, sometimes used as a measure
            of business activity on the Stock Exchange: -
            Today's marks were over 3000 lower than on last

            market - 335

            Monday. (2) IND. see hallmark. (3) LAW & COM.
            see trade-mark.

            mark-down Com. a reduction in price, usu. to
            encourage a quick sale. The amount of the
            mark-down may be expressed as a percentage
            either of the former price, e.g. a reduction from
            £1 to 75p is a 25% mark-down; or of the reduced
            price, here 334%. Cf. mark-up. |

            mark down v. COM. to reduce the price (of goods,
            securities, etc.). Opp. mark up.

            marked cheque see under cheque.

            marked notes FIN. & LAW bank-notes marked
            by the police to catch a thief.

            marked price see under price.

            marked share see under share.

            market (1) CoM. a place where buyers and sellers
            come together to trade in goods; the building,
            open space or town where they meet to trade;
            and the persons, buyers and sellers, who form
            a group to buy and sell a particular commodity.
            (2) the total public demand for an article or
            commodity. To be in the market, wanting to
            buy. To be/to come on (to) the market, to be for
            sale: able to be bought. To put on the market,
            to offer for sale. See market town; down-mar-
            ket; up-market. Syn. mart. Abbr. mkt. (3) ECON.
            THEORY an organized group of buyers and sel-
            lers of a particular economic good who are
            sufficiently in touch with each other personally
            or by telephone for all to know the current
            conditions of demand and supply, so that there
            is only one price, called the market price, for
            the good. (4) the present or possible future
            demand for a commodity. (5) STK. & COMMOD.
            EXCH. the organized group of professional
            buyers and sellers who trade together in securit-
            ies or commodities, such as the London money
            market, the Liverpool grain and cotton mar-
            kets. To buy/sell at the market, at the best price
            obtainable. To make a market; to bring into
            existence an active market for a new issue of
            a security by exciting public interest in it. To
            play the market, to speculate (to buy and sell
            for immediate gain, not for regular income).
            To stand in the market, to declare in the stock
            exchange an interest in buying all shares in a
            stated company that may be offered.
            active market STK. EXCH. (a) the market that
            exists for certain popular stocks and shares
            which are frequently changing hands and can
            therefore always be bought. Syn. free market.
            Opp. limited market. (6) a market that is in a
            state of activity, with much business being
            done.
            bear market STK. EXCH. a market in which
            prices are tending to fall. One in which there
            are many bears. Syn. a down market. Cf. bull
            market.
            black market CoM. unlawful trading in goods
            that are scarce, either because supplies are
            officially rationed or forbidden, or because pri-



                evince -p 347 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            336 - market

            ces are controlled by government order. Black
            marketeer, a person who trades in the black
            market, esp. one who makes his living thus.

            Cf. open market; grey market. | |
            bull market STK. EXCH. a market in which prices

            are tending to rise. One in which there are
            many bulls. Syn. an up market. Cf. bear mar-
            sities market ECON. a market in which the
            supply of goods is plentiful; buyers can there-
            fore influence sellers to compete with each
            other in forcing down prices. Buyers’ markets
            that exist for a long time are a sign of economic
            slump. A/so buyer’s market. Cf. sellers’ market.
            capital market see separate entry.

            cash market COMMOD. EXCH. the dealings that
            take place on a commodity exchange on con-
            dition that the buyer pays cash immediately or
            as soon as he gets the documents which give
            him the right to possess the goods. Syn. spot
            market. Cf. futures market.

            closed market COM. a country or area which a
            monopolist, such as the owner of a copyright
            or patent, has declared to be closed to all
            producers and sellers except himself or his
            licensee.

            commodity market see separate entry.

            Common Market see European Economic
            Community; CARICOM.

            depressed market see separate entry.

            discount market see separate entry.

            down market STK. EXCH. a bear market (see
            above).

            finance market FIN. one of several markets
            where money is dealt in as a commodity, where
            people who can provide money meet others
            who need to use it and are willing to pay for
            its use. See capital market; discount market;
            foreign-exchange market; money market
            below; securities market under stock exchange.
            firm market one in which prices stay firm, i.e.
            do not change much, showing that supply and
            demand are in balance. Cf. soft market.

            flea market one held usu. in a street, where the
            traders sell cheap second-hand and perh. stolen
            goods.

            foreign-exchange market see separate entry.
            forward market see foreign-exchange market.
            fourth market (U.S.A.) STK. EXCH. the market
            in which unlisted securities are traded privately
            between brokers and clients without using the
            more normal trading methods, such as the
            national stock exchanges. Cf. third market.
            free market (a) ECON. a market in which buyers
            and sellers are free of interference and control
            and are therefore able to determine the market
            price according to the forces of supply and
            demand. Syn. open market. (5) BKG. in the
            foreign-exchange market, a situation where the
            trai pacpanae between two currencies is free
            ss fall according to the forces of supply

            eee.
            Me os ce,
            a

            r
            i‘
            “ I aim,
            7 =
            = i
            = =

            and demand. (c) STK. EXCH. the market for a
            security that is always active, there being many
            people interested in buying or selling the secu-
            rity, and the amount offered being enough to
            satisfy a relatively large demand. Cf. limited
            market. Syn. active market.

            fringe market COM. any market that exists for
            a commodity in addition to its main market.
            For example, the market for small containers
            of liquid gas for filling cigarette lighters is 4
            fringe market for industrial gases.

            futures market COMMOD. EXCH. the market for
            futures (contracts to buy or sell a commodity
            at a stated price at some future time). See
            commodity exchanges. omy

            grey market COM. lawful trading in goods that
            are scarce at a particular time and therefore
            command a much higher price than is normal.
            Also gray market (mainly U.S.A.). Cf. black
            market.

            heavy market see separate entry. |
            imperfect market ECON. THEORY a market in
            which conditions of imperfect competition
            exist. See imperfect competition under compe-
            tition.

            insurance market see Lloyd’s.

            kerb market see separate entry.

            labour market ECON. the market for the services
            of workers, i.e. labour considered as one of the
            factors of production. The labour market is a
            very general concept (idea), being the arrange-
            ments by which the demand for, and the supply
            of, labour are brought together. It consists of
            large groups of persons, one group wanting the
            services of workers of all kinds, and the other
            wanting employment for their own services.
            limited market STK. EXCH. a market for a par-
            ticular security for which it is difficult to find
            buyers and sellers. Cf. free market; active mar-
            ket.

            loan market see separate entry.

            money market FIN. the market for short-term
            loans, in which the commodity is credit, the
            buyers are bill-brokers, discount and accept-
            ance houses, and the sellers are the banks.
            See also Lombard Street. Nowadays it is an
            international network of investors doing busi-
            ness by telephone, trading mainly in instru-
            ments issued only by governments, banks, and
            companies of the highest creditworthiness,
            maturing in less than 12 months, and in units
            of at least US$100,000.

            mortgage market FIN. the general coming to-
            gether of persons and organizations wishing to
            borrow, and those wishing to lend, on mort-
            gage. In England the demand for mortgages
            is supplied mainly by the building societies,
            finance houses, local government authorities,
            life insurance companies and commercial
            banks. In Scotland many solicitors arrange
            mortgages between their clients. In U.S.A.


                evince -p 348 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            oO S—“

            ages are financed by life insurance
            companies, savings and loan associations,
            mutual savings banks, the commercial banks
            and certain Federal government organizations.
            narrow market see separate entry.

            new issue market see separate entry.

            off-board market see over-the-counter market
            below. , )
            off-market FIN. (of rates of interest) special;
            different from those current in the money mar-

            most mortg

            ket.

            open market COM. (a) see free market (a) above.

            (b) a country or area in which by agreement,
            several manufacturers or their agents are free

            to compete with each other in selling their
            products. Cf. restricted market; closed market;
            black market; grey market. See market-shar-
            ing. (c) see market overt.

            organized market one where business is con-
            trolled by rules set by the body to whom all
            principal buyers and sellers belong, such as
            stock and commodity exchanges.

            over-the-counter market STK. EXCH. a market
            run by dealers mainly in securities that are
            unlisted and are therefore not dealt in on the
            stock exchanges. Syn. (U.S.A.) off-board mar-
            ket. Abbr. O.T.C. market. Cf. unlisted securit-

            ies market.

            perfect market ECON. THEORY a market in which
            perfect competition exists. See perfect compe- |
            tition under competition. |
            piece market see under piece. |
            primary market that part of the money market |
            (see above) in which instruments are sold by |
            the issuer direct to the investor. Cf. secondary
            market below.

            produce market any commodity market other |
            than one dealing in metals.

            ready market one in which goods are quickly
            and easily sold.

            reserved market see restricted market below.
            restricted market COM. a market into which a
            producer has agreed with one or more other |
            producers to restrict (limit) his selling, in order

            to avoid competition. Syn. reserved market.
            See market-sharing.

            secondary market that part of the money mar- |
            ket (see above) in which investors and brokers |
            buy and sell between themselves without the
            Original issuer being concerned. Cf. primary
            market above.

            securities market see stock exchange; alsokerb_
            market.

            sellers’ market ECON. a market in which there

            is a scarcity in the supply of goods, and sellers
            can therefore influence buyers to compete with
            cach other in forcing up prices. Also seller’s
            market. Cf. buyers’ market.

            share market see stock market below.

            soft market a market in which prices are f. alling
            because supply is greater than demand. Cf.


            marketing - 337

            firm market.
            speculative market a market in which specu-
            lation regularly takes place.
            spot market see cash market above ; also foreign-
            exchange market.
            stock market a stock exchange; the business of
            dealing in stocks and shares. Syn. share market.
            street market (a) STK. EXCH. see kerb market.
            (b) COM. an open-air market held in a street,
            not in a market square or market hall, where
            a variety of goods is sold.
            swaps market see separate entry.
            terminal market COMMOD. EXCH. in Britain, a
            market in which dealings are mainly in futures,
            esp. in such commodities as rubber and sugar.
            third market (U.S.A.) STK. EXCH. the market
            in which listed securities are traded privately
            between brokers and clients, using neither the
            national stock exchanges nor the market in
            unlisted securities. Cf. fourth market.
            Unlisted Securities Market see separate entry.

            marketable (1) able to be sold easily and
            quickly. N. marketability. Syn. tradeable. (2)
            STK. EXCH. securities which can be bought and
            sold in large quantities without attracting the
            attention of the market and thus without alter-
            ing the price. A stock which is not marketable
            is said to be narrow, i.e. it can only be traded
            in small blocks.

            marketable security see under securities.

            marketable title see under title.

            market capitalization see capitalization (2).

            market day see market town.

            market demand ECON. the total demand from
            all consumers. See consumer demand. Syn.
            individual demand.

            marketeer COM. & ECON. (1) a person who trades
            in a market: a black marketeer. (2) a person
            who favours a particular market or kind of
            market: A common marketeer, a person in
            favour of (Britain’s) membership of the Euro-
            pean Common Market.

            marketer COM. a person or organization that
            buys or sells goods or services in a market, esp.
            one whose business it is to sell a product in a
            market.

            market fluctuations see fluctuations.

            market garden a piece of land on which vege-
            tables and fruit are grown for sale in a nearby
            market, not mainly for use in the grower’s
            home. Syn. (U.S.A.) truck farm.

            preted COM. (esp. U.S.A.) shopping;

            8 goods in a market, esp. fresh food,

            groceries and other goods needed for a house-
            hold. He goes marketing twice a week. Mother
            does the marketing every morning. (2) COM. &
            ADVTG. activities intended to make and attract
            a profitable demand for a product by means
            such as advertising, sales promotion, pricing,
            carrying out market research, and developing
            and testing new products. See also direct sale


                evince -p 349 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &


            eting boards

            ing goods from
            i M. & TRANSPT. MOVINE ¢ n
            se pscnliaae! The marketing of agri
            pr .
            cultural produce. pee ane
            ing boards COM. -
            a Tainatione set up with Re RA bute
            i bal producers of a commodity to dis a,
            oa 7 their product. In Britain, such
            ave) e.g. eggs, milk, potatoes,

            et up for,
            ornene week See Agricultural Marketing

            ds.
            ard. Syn. producers’ boar ;
            aren co-operative see under co-operat

            as a phrase first used by

            marketing mix IND. 3 ,
            Borden in the 1960s to describe the marketing

            variables which a company may skilfully use
            in order to strengthen demand for its products.
            Following the later work of MacCarthy, these
            are usu. stated as product, price, promotion
            and place (i.e. distribution channel), and are
            often referred to as ‘The Four Ps’.
            marketing research see market research.
            market-maker STK. EXCH. (1) a dealer or broker
            who buys or sells unlisted shares, i.e. of com-
            panies that are not listed on the stock exchange.
            (2) any dealer who buys and sells shares of any
            kind on his own account and not as a broker
            (who buys and sells for other persons).
            market order see under order (6).
            market overt com. (1) a public market where
            goods are openly offered for sale. (2) one of
            several markets in England where by ancient
            custom special legal protection is given to a
            buyer of goods, such as allowing him the legal
            right to keep possession of any goods he buys,
            even if they were stolen; but he must have
            acted in good faith, honestly and without
            deceit, when he bought them, and the thief
            must have been caught and convicted.
            market penny (collog.) a secret commission
            which used to be given by some shopkeepers
            to servants of wealthy households who bought
            goods from them.
            market-place com. (1) an open space, usu. in
            a town, where a market is regularly held. Syn.
            market square. (2) generally, that part of the
            business world consisting of people who buy
            and sell, esp. retailers and the public. The
            ever-changing situation in the market-place. Also
            marketplace; market place.
            market, playing the see playing the market(s):
            market (5).
            market price see under price.
            market rate (of discount) see discount rate.
            ine i ay interest) see interest rate.
            i ace, : — report that gives detailed
            the stock and a aate of a market, esp.
            nd commodity exchanges and the

            338 - mark

            Ces, rates of discount and interest
            sent and possible future

            8eneral account of pre


            s appear daily in the ¢;
            ea ; a tine i erentiorapictay 2
            Poe veesarch MAN. the work of finding oy;
            a. kind of goods consumers want, what the
            a willing to spend and how to persuade them
            to buy. This information is used by many.
            facturers before producing a new product ang
            putting it on the market. The work is done }
            market researchers who make a market Survey, |
            using various methods such as questioning
            large numbers of possible consumers and
            retailers, and market tests, testing the marke
            by selling the product in a small area. See also
            competitor analysis; canvasser. Syn. marketing
            h.
            . eral deatjanviies see segmentation.
            market share com. the proportion of the total
            demand (for a product) that is supplied by a
            particular manufacturer or brand.
            market-sharing COM. an arrangement between
            two or more producers to avoid competition
            between them by sharing the market for their
            product. Each producer sells his product only
            into one particular area or country called a
            restricted or reserved market and not into any
            other. For example one producer may sell only
            into South America while the other may sell
            only into North America, and so on. Any area
            into which they agree that both may sell is
            called an open market. Cf. closed market.
            markets, playing the see playing the mar-
            ket(s).
            Markets, Say’s Law of see Say, Jean-Baptiste.
            market structure MAN. an organizational struc-
            ture or framework in which the company is
            divided into units which each serve a particular
            market. Each unit will therefore have its own
            production and/or marketing departments, etc.
            Cf. functional structure.
            market survey see market research.
            market town a town in which one or more
            markets are regularly held on fixed market da ys
            in a building (a market hall or market house) or
            an open space (a market-place or market square
            Or street market) specially reserved by the town
            authorities and arranged for selling certain
            cri €.g. a cattle market or corn market or
            ay market.
            market value accts. the sum of money that
            could be obtained for an asset if it were sold
            in the market at a certain time; it is usu. the

            market price (the price current in the market)
            at that time.

            marking stTK. EXCH. the

            every deal and the price
            The details are

            marking clerk.
            markings pl. the official number of deals taking
            place in any one day’s trading.

            Mark Lane COMMOD. EXCH. a street in the City
            of London in which many corn- and grain-

            Official record kept of
            at which it was made.
            written on a marking slip by a


                evince -p 350 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            brokers have their offices. For this reason the
            name is popularly used to refer to the corn and
            grain market. :

            marks (1) COM. & SHIPG. special marks painted
            on crates and packing-cases sent by ship, and
            sometimes by air, so that the persons handling
            the cargo can recognize to whom they belong.
            The marks usu. consist of the consignee’s
            initials within a square, circle or diamond. The
            mark appears also on the export invoice, the
            bill of lading, and other shipping documents
            relating to the shipment. (2) COM. & IND. trade-
            marks. (3) LAW see merchandise marks.

            mark, standard see standard mark.

            mark-up 7. COM. & STK. EXCH. the amount which
            a retailer adds to the price he has paid for an
            article before he sells it to his customer. This
            amount is also known as the value added and
            normally consists of (a) a sum to cover the
            retailer's overheads (the costs of running his
            business) and (5) his profit. See also margin (3).

            mark up v. COM. & STK. EXCH. (1) to increase the
            price of (goods, securities, etc.). Opp. mark
            down. (2) to charge to someone’s account: We
            shall mark up the cost of the clothes to your
            account.

            marriage bureau MAN. & FIN. (collog.) an organ-
            ization which acts as an agent between inves-
            tors and companies needing investment.

            marriage portion see dowry.

            marriage settlement see under settlement (4).

            Marshall (Aid) Plan ECON. HIST. economic
            help given by the U.S.A. mainly to countries
            in Europe to help to rebuild their economies
            after the Second World War. The three-year
            plan was administered in the U.S.A. by the
            E.C.A. (European Co-operation Adminis-
            tration) and in Europe by the O.E.E.C.
            (Organization for European Economic Co-
            operation). The help was in the form of money,
            goods and technical advice, and was directed
            to increasing industrial and agricultural pro-
            duction, rebuilding internal finances and
            encouraging international trade. Syn. Euro-
            pean Economic Recovery Programme.

            Marshall Alfred (1842-1924), English classical
            economist, Professor of Political Economy at
            Cambridge (1885-1908). His most famous
            book, Principles of Economics (1890), intro-
            duced a number of entirely new concepts
            (ideas) that had a great influence on the study
            of economics and made him the leading auth-
            ority of his time. He was the first to put forward
            the idea of consumer’s surplus, elasticity of
            demand, quasi-rent, and the representative
            firm; and he drew attention to the important
            part played by time in the decisions made
            oa entrepreneur. His other books include
            pie gies and Trade (1919) and Money, Credit

            merce (1923). He set up the Cambridge


            mass production - 339

            or Neo-Classical School. See Cambridge
            School.

            Marshallian School (of economic thought) see
            Cambridge School.

            Mars’s Boomerang see under Organization,
            Laws of.

            mart com. (1) a busy trading and commercial
            centre, usu. a large town, esp. a port. (2) an
            auction room; also a shop or store: The Car
            Mart. (3) an old-fashioned word for market,
            market-place.

            Martinmas see quarter-day. | |

            Marx Karl (1818-83), German economist, sociol-
            ogist and political writer, founder of the Marx-
            ist movement and modern socialism. After
            studying at Bonn and Berlin, and working as
            a journalist in Paris and Brussels, he settled in
            London to write his Critique of Political Econ-
            omy (1859) and later his famous book Capital
            in four volumes published over the years 1867
            to 1910. Moved by a strong desire for justice
            for the poor and suffering, he attacked the
            immoral spirit of the businessmen who ruled
            the capitalist commercial system of his times,
            and he held out socialism as the road to
            improvement. His economic argument
            depends on the Labour Theory of Value and
            his Theory of Surplus Value, the surplus that
            enriches the capitalist at the expense of the
            worker. He called for revolution (overthrow of
            the government by force) to get rid of the few
            owners of the means of production, and the
            setting up of a dictatorship of the proletariat,
            to be followed by a fully socialist system with
            a Classless society.

            Marxian see Marxist.

            Marxism the political, social and economic
            teachings of Karl Marx and his followers, esp.
            Friedrich Engels. See Marx, Karl. Marxian
            economic teaching is mainly based on the
            Labour Theory of Value.

            Marxist . a supporter of Marxism.
            adj. of, relating to, supporting, Marxism. Syn.
            Marxian.

            Mashreq the countries in the eastern part of the
            Arab World. Cf. Maghreb.

            Maslow Abraham (1920— ) American psychol-
            ogist whose theory of motivation (1954) is now
            behind much modern thinking about mana-
            gerial and consumer motivation. His theory is
            based upon a graded system of needs, starting
            with the most basic survival needs, each of
            which, he argues, must be met before the next
            set of needs may be attended to or satisfied.

            Mass. Massachusetts, U.S.A.

            mass advertising see under advertising.

            mass media see advertising media; admass.

            mass production IND. & ECON. organized and
            rapid production of very large quantities of a
            standard article or commodity, using all pos- 7
            sible means to keep down the unit cost, such |


                evince -p 351 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &


            340 - master

            as fast machinery, special tool
            processes and a high degree O
            ri usu. male, who employs,

            ster n. a person,
            catia or commands others such as ene
            and other workers. The head of a family. ve

            of a ship).

            pepe i orker, qualified to work

            dj. (1) of a skilled w york
            es supervision and to teach apprentices.
            A master craftsman. (2) very highly skilled in

            and sciences: A master musician.
            joe Servant, Law of Law a branch of
            the law that deals with the special relationship
            between employer and employee, also called
            the Law of Service. This relationship exists
            when one person, the master, has the right to
            control the way in which another person, the
            servant, shall act. Thus, besides domestic ser-
            vants, any employee who is paid a wage or
            salary, such as a clerk, waiter or factory-wor-
            ker, is legally the servant of his employer;
            and both master and servant have duties and
            responsibilities towards each other. Doctors,
            lawyers, architects and free-lance artists are
            not legally servants but independent contrac-
            tors who are not subject to the Law of Master
            and Servant.
            master builder IND. a building contractor.
            master copy the original copy of a document
            from which more copies are prepared on dupli-
            cators or by some photocopying processes.
            master mariner see under mariner.
            master (of a ship) sHIPG. the officer who com-
            mands a merchant ship. He is responsible to
            the owners for the management, safety, and
            navigation of the ship, and has special powers
            over the crew and cargo. He is allowed by
            custom the title of captain. Cf. shipping-mas-
            ter. See captain.
            Master of the Rolls see Court of Appeal.
            master porter SHIPG. an employee of a dock
            company who is responsible for controlling the
            unloading, sorting and removal of cargo from
            a ship.
            master trust see fund of funds.
            matching accts. the generally accepted rule
            in accounting that all expenses and revenues
            relating to a particular transaction should be
            shown together, or ‘matched’, in order that the
            net profit or loss of the transaction may be
            calculated.
            matching duty see countervailing duty.
            mate SHIPG. a high-ranking officer on a ship,
            next in rank to the captain or master. Syn. first
            officer. On large ships there are several such
            ee called first mate, second mate, and so

            mate’s receipt a receipt given to a carrier and
            signed by, or for, the mate of a ship for goods
            delivered direct to the ship and not through a
            warehouse. A mate’s receipt is a temporary

            s, continuous
            f division of

            document of title for use until the bill of lading |
            is complete. Abbr. M.R.; M/R.
            material fact (1) INSCE. any important fac;
            which must by law be declared by a person
            making a proposal for an insurance, in order
            that the underwriter may properly decide |
            whether to accept the risk and, if so, what the
            rate of premium and other conditions shall be.
            (2) STK. EXCH. important information about the
            company, that must by law be made known by
            a company issuing a prospectus. (3) Law ina
            lawsuit or criminal trial, facts given by a wit-
            ness that are so important that they could
            influence the decision of the court.
            materiality AccTs. the generally accepted rule
            in accounting that, for the sake of clarity, only
            really important items should be shown in
            financial statements. E.g. the fitting of a new
            front door to an office building improves the
            asset, and strictly speaking the asset should be
            revalued at the cost of the door, but this is not
            shown as it is of relatively small importance.
            materials, bill of see bill of quantities.
            materials buyer IND. an employee in a factory,
            who is responsible for buying the materials
            needed for production. It is his duty to buy
            materials at the lowest price and yet of accept-
            able quality, and to make sure that they arrive
            in good time and in the right quantities. See
            materials control. Syn. procurement officer;
            purchasing officer.
            materials control (1) IND. a system of control-
            ling the amount of each material held in Stock,
            with the aim of avoiding locking up capital
            in unnecessary stocks, yet making sure that
            enough of the right materials is available for
            production when needed. Syn. stock control:
            inventory control. (2) a system of checking the
            quality of materials bought.
            materials handling IND. the movement of
            materials from one part of a factory to another,
            or from one factory to another factory within
            the same organization.
            matériel (French) MAN. all the material things
            necessary for the running of a business, as
            opposed to personnel, i.e. human beings.
            maternity benefit INsce. in Britain, a sum
            of money paid, under the national insurance
            scheme, to a mother on the birth of each child.
            maternity leave MAN. the period of absence
            granted to a female employee to have a child,

            after which period the employee may resume
            her job.

            mathematical
            M.A.T.LF. M

            Financiers.

            matrix structure MAN. an organizational struc-
            ture or framework in which a company has
            two types of Management structures. E.g. a
            company may be divided into operating units

            economics see econometrics.
            arché 4 Terme d’Instruments

            in several countries, but also divided into a unit


                evince -p 352 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &


            ach type of product. The manager
            responsible for a product in a single country
            therefore has to report to the managers respon-
            sible for the country and for the product. Cf.

            hierarchical structure. 2
            mature v. BKG. & COM. In business, esp. regard-

            ing bills of exchange or insurance policies, to
            become due for payment.

            maturity BKG., INSCE., STK. EXCH. the date on
            which a bill of exchange, promissory note,
            ‘nsurance policy, debenture or loan stock
            becomes due for payment or repayment.

            maturity yield see redemption yield under yield.

            Maugham’s Muffler see under Organization,
            Laws of.

            Maundy money see under money.

            max. maximum.

            maximize to make as big as possible: To maxim-
            ize profits/output. Opp. minimize.

            maximum the greatest possible quantity, value
            or degree. The maximum retail prices of milk
            and bread are fixed by the government. Opp.
            minimum. Abbr. max. Cf. optimum.

            maximum price see under price.

            m.b., m/b., M.B. motor boat; motor barge.

            M.B.A. Master of Business Administration.

            M.B.O. management by objectives; manage-
            ment buyout.

            m/c. motor cycle; machine.

            M.C.A. monetary compensatory amount.

            McFadden Act BKG. in U.S.A., an important
            law passed in 1927 and still in force, that
            made it illegal for an American bank to have
            branches outside the state in which it was
            incorporated. But some banks have found ways
            to get round this law. (Formerly called the
            Pepper-McFadden Act after the Congressmen
            who presented and supported the law.) Cf.
            Glass-Steagall Act.

            mchy. machinery.

            m/cs. machines.

            MD, Md. Maryland, U.S.A.

            M/d months (after) date.

            M.D. memorandum of deposit; malicious dam-
            age; doctor of medicine; managing director.

            M.D.H.B. Mersey Docks and Harbour Board.

            mdise. merchandise.

            mdnt. midnight.

            mdse. merchandise.

            ME, Me. Maine, U.S.A.

            mean adj. selfish; unwilling to give or spend
            money: He is too mean to buy me a drink. Syn.
            stingy.
            n. an average quantity or number. See arith-
            metic mean; geometric mean; harmonic mean;
            quadratic mean. Syn. average. Cf. median;
            mode.
            v. to intend: To mean to write to him.
            to mean business (co/log.) to intend to act firmly
            in a difficult situation.

            mean price STK. EXCH. the market price of a

            managing ¢


            mediation - 341

            security calculated by taking the average of the
            jobber’s buying and selling prices. Syn. middle
            market price.

            neans FIN. the amount of a person’s wealth, in
            the form of income and assets: He is a man of
            means, he is rich, wealthy. J have no private —
            means, I have no income other than my pay.

            neans test FIN. an examination of the income
            and assets of a person and his family to deter-
            mine whether he may rightfully be given cer-
            tain allowances or benefits.

            measurement goods sHIPG. goods that are
            light but bulky (take up much space), such as
            wood pulp, and are therefore carried as cargo
            on payment of a freight rate based on a
            measurement ton of 40 cubic feet. See freight
            ton under ton.

            measurement ton see freight ton under ton.

            measures see weights and measures.

            mechanic’s lien see under lien.

            med., Med. medium (size); (collog.) Mediter-
            ranean sea.

            media pi. (1) ADVTG. means of spreading infor-
            mation. See advertising (1); advertising media;
            admass. (2) COMP. the material on which data
            is stored, e.g. magnetic disk. Sing. medium.

            media analysis ADVTG. the scientific study of
            the relative effectiveness of the various advert-
            ising media, esp. in making a particular pro-
            duct more widely known to the public. Syn.
            media research.

            median in a set of variables arranged in increas-
            ing or decreasing order of value, the value of
            the variable in the middle, i.e. that divides the
            set into two equal parts, with an equal number
            of values below it and above it. In a set of
            eleven variables so arranged, the median will
            be the sixth, there being five values below and
            five above it. If there is an even number of
            variables in the set, the median 1s the arithme-
            tic mean of the two middle numbers. The
            median being the middle value, half-way
            between the lowest and the highest, its useful-
            ness depends entirely on its position in the set.
            Cf. mode; quartile.

            media planning ADVTG. the process of deter-
            mining, on the basis of the cost and coverage
            of the alternative advertising media, where
            advertisements will be placed. An advertising
            agency’s media department should be able to
            get discounts on the standard prices charged
            by the media because it buys so much space
            for all its clients.

            mediate possession see under possession (3).

            mediation IND. REL. the act of a person, called
            a mediator, who brings together the two parties
            to an industrial dispute with the aim of settling
            their differences. If he has power to make
            the parties obey his decision, he is called an
            arbitrator and the process is arbitration. If he
            can do no more than suggest a settlement, he


                evince -p 353 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            342 - medical certificate

            ia iliator and the process is conciliation.
            aa a april Advisory, Con-
            iliati nd Arbitration Service. —
            ooo cauiaeets MAN. a note signed by a
            doctor formally declaring that a certain a eo
            e.g. an employee, iS unable to work, or ie ) :
            to perform only light duties, because of illness
            or injury. ise om
            medical examination an examination of a
            person by a doctor to decide the state of the
            person’s health. Cf. medical inspection.
            medical expenses policy see under insurance
            policy.
            medical inspection a close and critical exam-
            ination by a doctor or health official of a place,
            building, ship, etc. to see whether it is in a
            healthy condition for human beings to work or
            live in. Cf. medical examination.
            medical insurance see health insurance under
            insurance, classes and kinds of.
            medicine see industrial medicine.
            medium-dated securities see mediums.
            medium of exchange see exchange, medium
            of.
            medium of instruction see language of
            instruction under language.
            mediums STK. EXCH. in Britain, gilt-edged and
            other fixed-interest securities repayable in five
            to fifteen years from the present time. Cf.
            longs; shorts. |
            meet (1) to settle: To meet a bill/debt/instalment/
            interest payment, to pay it when due. (2) to
            satisfy: This new product meets a need/demand.
            meeting see company meeting; board of direc-
            tors.
            meeting of creditors LAw (1) in the case of a
            debtor against whom a receiving order has
            recently been made, a meeting of his creditors
            called by the official receiver and presided over
            by him, at which the creditors and the debtor
            decide whether to accept a scheme of arrange-
            ment or whether the debtor shall be declared
            bankrupt. See bankruptcy. (2) in the case of
            a company in liquidation, a meeting of the
            company’s creditors called by the official
            receiver to decide whether to apply to the court
            to appoint a liquidator in place of the official
            receiver. If a liquidator is appointed, he may
            call further general meetings of the creditors.
            See winding-up.
            mega- (1) prefix meaning one million. (2) in the
            metric system of S.I. units, one million times
            or x 10°, e.g. i megawatt = 1,000,000 watts;
            1 megatonne = 1,000,000 tonnes. (3) in relation
            to computers, approximately one million, e.g.
            megabyte = approx. | million bytes; megabit,
            see bit. (4) (in more general uses) very large,
            €.g. megatanker, a very big tanker; megalopolis,
            a very large city; megafirm, a very large firm.
            mem. memorandum.
            member bank BKG. (1) in U.S.A., a commercial

            bank that is a member of the Federal Resery
            System. (2) in Britain, a commercial ban, that |
            is a member of the London Bankers’ Clearin |
            House: a clearing bank. S
            member of a company STK. EXCH, a
            holder in a company. The persons Signing the
            Memorandum of Association of a compa
            become its first members. Any persons allotted
            or coming into possession of shares jp the
            company become members as soon ag thei,
            name is recorded in the company’s register of
            members or share register. |
            membership (1) the state of being a membe,
            of an organization such as a society, cyt
            partnership, company. (2) the whole group of
            members of an organization: The trade unio,
            has a membership of 200,000, it has 200,009
            members.
            members, register of see register of members,
            members’ voluntary liquidation see volun-
            tary winding-up under winding-up.
            memo. memorandum.
            memorandum (1) (a note of) something to be
            remembered, esp. for future action: Travellers
            keep a memorandum of their daily expenses and
            write out a claim every month. (2) a short infor-
            mal note or report on some deal or event or
            conversation. (3) an informal written or typed
            message to someone 1n the same office or organ-
            ization, sent in place of a letter. P/. memor-
            anda; memorandums. Abbr. memo.; mem.
            memorandum cheque see under cheque.
            Memorandum of Association LAW & MAN.
            an important and essential document in which
            the persons associating together to form a new
            company set down in detail the objects of the
            company, its name, and the country in which
            its registered office will be, whether the liability
            of its members will be limited, the amount of
            its authorized capital and the number and
            value of its shares. The Memorandum is one
            of the documents sent to the Registrar of Com-
            panies in Britain with the application for a
            Certificate of Incorporation. Cf. Articles of
            Association.
            memorandum of deposit BKG. a document
            signed by a person who deposits stocks, shares
            and other negotiable instruments as security
            for a loan from a bank. The document records
            in detail the conditions on which the loan is
            made and gives the bank the powers it needs
            to sell the things deposited if the loan is not
            repaid when due. Cf. certificate of deposit.
            Syn. letter of deposit. Abbr. M.D.
            Memorandum of Satisfaction Law a formal
            notice sent to the Registrar of Companies by
            a company whenever any mortgage or other
            charge, such as debentures or debenture stock,
            has been satisfied, i.e. paid off, wholly or partly.
            memory COMP. in a computer, the central sto-
            rage unit that holds data (information) in

            Share.


                evince -p 354 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            ‘ne language, on magnetic cores, tapes,
            pore ieee a such a form that the data
            can later be quickly found and used. Also

            bank.
            amar memory storage Over and above the
            primary memory built into the computer. It is
            usu. on exchangeable or floppy disks. |
            primary memory the main storage in which
            programs and data are stored and executed.
            random access memory temporary storage con-
            trolled by the program. The data held is lost
            when the power supply is cut off unless it has
            been transferred to primary memory. Abbr.
            RAM; ram.
            virtual memory additional primary memory
            made available to the user through the use of
            appropriate software.

            Menger Karl (1840-1921), Austrian economist,
            Professor of Political Economy at Vienna
            (1873-1903). He became famous as leader of a
            group of teachers and writers known as the
            Austrian School. He developed a Theory of
            Value based on utility and consumer satisfac-
            tion, and at about the same time as Jevons and
            Walras, although working independently, he
            produced the Theory of Marginal Utility. See
            Austrian School.

            mentioned see above-mentioned under above.

            menu (1) COM. & TOUR. a list of dishes served in
            a restaurant, showing prices. Syn. bill of fare.
            (2) COMP. a list of functions the computer pro-
            gram is ready to perform, from which the user
            can choose one to execute.

            M.E.P. Member of the European Parliament.

            mercantile Com. commercial; relating to mer-
            chants and trade: A mercantile bank.

            mercantile agent see factor (2).

            mercantile credit see commercial credit (2).

            mercantile credit agency see credit agency.

            mercantile house COM. & IND. any business
            organization carrying on some industrial or
            commercial activity, such as manufacturers,
            wholesalers, retailers, merchants, brokers and
            factors.

            mercantile law see commercial law.

            mercantile marine SHIPG. a country’s mer-
            chant ships and the men who serve in them.
            Syn. merchant marine; merchant navy. Abbr.
            M.M.

            mercantile paper BKG. negotiable instruments
            of a commercial nature, such as commercial
            bills of exchange, promissory notes. Syn. com-
            mercial paper.

            mercantilism ECON. HIST. a name first given by
            Adam Smith in his Wealth of Nations (1776) to
            the economic system current in much of Europe
            from the sixteenth to early eighteenth centuries
            following the gradual end of the feudal system.
            The ‘mercantilists favoured the mercantile
            (trading) classes and gave the highest impor-
            tance to international trade rather than to agri-

            merchantable - 343

            culture; money alone was wealth, and gold and
            silver were essential forms of wealth; a surplus
            balance of trade was necessary to increase the
            country’s stock of gold; exports of manufac-
            tured goods were encouraged but wages had to
            be kept low; imports were kept low by protec-
            tive and other import duties. All this required —
            much public control over prices, wages,
            exports, imports, etc. Mercantilism was
            strongly attacked by the classical economists
            (see Classical School) and was gradually
            replaced by laissez-faire systems during the
            eighteenth century. See also cameralism. |

            nercantilist ECON. a person who believes in,
            supports, mercantilism. Adj. mercantilistic.

            mercer COM. a seller of cloth, esp. of expensive
            silk and woollen materials. The goods he sells
            are called mercery.

            nerchandise n. CoM. goods; esp. manufactured
            articles, that are intended for sale, not for
            the personal use of the present owner: Goods
            imported as merchandise, not as a traveller's
            personal effects. Abbr. mdise.; mdse. Pron. -ize.
            yp. to buy and sell; to trade (in). See merchandis-
            ing.

            merchandise broker see under broker.

            merchandise marks (1) COM. & IND. trade-
            marks. (2) Law Merchandise Marks Acts (from
            1887) a number of laws that prevent the sale
            in Britain of merchandise bearing dishonest
            marks intended to mislead the consumer. If a
            foreign-made article carries the name or trade-
            mark of a person or firm in Britain, or the
            name of a place in Britain, it must also be
            marked with its country of origin.

            merchandiser Com. a trader.

            merchandising com. (1) the active planning
            and organization of various ways of attracting
            the public to buy a particular product in the
            shops such as displays, free samples, free gifts,
            competitions. (2) the planning and develop-
            ment of new products. Cf. marketing; mer-
            chanting.

            merchant 7. Com. (1) a trader who buys goods
            or commodities in large quantities, usu. at his
            own cost, to sell in smaller quantities, esp.
            in foreign trade: A commodity/commission|
            general/paper merchant. See export agent;
            export merchant; import merchant. Syn. a tra-
            der; a wholesale dealer; a wholesaler. (2) a
            shopkeeper; a retailer: A coal merchant.
            adj. relating to trade or commerce. See mer-
            chant bank; guild, etc.
            v. to buy and sell; to trade. See also merchant-
            ing.

            merchantable (1) Com. fit for sale: Made mer-
            chantable, (of damaged goods) repaired and
            made saleable. (2) Law Of merchantable quality,
            in the law relating to the sale of goods, of a
            quality sufficiently good to satisfy the purpose
            for which the buyer intends to use the goods,



                evince -p 355 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            t Adventurers

            or for which the seller intends that they a
            he goods are not good enough [Or
            be used. If the g not, in law,
            the intended purpose they a, we d
            merchantable and ought not to be st a com-
            Merchant Adventurers ECON. em . C we
            any of English merchants who hac a y
            analy in the export trade in woollen cloth
            to the Low Countries and later to Germany
            between 1407 and 1806. It had important trad-
            ing centres on the Continent, esp. in Antwerp
            and Hamburg.
            merchant bank BKG. any of a number of banks
            ‘n Britain that formerly acted as financiers
            to foreign governments but are now mainly
            commercial organizations specializing in the
            raising of capital for industry, the financing
            of international trade by accepting bills of
            exchange, and in servicing (arranging and
            managing) home and overseas loans. See
            accepting house. Merchant banks accept some
            deposits from the public, deal in foreign ex-
            change and bullion, arrange Euromarket loans,
            act as confirming houses for overseas buyers of
            British products, raise capital for companies
            by acting as issuing houses, keep the share
            registers of certain companies, act as financial
            advisers, manage investment trusts and unit
            trusts, and may themselves own and deal in
            securities. Cf. merchant banker.
            merchant banker see merchant bank.
            merchant guild see guild.
            merchanting Com. buying and selling; trading.
            Merchanting house, a commercial organization
            trading with foreign countries in large quantit-
            ies of goods, with activities that include import-
            ing, exporting, shipping, banking and
            insurance. Cf. merchandising.
            merchantman SHIPG. a merchant ship, esp. a
            cargo vessel.
            merchant marine see mercantile marine.
            merchant navy see mercantile marine. Abbr.
            M.N.
            merchant prince COM. a very powerful and
            wealthy merchant.
            merchant service see mercantile marine.
            merchant ship SHIPG. a ship used in commerce;
            a cargo vessel or passenger liner, not a man-of-
            war. Syn. merchantman.
            merchant shipper see export merchant.
            merchant shipping see under shipping.
            merger (1) LAW the ending of an interest in a
            property when the owner becomes the owner
            also of a larger interest in the same property.
            Thus, e.g. when a leaseholder buys the free-
            hold, the leasehold interest is merged (joined,
            combined) in the freehold and no longer has a
            separate existence in law. (2) LAW a simple
            contract is said to be merged when its pro-
            visions have been contained in a specialty
            contract, 1,.€. one in the form of a deed. (3)
            MAN. & FIN. one of two particular forms of

            344 - Merchan

            combination : (a) in one form the ownership of
            two companies, often about equal in size, js
            combined to form one new company, the share-
            holders of both the old companies being given
            shares in the new, and (b) in the other form,
            one company, usu. the larger, obtains the own-
            ership of the other, which then becomes a
            subsidiary company and may or may not keep
            its name. Opp. demerger. |
            conglomerate merger see under conglomerate.
            horizontal merger see horizontal amalgamation
            under amalgamation. |
            shotgun merger (collog.) one where a merger is
            forced by one company on another that does
            not desire it but has not the financial means to
            i pe see vertical amalgamation under
            amalgamation. tg ae
            merger broker MAN. & FIN. an individual or
            organization acting as an agent between poten-
            tial partner companies and helping to arrange
            the merger. oe.
            meridian (1) a great circle (one having its centre

            at the centre of the earth) that passes through
            the North and South Poles. (2) the line of
            longitude of a place.

            Meridian Day the name given to the whole
            day that is gained when a ship crosses the
            international date line from west to east, thus
            avoiding having, e.g., two Mondays in one
            week. The second is called Meridian Day. Syn.
            Antipodes Day.

            merit MAN. a quality deserving reward or praise:
            A merit increase, a special increase in pay given
            to an employee as a reward for excellent work,
            or for services performed beyond the call of
            normal duty. Cf. merit bonus.

            merit bonus see under bonus.

            meritocracy government of a country by per-
            sons chosen from those who have the cleverest
            brains and organizing ability. Such persons are
            meritocrats. Adj. meritocratic.

            Messieurs (French, gentlemen) a form of
            address to a firm, esp. a partnership. In English
            correspondence it is never written in full, but
            always as the abbreviation Messrs. In France,
            the abbreviation is MM.

            Messrs. Messieurs.

            messuage LAw a house where people live, with
            the gardens and buildings that go with it.

            metallic currency see under currency.

            meter n. an instrument for measuring the
            amount of some substance passing through it,
            such as a gas, electricity or water meter, or
            for measuring the passing of time, such as a
            par. king-meter. A coin meter, a meter operated
            by coins. Syn. slot-meter.

            v. to measure (something) with a meter.
            method Study MAN. & IND. the recording and

            examining of ways of doing work, with the aim

            of determining whether it can be done more


                evince -p 356 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            ively. Cf. work study; work
            | cheaply. at organization and method. —
            | meas (French) a person’s trade or profession;
            _ meétier ork he has been trained to do or is
            a : med to do. Pron. may-tiay.
            eae roducts which are imitations of exist-
            pails While me-too products have qual-
            conics are very similar, they may succeed if
            they can offer an advantage in some other area,
            e.g. price OF distribution. | |
            metre the standard unit of length in the metric
            system of S.I. units. It 1s one-thousandth of a
            kjlometre and consists of 100 centimetres. |
            metre = 1.0936133 yards. Abdr. m.

            metric system of S.|. units the modern sys-
            tem of weights and measures that has replaced
            the older metric system first introduced into
            France during the French Revolution. The S.I.
            system is based on the metre (length), kilogram
            (mass), second (time), ampere (electric cur-
            rent), kelvin (thermodynamic temperature),
            and candela (luminous intensity). All other
            units are obtained by multiplying these basic
            units by factors of ten. S.I. is an abbreviation
            of Systéme Internationale.

            metric ton see tonne under ton. Abbr. m.t.

            Metroliner TRANSPT. (U.S.A.) a very fast train,
            part of the Amtrak service.

            metropolis the chief city of a country or region,
            esp. the centre of government or of commerce
            and finance. In Britain, Greater London.

            mfg. manufacturing.

            M.H.W.S. mean high water springs (tides).

            Mi, Mich. Michigan, U.S.A.

            Michaelmas see quarter-day.

            M.1.C.R. magnetic ink character recognition.

            micro- in the metric system of S.I. units, the
            prefix meaning one-millionth (10-°): 1 second
            (s) = 1,000,000 micro-seconds (yu s). Sign: p.

            microchip see chip.

            microcomputer see under computer.

            micro-economics ECON. THEORY that branch
            of economics that examines and explains the
            behaviour of human beings and things in small
            units: e.g. a particular firm, household, or per-
            son, a single commodity, one person’s wage.
            Cf. macro-economics; partial analysis.

            microprocessor see microcomputer under com-
            puter.

            Middle East the countries on the eastern and
            southern shores of the Mediterranean and
            extending eastwards to include Iran, Afghanis-
            tan, and the Arabian peninsula; and south-
            wards to Sudan, Ethiopia and Somalia.

            middleman coM. & ECON. a businessman or
            commercial organization that plays a part in
            the channels of distribution, by which goods
            pass from producer to consumer. Middlemen

            zs useful in buying in bulk from producers,
            ©n anticipating demand, in stocking the
            80ods in places near the market, in breaking

            mile - 345

            bulk, in informing producers of the wants of
            consumers, in sharing risks with producers.
            The following may be classed as middlemen:
            agents, brokers, dealers, factors, jobbers, mer-
            chants, retailers, warehousemen, wholesalers.
            Syn. intermediary; go-between.

            middie management see under management.

            middle market price see under price. |

            middleware Comp. software that has been spe
            cially made to suit a particular kind of hard-
            ware.

            Middx. Middlesex, once a county, now part of
            Greater London.

            Mid-European Time see Central European
            Time.

            Midsummer Day see quarter-day. |

            migrant 7. a person who has moved from his
            own country to settle in another. He is called
            an emigrant in his original country and an
            immigrant in the country in which he settles.
            adj. A migrant worker, a worker who migrated
            from another region or country. Syn. migratory
            worker.

            migrate to move from one region or country to
            live or settle in another. N. migration.

            migratory see migrant, adj.

            milage see mileage. ) A

            milch cattle aGR. cows kept for producing milk.

            mile a unit of distance in common use in Britain,
            the U.S.A., and some other, esp. English-
            speaking, countries; and also in general use by
            navigators everywhere. Abbr. m.
            Admiralty measured mile a sea mile of 6080
            feet = 1853.18 metres, used by the British
            Admiralty until 1970, when it was replaced by
            the international nautical mile (see below).
            air mile see international nautical mile below.
            geographical mile a (U.K...) nautical mile, being
            the length of one minute of latitude at 48°,
            standardized at 6080 feet. Abbr. g. mile.
            international nautical mile since 1970, the stan-
            dard measure of distance used by sea and air
            navigators, replacing the U.K. nautical mile.
            It is the length of one minute of latitude at 45°,
            standardized at 1852 metres exactly, or 1.50779
            statute miles, or 6076.1131 feet. Also air mile.
            land mile see statute mile below.
            nautical mile the standard measure of distance
            formerly used by sea and air navigators; some-
            times called the U.K. nautical mile, it is the
            length of a minute of latitude at 48°, standardi-
            zed at 6080 feet exactly, or 1853.18 metres.
            Since 1970, this unit has been mainly replaced
            by the international nautical mile (see above).
            Also geographical mile.
            sea mile the basic unit of measurement of
            distance at sea, being the length of a minute
            of latitude. A sea mile has no standardized
            length: because the earth is not a true sphere
            but is flattened towards the two poles, the
            length of a minute of latitude varies from


                evince -p 357 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &


            346 - mileage

            | les to 1861 metres at the
            pena eh Bae measure distances i
            the latitude scales printed on chat is; the =“ C :
            allow for variations in the length o a amaute
            at different aes . - wo engi RODS
            Ss ae ectly called mMausrice 5.
            ee ie the U.S.A., and =
            other English-speaking countriés, a unit of dis-
            tance on land equal to 8 furlongs or 1/60 yards
            or 5280 feet or 1.609344 kilometres exactly.
            Syn. land mile. | ,
            Swedish mile a unit of distance on land still
            used in Sweden, equal to 10 kilometres.
            mileage TRANSPT. (1) a number of miles covered,
            such as during a journey or the life of a vehicle:
            A low-mileage car, one that has run relatively
            few miles. (2) a distance expressed in miles:
            The mileage from London to Glasgow by road is
            40]. (3) a charge payable for each mile trav-
            elled; a rate per mile. (4) the average number
            of miles that a motor vehicle will run on one
            gallon of petrol. Also milage.

            military aid see foreign aid.

            milk STK. EXCH. To milk the profits, to draw out,
            extract, drain a company of its profits by taking
            unfair advantage of voting power to pay un-
            reasonably high salaries to the directors, or
            by declaring excessive dividends instead of
            building up reserves. To milk stocks, to reduce
            stocks, usu. to free capital for other uses.

            milk round MAN. the annual tour of the univer-
            sities made by large corporations looking for
            graduate recruits. See also graduate recruit-
            ment.

            mill IND. (1) a factory, esp. one in which cloth
            or paper is made by machinery: A woollen/
            cotton mill. (2) a place or machine for grinding
            substances into powder: A flour mill: or for
            shaping metals: <A rolling mill.

            Mill James (1773-1836), Scottish historian, phi-
            losopher and economist. He wrote an important
            textbook Elements of Political Economy (1821)
            based largely on David Ricardo’s teachings. A
            member of the Classical School, he brought to
            the study of economics the mind of a radical
            philosopher, i.e. one who searches for the ori-
            gin and causes of events in order to make a
            better world.

            Mill John Stuart (1806-73), English philosopher
            and classical economist, son of James Mill (see
            above). He served many years with the East
            India Company in London and later became a
            Member of Parliament. Of the many books he
            wrote, his Principles of Political Econom y (1848)
            was a most important and clearly-written sur-
            vey of the economics of his times: it was
            basically a restatement of the teachings of
            Ricardo but it also contained much original
            thought. See Classical School.

            miller inp. a person who owns or Operates a
            mill, esp. a flour mill.


            milli- in the metric system of S.I. units, the prefix
            meaning one-thousandth (10~°): 1 metre (m)
            = 1000 millimetres (mm). | litre (1) = 1000
            millilitres (ml). Sign: m.
            milliard in Britain, a thousand million,
            1,000,000,000 or 107. In U ‘S.A, and some other
            countries, this number is called a billion
            millionaire a person who possesses One or more
            millions of a certain currency : A dollar million.
            aire. Any very rich person. If he 18 Known
            to possess many millions, he is said to be 4
            multimillionaire.
            mill ream see ream. |
            Mimeograph n. the name of a make of dupli-
            cator using a typewritten or handwritten wax
            stencil. ‘ia hal
            min. minimum; minute; mining; minim.
            Mincing Lane COMMOD. EXCH. the popular
            name for the London Commodity Exchange at
            Plantation House in Mincing Lane, in the City
            of London.
            mini- a prefix meaning very small, very short:
            minibus; minicab; minicar; minicomputer; mini-
            cruise ; minirecession; minitanker. 3
            minibudget PUB. FIN. an additional budget
            adopted by a government usu. when the coun-
            try’s economy is in difficulty. See budget (2).
            minicomputer see under computer. |
            minim the smallest unit in the system of liquid
            measure commonly used in Britain, the U.S.A.
            and some other countries, esp. by pharmacists
            (makers of medicine). 1 fluid ounce (fl. oz.) =
            480 minims (min.). See liquid measure table on
            page 545. Abbr. m; min.
            minimize to make as small as possible: To
            minimize a loss. Opp. to maximize.
            minimum the smallest quantity, value or degree
            possible or allowable. Cf. maximum. Abbr.
            min.
            minimum lending rate BKG. in Britain until
            1981, the lowest rate at which the Bank of
            England would discount approved bills of ex-
            change. In theory, it had to be kept within
            certain limits based on the current average
            discount rate on Treasury bills, but at times,
            esp. under the influence of the government,
            the Bank fixed the rate within a range set by
            other money rates. Like the former bank rate
            which it replaced in 1972, the minimum lend-
            ing rate influenced most other interest rates in
            the money market. See base rate; managed
            Currency under Currency. Abbr. M.L.R.
            Minimum-of-Existence Theory of Wages
            see Subsistence Theory of Wages.
            minimum price see under price.
            minimum wage (1) Law in those industries or
            trades in which wages are low because the
            workers lack bargaining-power, the lowest
            wage that an employer may legally pay to

            an employee. (2) most trade unions settle by
            agreement with employers what shall be the


                evince -p 358 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            —————————

            lowest, or minimum, wage paid to their mem-

            acute (1) in Britain, a person who holds .
            office under the Crown, usu. as head of a
            government department. A cabinet minister is
            4 minister who Is a member of the cabinet, a
            group of leading ministers under the Prime
            Minister, who together govern the country. (2)
            a high government officer sent to represent his
            country in a foreign country. He is next in rank
            below an ambassador and is usu. in charge of
            a legation. (3) a priest (usu. not of the Church
            of England) called a minister of religion if he is
            authorized to lead worship in a church or
            similar religious institution. Syn. pastor.

            Minn. Minnesota, U.S.A.

            minor LAW see infant.

            minority interests STK. EXCH. in a subsidiary
            company that is not wholly owned by the
            holding company, those shareholders who to-
            gether own the shares not held by the holding
            company. Syn. minority shareholders.

            mint FIN. 7. a government factory for making
            coins: The Royal Mint.
            v. to make coins by stamping them in metal.

            mintage see brassage.

            mint par of exchange FIN. the rate of exchange
            between two currencies that are on the gold
            standard, 1.e. when the gold value of their
            standard currency unit has been fixed by law.
            The rate between any pair of gold-standard
            currencies is always directly related to the
            amount of gold in a unit of each currency. Syn.
            par rate of exchange; mint parity of exchange.
            See par (3).

            mint ratio FIN. under bimetallism, the relation
            between the values of the two standard metals,
            usu. gold and silver.

            minus see less.

            minute (1) one-sixtieth part of a degree, a unit
            used in measuring angles. (2) one-sixtieth part
            of an hour. 1 minute = 60 seconds. Abbr. min.
            Sign: ’: 1’ = one minute. (3) a written or typed
            note; a memorandum.
            minutes p/. (of a meeting) an official or typed
            record of business done, including decisions
            reached, at the meeting. Minutes, usu. re-
            corded in a minute book, are read at the begin-
            ning of the next meeting and, if confirmed
            (approved) by those present, are signed by the
            chairman as a correct record of what took
            place. See also board minutes under board of
            directors. |

            M.1.P. marine insurance policy; monthly invest-
            ment plan.

            M.1.S. management information system(s).

            misappropriation see defalcation.

            misc. miscellaneous.

            miscarriage (1) SHIPG. & TRANSPT. (a) incorrect
            carriage of goods, esp. when not as arranged
            or provided in a contract. (b) loss in transit (on


            mission statement - 347

            the journey). (2) LAW a failure: Miscarriage of
            justice, failure of a court of law to reach a fair
            decision; an injustice.

            miscellaneous consisting of different kinds;
            various; mixed: Miscellaneous goods/articles/
            objects. See miscellaneous file under file. Abbr.
            misc. |

            misconduct v. (1) to manage business or pr
            fessional matters badly. Zo misconduct one’s
            affairs|finances. (2) to behave improperly, esp.
            in an immoral or irresponsible way: To miscon-
            duct oneself. N. misconduct.

            misdemeanour (1) LAW a criminal offence that
            ‘s less serious than felony and treason. (2)
            generally, any kind of misbehaviour. Also
            (U.S.A.) misdemeanor. |

            miser a person who lives a poor and miserable
            life because of an excessive desire to save and
            store up money.

            Mises Ludwig Edler von (1881-1973), Austrian
            (later American) economist and a leading
            member of the Austrian School; Professor of
            Economics at Vienna (1931-8), Geneva
            (1934-40) and New York (1945-69). In many
            books and articles, esp. his The Anti-Capitalistic
            Mentality (1956), he attacked socialism and all
            who opposed a free market as the essential
            basis for economic success. He also did impor-
            tant work on the theory of the trade cycle in
            relation to bank credit, and on the place of
            marginal utility in the theory of money.

            misfeasance LAw the performance in a wrong-
            ful manner of a lawful act, such as doing
            something negligently (very carelessly) or fail-
            ing to do it when it ought to have been done.
            Cf. non-feasance.

            misfortune, certificate of see certificated
            bankrupt under bankrupt.

            misleading description see misrepresen-
            tation.

            misprision LAW the offence at common law of
            unlawfully hiding, covering up, the fact that
            someone has done a criminal act.

            misrepresentation LAW & COM. a statement
            which gives false information or a misleading
            description and is intended to deceive is called
            a false or fraudulent misrepresentation and gives
            a wronged party good reason for bringing an
            action for damages in the courts. Any contract
            is voidable at the wish of the party who has
            been harmed if misrepresentation by the other
            party can be proved. Syn. deceit; deception:
            fraud; misstatement.

            Miss. Mississippi, U.S.A.

            mission see trade mission.

            mission statement MAN. a brief statement
            of the main purpose of an organization. Our
            mission is to achieve the fairest possible sharing
            of our profits among our employees and improve
            their quality of life. Generally very indefinite,
            mission statements have become popular in


                evince -p 359 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &


            348 - misstatement

            the 1980s with the growth of the excellence
            school. See excellence.

            misstatement see misrepresentation.

            mistake see operative mistake; error. |

            mix see marketing mix; product-mix, sales-m1Xx.

            mixed currency see under currency. |

            mixed economy ECON. an economic system 1n
            which some industries are owned by the State
            and others are owned by private persons as
            shareholders of industrial companies. Syn.
            governed economy; mixed capitalist economy.

            mixed farming aGR. farming in which both
            arable crops and livestock are important

            mixed policy see under insurance policy.

            mkt. market.

            ml millilitre

            M.L. motor launch.

            Mile. Mademoiselle.

            M.L.R. minimum lending rate.

            M.L.W.N. mean low water neap (tide).

            M.L.W.S. mean low water spring (tide).

            MM Messieurs (Gentlemen).

            mm millimetres.

            M.M. mercantile marine.

            m.m. made merchantable.

            M.M.C. Monopolies and Mergers Commission.

            Mme. Madame.

            Mimes. Mesdames.

            MN Minnesota, U.S.A.

            mn. midnight.

            M.N. merchant navy.

            MN Minnesota, U.S.A.

            mng. managing.

            mngmt. management.

            mnor. manager.

            MO, Mo. Missouri, U.S.A.

            M.O. money order; mail order; medical officer.

            mo. month.

            m.-o. months old.

            mobile shop com. a shop in a motor van making
            regular visits esp. to new housing areas and to
            country villages not well served by shops, to
            sell groceries, household goods and sometimes
            clothing.

            mobility of labour ECON. THEORY the degree
            to which workers are able and willing to move
            from one place to work in another (geographical
            mobility), or to change from one kind of work
            to another (occupational mobility). A lack of
            mobility of labour has an important effect on
            the supply of labour and may increase unem-
            ployment. Syn. fluidity of labour.

            mock auction CoM. an auction at which the
            auctioneer or the seller of an article dishonestly
            arranges for bids to be made that are not
            serious but intended only to force up the price.

            mode (1) in a set of variables, the value that
            happens most frequently. Thus in the set 5, 3,
            9, 5, 8, 6, 5, 10, 5, 8, 3, the value 5 is the mode
            because it happens four times, more frequently
            than any of the other values. It is also called

            the position of greatest density, and is much
            used in commerce, e.g. in determining which
            are the most popular sizes of shoes and Clothing
            to stock in a shop. Syn. norm. Cf. median-
            mean. (2) a manner; a method used: The mode
            of payment, the form in which payment jg
            made, by cheque, cash, etc. (3) fashion, esp, in
            dress: She dresses in the latest mode.
            modem comp. an electronic instrument that
            makes it possible for computers to send and
            receive information over public telephone
            lines. When sending information, a modem
            changes binary signals from a computer into
            the sound signals that pass along ordinary tele-
            phone lines; and when receiving, it changes
            sound signals into the binary system used in
            most computers. (From MOdulator-DEModu-
            lator, the full name of the apparatus.)
            modify to make changes in the form of some-
            thing: This machine can be modified to print on
            cloth instead of on paper. The architect modified
            the design of the building to give more light to
            the offices. We have modified our demands, we
            have changed them. N. modification.
            modiste CoM. a maker or seller of women’s
            fashionable clothes, esp. hats.
            module IND. one of a number of standard units
            of which a building or furniture may be made
            up. Adj. modular.
            mogul IND. (collog.) a very important, rich,
            powerful or influential man, esp. in industry:
            An oilman-turned-film-mogul.
            M.O.H. medical officer of health.
            mohur a former gold coin of India and Persia,
            worth 15 rupees; a unit of value of 16 rupees,
            still sometimes used in India when fixing pro-
            fessional fees of doctors, lawyers and archi-
            tects. Syn. gold mohur.
            moiety LAW a half, esp. one of two equal instal-
            ments.
            mole a long sea wall or pier protecting the
            entrance to a harbour when the weather is
            rough.
            momentum see industrial momentum.
            Mion. Monmouthshire, a former county in
            Wales, now part of Gwent.
            monadic testing ADVT. & COM. a method of
            product testing in marketing research. Con-
            sumers test a product on its own, rather than
            comparing it with another product. Cf. paired
            _ comparison.
            monarch a person who is the holder of the office
            of head of state, such as a king or queen,
            emperor, prince, sultan, etc. by right of suc-
            cession, 1.e. by being the child of the previous
            holder. Cf. Crown. Syn. sovereign.
            monarchy a system of government in which the
            head of state is a monarch. Syn. kingdom.
            monetarism ECON. THEORY the theory sup-
            ported by monetarists.

            monetarists ECON. THEORY economists who


                evince -p 360 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            believe in monetarism, i.e. that the economy
            can and should be controlled by limits placed
            by the government on the total supply of
            money, esp. on bank credit. Syn. Monetary
            School. See Chicago School.

            monetary FIN. (1) relating to, consisting of,
            money: A monetary reward, a reward paid in
            money. For a monetary consideration, for a sum
            of money. Syn. pecuniary. (2) relating to the
            coinage, currency and financial arrangements
            of a country: Monetary policy. The monetary
            system.

            monetary aggregates see money supply.

            monetary compensatory amount ECON.
            under the European Economic Community’s
            Common Agricultural Policy, the expression
            that relates to subsidies and taxes on farm
            products used to support the green currencies.
            Abbr. M.C.A.

            monetary deflation see currency deflation
            under deflation.

            monetary economy FIN. an economy in which
            goods are exchanged for money, compared
            with a barter economy in which money is not
            used.

            monetary policy FIN. the control, by the
            government, of a country’s currency and its
            system for lending and borrowing money, esp.
            through the supply of money.

            Monetary School see monetarists.

            monetary standard see standard (4).

            monetary system FIN. (1) the entire system
            that exists in a country to provide industry,
            commerce and the public with money of all
            kinds, such as coins, bank-notes, bank credit
            and deposits. (2) the methods and institutions
            used by the government to control the supply of
            money and near-money, such as hire-purchase
            borrowing, trade credits and deposits with
            building societies and finance houses that re-
            lend money but are outside the banking system.
            (3) the kind of convertibility adopted by a
            government for its currency, whether freely
            into gold as under the gold standard, or into
            paper of some kind, as under a paper standard.

            monetary theory (of the trade cycle) sce
            trade-cycle theories under cycle.

            monetary unit FIN. the standard unit of the
            currency of acountry: The dollar is the monetary
            unit of the U.S.A.

            monetize FIN. (1) to coin money from (a metal
            or alloy). (2) to fix the official money value of
            a metal or alloy when used as money. Opp.
            demonetize. N. monetization. Opp. demoneti-
            zation.

            money (1) any article or commodity that is
            generally acceptable by law and custom as a
            means of payment, as a measure of value, and
            as a store of wealth. Various forms of money
            have developed, from the commodity money
            (such as cattle and cowrie shells) that replaced


            money - 349

            the barter system, to hard money made of pre-
            cious metals, esp. gold and silver bars and
            coins, and token money of other metals; later,
            paper money, also called soft money or represen-
            tative money was introduced, followed by the
            great development of the use of substitute money
            consisting of bank deposits and credits trans-
            ferable by cheque, bills of exchange and Trea-
            sury bills that now make up the most important
            form of money in most countries. (2) wealth
            generally, calculated in units of the currency,
            but including all kinds of property: He is worth
            a lot of money, he is rich. Money’s worth, reason-
            able value for the price paid. To make money,
            to get rich, be rich. To mint/coin money, (colloq.)
            to get rich quickly. To put money into, to invest
            in, support with money. To be in the money, to
            be made of money, to be rolling in money, (colloq.)
            to be rich. To put money down, to pay cash
            immediately. To put one’s money where one's
            mouth is, to support actively, esp. by giving or
            lending money, in order to show one’s confi-
            dence in the future of an enterprise. Money
            burns a hole in his pocket, he spends his money,
            esp. on useless things, more quickly than he
            earns it. Time is money, it is better to spend
            one’s time earning money than being idle.
            Money for jam|for old rope (collog.) (a) money
            that is easily (perh. too easily) earned; (0)
            money that is certain to come in, or profit that
            is certain to be made. To put one’s money on,
            to risk one’s money on a horse in a race or on
            a business venture likely to succeed. For money,
            see separate entry.

            active money see separate entry.

            allotment money see separate entry.

            application money see separate entry.

            bank money see separate entry.

            broad money see M, under money supply.

            call money see separate entry.

            caution money see separate entry.

            cheap money see separate entry.

            commodity money see separate entry.

            conduct money see caution money (4).
            convertible money see separate entry.
            counterfeit money bad money, both coin and
            bank-notes, made in imitation of real, or good,
            or genuine money with intention to deceive.
            Syn. false money.

            credit money see separate entry.

            current money coins and bank-notes that are
            currently legal tender, as opposed to those
            that are no longer so because they have been
            demonetized.

            danger money extra pay for doing dangerous
            work,

            dead money see dead capital under capital.
            dear money see separate entry.

            deposit money see bank deposits (3).

            despatch money see separate entry.

            earnest money see separate entry.

                evince -p 361 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            350 - money

            try.
            fall money see separate er
            false money see counterfeit money above.

            t momey see separate entry. .
            oes aie see fiduciary note issue. ‘
            final money all forms of bank deposit or ban :
            credit that can be transferred by means 0

            SF ane money temporarily held by ae
            ers for which they cannot find any profita =
            use other than to put it on deposit with the
            Bank of England until it can be better invested.

            fractional money coins of values less than the
            standard unit of currency: in Britain, the 50p,
            10p, 5p, 2p, Ip coins; and in U.S.A., the 50c,
            25c (quarter), 10c (dime), 5c (nickel) coins. Cf.
            standard money. Syn. fractional currency.
            fresh money additional capital, esp. loan capi-
            tal, as opposed to old money, which is existing
            capital.

            funk money BKG. & FIN. money that is moved
            in a hurry, and sometimes secretly, from a
            country where economic or political conditions
            are bad, to another country where they are
            good, because the owner is frightened. Cf. hot
            money.

            gate money see gate.

            hard money metal coins, not paper money. See
            also hard currency under currency. Syn. specie;
            cash; change.

            hat money see primage.

            hot money attracted from abroad by high
            interest rates or to find a relatively safe place
            in a time of political trouble. Since it may be
            quickly transferred elsewhere, it can greatly
            upset a country’s balance of payments. Cf.
            funk money. Syn. refugee capital.
            housekeeping money see separate entry.
            hush-money money paid to a person as a bribe
            for not telling anyone about a crime, or for not
            giving information or evidence in a trial. A
            payment for secrecy.

            idle money money held in the form of cash or
            held in idle balances, i.e. bank balances that
            are used to store money without bringing in
            any income. Syn. inactive money.

            inactive money see idle money above.
            inconvertible money see inconvertible currency
            under currency.

            irredeemable money see inconvertible currency
            under currency.

            key money see separate entry.

            lawful money any money that is legal tender.
            lot money see separate entry.

            managed money see managed currency under
            currency.

            Maundy money specially-minted silver coins
            given personally to the poor on the Thursday
            before Easter by the British king or queen.
            mugs money money invested by unsuspecting
            investors who do not know the risks they are
            taking. Opp. smart money.

            asset which can be used almost
            fal Dona money although it is not. For
            example, a bill of exchange 1s transferable and
            can be used to pay a debt although it is not
            money in the way that bank-notes, Cheques
            and coins are. Syn. quasi-money. See money
            a aaa money see substitute money below.
            old money see fresh money above.
            option money see option. — | |
            paper money bank-notes; sometimes also
            cheques, bills of exchange, promissory notes
            and other documents that can be used as money
            ‘1 business, although not legal tender.
            passage money s¢e under passage.
            pin-money (a) a regular allowance given by a
            man to his wife or daughter to spend as she
            wishes, esp. on dress or dressmaking materials.
            (b) money saved by a woman from her house-
            keeping money. (c) money received by a mar-
            ried woman under a marriage settlement. (d)
            generally, any small sum regularly received as
            a reward for services. Cf. pocket-money.
            plastic money purchasing power (ability to buy)
            in the form of a plastic card or bank card
            which allows the holder to buy goods on credit,
            i.e. without paying in notes and coin and to
            draw cash at any bank up to a fixed amount.
            pocket-money a small regular allowance made
            by a parent to a child, usu. weekly. ;
            prize money (2) money paid to a winner in a
            competition or lottery. (6) in time of war,
            money paid to the crew of a ship that seizes
            an enemy vessel. Syn. prize bounty.
            promotion money money paid to the promoters
            of a new company for their services in arrang-
            ing and managing the operation.
            purchase money the sum of money required to
            buy something, esp. a house.
            quasi-money see near money above.
            quick money money invested in such a way that
            it can be withdrawn on demand.
            rag money (collog.) paper money.
            ready money cash; money, esp. coin and bank-
            notes, actually in hand, held ready for immedi-
            ate payments: / shall pay in ready money, I shall
            pay in cash and I do not want credit.
            real money money in the form of coin and
            bank-notes, not substitute money.
            representative money paper money that is con-
            vertible into gold and silver, or that is fully
            backed by gold and silver stocks held by the
            issuing authority.
            retention money an amount retained (held back)
            from a payment to a contractor in case he does
            not complete the contract by the agreed date,
            or in case his work is not properly done.
            short money money lent for a short period at a
            fixed rate of interest.

            ing money given as a bribe. See slush
            und.


                evince -p 362 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            oney money owned by wise persons
            w what they are doing, esp. what risks
            in making investments. Opp.

            gnart m
            who know
            they are taking,

            s’ money. ;
            pp money paper money, not coins. See also

            soft currency under currency. |
            gpending money money for personal expenses:
            ocket-money. .
            standard money the main unit of currency of a
            articular country. Cf. fractional money.

            substitute money documents such as bank
            deposits or bank credit that can be transferred
            by cheque, commercial bills of exchange, trade
            credit and Treasury bills; these are not legal
            render but are generally acceptable as money
            within certain business circles. Syn. non-physi-
            cal money. Cf. near money; real money.
            temporary money commercial bills of exchange
            and also Treasury bills, both of which can be
            discounted and made payable to other parties
            before they mature.
            tight money see dear money.
            token money see separate entry.
            world money any kind of money or medium of
            exchange that is very widely accepted for the
            settlement of international debts. usu. gold,
            the U.S. dollar and the pound sterling. Syn.
            international currency.

            money at call see call.

            money at call and short notice BKG. very
            short term loans made by a bank, usu. to
            discount houses, bill-brokers, stockbrokers and
            jobbers. Such loans are for periods of from one
            to fourteen days and form an important part
            of a bank’s liquid assets.

            money-bags (1) bags for money. (2) (collog.) a
            rich person, esp. someone who has a great
            desire for wealth.

            money bill see under bill (8).

            money-box (1) a closed box with a lock or seal
            and a small opening for putting in coins and
            notes, used for collecting contributions to char-
            ity or for storing small savings. (2) any closed
            object with an opening for putting in small
            savings, such as a china animal.

            money-broker see under broker.

            money capital see under capital.

            money centre BKG. in U.S.A., one of the large
            banks where the public can obtain a wide
            choice of banking services such as borrowing
            money, placing money on deposit, buying for-
            eign currency, etc. Cf. money shop.

            money-changer FIN. a person whose business
            is to exchange the currency of one country for
            that of another. Syn. changer.

            money circulation see under circulation.

            moneyed adj. having money; rich; wealthy: My
            stockbroker is a moneyed man.

            money-grubber (collog.) a person who is much
            too interested in accumulating money.

            money had and received Law money that has

            money order - 351

            been paid to a person who unjustly fails to
            give a promised consideration in return; such
            money can be recovered in an action in the
            courts by the person who paid it.

            money illusion ECON. THEORY the false idea
            that money has a fixed and unchanging pur-
            chasing power. The expression was first used
            in 1927 by Irving Fisher, the American econo-
            mist, who described it as ‘a failure to perceive
            [understand] that the dollar or any other unit
            of money expands and shrinks in value’.

            money income see under income.

            moneylender Law & FIN. in Britain, any person
            or organization whose business 1s to lend
            money, other than: a friendly society, a building
            society, a pawnbroker, a banking or insurance
            business, or an organization, such as a local
            authority, given powers by a special Act of
            Parliament to lend money. Moneylenders must
            be registered and must obtain a licence each
            year from the government to Carry on the
            business of moneylending. See consumer
            credit.

            moneylending contract see under contract.

            money-maker FIN. & COM. (1) a person who
            is successful in earning or gaining money. (2)
            a profitable business or commercial venture.

            money manager FIN. & STK. EXCH. a person or
            organization skilled in how to invest money
            profitably, esp. in the stock/share market. They
            advise private investors and financial organi-
            zations, plan their investments and usu. man-
            age their portfolios. Their fee is about 1% of
            the value of the portfolio. |

            money market see under market.

            money-market certificate FIN. in U.S.A., a
            six-month government-guaranteed time depos-
            it in a savings and loan association or in a
            bank.

            money-market fund see under mutual fund.

            money-measurement concept ACCTs. the
            basic rule in accounting, that the value of
            things and events can be measured only in
            units of money. )

            money multiplier note FIN. & BKG. in U.S.A.,
            a zero-coupon note (one on which no interest
            is paid) issued by a bank at a price well below
            its f ace value. At maturity the full face value
            is paid.

            money of account see account, money of.

            money-off coupon see coupon (3).

            money on Call see call, n. (1).

            money order FIN. a method of making small
            payments through the Post Office. In Britain,
            inland money orders for sending by post are
            no longer issued, but inland telegraph money
            orders are issued at certain post offices that are
            both money-order and telegraph offices. Cf.
            postal order. Abbr. M.O.
            crossed money order one that has been crossed
            like a cheque; it can only be paid to a bank


                evince -p 363 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            352 - Money, Quantity Theory of

            for credit to an account with that bank. See
            crossed cheque under cheque.
            ‘nland money order one payable to a paye
            the country in which the order is issued.
            international money order see overseas money
            order below. Abbr. 1.M.O.
            overseas money order one payable to a pe
            in another country; such money orders may be
            limited by the exchange controls of the sender's
            country. Abbr. O.M.O. Syn. international
            money order.
            telegraph(ic) money order one that is arranged
            urgently by telegraph, at an extra charge to
            cover the cost of the telegram. Abbr. T.M.O.
            Money, Quantity Theory of see Quantity
            Theory of Money.
            money rate of interest see nominal interest
            under interest.
            money shop BKG. in Britain, a very small
            branch, looking like a shop, set up by the big
            banks in the 1970s in shopping centres, railway
            stations, etc. Most of them proved unprofitable
            and soon closed. Few remain. Cf. money
            centre.
            money-spinner com. (collog.) a highly profit-
            able product, business or property, such as a
            best-selling book, a highly successful film or
            play, or a shop selling a product much in
            demand.
            money stock see under stock.
            money supply FIN. & ECON. THEORY the total
            amount of money held by all persons and
            organizations in a country at a particular time;
            the whole of a country’s existing stock of money
            to hold as a liquid asset. There are several
            measures, called monetary aggregates or indi-
            cators of the money supply:
            M,, (M-nought) the most limited, consists
            mostly of notes and coins held by the public
            plus bankers’ deposits at the Bank of England
            and is called the measure of the narrow money
            supply.
            M,, often called the measure of the basic money
            supply, is broader than Mp and consists of notes
            and coins held by the public plus private-
            sector current and deposit accounts that can
            be transferred by cheque. It does not include
            foreign-currency or public-sector accounts and
            deposits.
            M, is broader still but is less used than Mo,
            M, and M,; it consists of notes and coins
            held by the public, all private-sector current
            accounts at commercial, Post Office and
            Trustee savings banks, and private-sector
            deposit accounts with deposit banks, finance
            companies, discount houses and dealers in the
            money market.
            M, is equivalent to M, plus all public-sector
            i i and public and private-
            Rides ce currency deposits with banks,
            is panies and discount houses. In

            e in

            rson

            Britain there is a variation called Sterling M,
            which is M, without the non-sterling deposits.
            it is sometimes called broad money.
            money wages see under wages.
            money washing see laundering.
            monger COM. a retail trader; a dealer; a shop-
            keeper. Usu. combined with the name of
            commodity: A fishmonger/ironmonger. A coster.
            monger, a street seller, usu. of fish or fruit ang
            vegetables | | ie
            monitor COMP. a peripheral unit consisting of
            4 black-and-white or colour television screen
            controlled by a computer which shows data
            (information) in a form that can be read and
            understood. Syn. visual display terminal/unit.
            monkey (colloq.) five hundred pounds (£500).
            monometallism ECON. & FIN. 4 monetary sys-
            tem in which only one standard metal is coined
            and is legal tender for unlimited amounts. A
            more useful variation, called a composite legal
            tender system, uses also f reely-convertible paper
            money and token money consisting of coins of
            baser metal, with legal tender for a limited
            amount. See gold standard. Cf. bimetallism.
            Monophoto see Monotype. peal
            Monopolies and Mergers Commission
            (M.M.C.) IND., COM. & LAW In Britain, a
            commission with responsibility for examining,
            reporting and recommending whether a mon-
            opoly in the supply, manufacture or export of
            goods is in the public interest. In this case,
            monopoly means one supplier, or group of
            suppliers acting together, who can control at
            least one-third of the total supply of the article
            or commodity. The commission also acts simi-
            larly in regard to certain restrictive practices.
            After the commission has reported, the govern-
            ment can use its powers under the law to
            prevent new monopolistic mergers from form-
            ing, and to break up existing monopolies that
            are not in the public interest.

            Monopolies, Statute of LAW & ECON. HIST. a
            law passed in England in 1624 which made all
            monopolies unlawful except patents for new
            inventions.

            monopolist ECON. THEORY (1) a supplier who

            has a monopoly. (2) a person who believes in
            monopolies. Cf. monopsonist.

            monopolistic adj. monopolistic power, the force
            that a monopoly can use in fixing the market
            price. See monopolistic competition under
            competition.

            monopolize com. to obtain a monopoly; to get
            complete possession or control of something.

            monopoly ECON. THEORY strictly the situation
            in a market in which there is only one seller
            of a commodity and he therefore faces no
            competition (pure monopoly). Since there will
            usu. be some competition, such as from other
            goods, a monopoly is accepted by economists
            as being the situation in which one seller or a


                evince -p 364 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            ¢ sellers acting together can control the
            _Cf. monopsony.
            opoly see separate entry. |
            ECON. THEORY an imaginary
            olla as i ti where there is only one fF
            iia and only one supplier of a particular
            aE eee or service. Thus both buyer and
            supplier are monopolists.
            buyer’s monopoly see monopsony. pie
            commercial monopoly a monopoly that exists in
            a market for a commodity when one buyer or
            one supplier is in a position to determine the
            price. See monopsony, oligopsony. Cf. legal
            monopoly.
            discriminating monopoly a monopoly that exists
            when a monopolist sells exactly similar articles |
            or units of a commodity at different prices. |
            Syn. price discrimination. See dumping.
            fiscal monopoly a monopoly held by the State
            of the production and sale of certain popular
            commodities, mainly in order to obtain the
            highest possible amount of revenue from con-
            sumers, e.g. the monopolies in tobacco and
            matches in France. Cf. public monopoly. Syn.
            state monopoly; government monopoly.
            institutional monopoly a partial monopoly that
            exists when the owner of a trade-mark uses it |
            to distinguish his product from other similar
            products in the market and, by means such as
            advertising and special packaging, persuades
            consumers that because his product is well
            known, it is the best one to buy.
            legal monopoly a monopoly that exists by law,
            such as a copyright or patent, as opposed to a
            commercial monopoly. |
            natural monopoly a monopoly that exists |
            because the entire demand for a product can
            be supplied by one producer producing on the
            | smallest scale that is commercially possible.
            perfect monopoly see pure monopoly below.
            public monopoly a monopoly that by law
            belongs to the government, usu. a public ser-
            vice such as the postal, telegraph and telephone
            services, and the main means of transport such
            as the railways. Cf. fiscal monopoly.
            | pure monopoly the situation in a market in
            . which there is one producer or supplier of a
            commodity and there are no near substitutes
            and therefore there is no competition. A pure
            or perfect monopoly is not likely to exist in
            practice but has some theoretical use in eco-
            nomic analysis. Syn. perfect monopoly; absol-
            ute monopoly.
            sellers’ monopoly the monopoly that exists in a
            market in which a commodity is scarce, allow-
            ing sellers to force buyers to compete with each
            other to raise prices. Also seller’s monopoly.
            Syn. oligopoly.
            monopoly price see under price.
            monopoly profit see under profit.
            Monopsonist ECON. THEORY the one and only

            roup of"
            market price
            absolute mon


            moratorium - 353

            buyer of a commodity in the market. Cf. mo-
            nopolist. .
            monopsonistic adj. A monopsonistic firm, the
            only firm buying a particular commodity.
            nonopsony ECON. THEORY the condition in a
            market where there is only one buyer of a
            commodity. Syn. buyer’s monopoly.

            Vionotype a machine with a keyboard, used by |

            printers for rapid composing (putting together)
            and casting of metal type, each letter or figure
            being produced separately but in its proper
            order. Cf. Linotype. Monophoto is a similar
            machine that produces photographic film bear-
            ing the matter to be printed, usu. by photolitho
            offset.

            Viont. Montana, U.S.A.

            nonth (1) one of 12 unequal divisions (of 28 to
            31 days) called a calendar month, into which a
            (western) calendar year is divided. (2) a period
            of four weeks (or 28 days) often called a /unar
            month, the time roughly between one full moon
            and the next (more correctly about 294 days). In
            commerce, a month always means a calendar
            month unless a lunar month of 28 days is clearly
            stated. Adj. and adv. monthly. Abbr. m.; mo.;
            mth.; mos. pi. ,

            monthly account com. a form of consumer
            credit, being an arrangement with a retail shop
            or store that the customer’s purchases are
            debited to his account up to an agreed fixed
            credit limit each month. The customer pays
            within an agreed period after receiving the
            statement of account from the retailer. Cf.
            budget account.

            moonlight flit see flit.

            moonlighting IND. (collog.) having two jobs,
            one being a regular full-time job, the other only
            part-time, usu. in the evenings. The worker
            may be paid in cash and may not declare it to
            the tax authorities to avoid payment of income
            tax on this part of his income. See black econ-
            omy.

            moonshiner CoM. (collog.) a person who carries
            on an illegal trade, esp. by night.

            moor SHIPG. to fasten a ship or boat by ropes or
            cables to a firmly-fixed object on land or on
            the bed of the sea, or to a floating buoy that is
            itself fastened by cables to the bottom.

            moorage SHIPG. money charged for the use of
            moorings.

            mooring SHIPG. a place where a ship or boat
            may be moored.
            moorings pi. the ropes, cables, buoys, etc. by
            which a ship or boat is moored.

            moral hazard see under hazard.

            moratorium LAW & FIN. (1) a law allowing
            debtors to delay payment of debts, esp. at a
            time of national emergency. (2) an agreement
            between a debtor and a creditor that more time
            shall be allowed for payment of a debt. Pi.
            moratoria; moratoriums.


            OO ———————


                evince -p 365 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            354 - mortality rate

            mortality rate see death rate.

            ‘ty tables see life tables. j
            sea te n. LAW & FIN. (1) a contract He tate
            the owner of land (the mortgagor) bo

            * an
            money, ee aaa ees In
            in the lan
            eee ‘oy law a mortgage is either a ga

            itable mortgage (see these

            mortgage or an equ rtgaged
            below). A ship or yacht may also be mo
            (see maritime mortgage below). A mortgage
            may also be given on goods and chattels id
            chattel mortgage). See also mortgage marke
            under market. (2) the document or deed record-
            ing a mortgage contract. To raise a morigage
            on (a house, etc.), to borrow money by giving
            a mortgage on a house, etc. Jo redeem/pay off
            a mortgage, to repay the loan under a mortgage
            contract and so regain the property. (3) the
            thing given as security. Syn. gage; pawn.
            v. to borrow money by giving a mortgage. Syn.
            to charge; to hypothecate. Pron. mor-gij.
            adjustable rate mortgage see variable rate mort-
            gage below. Abbr. A.R.M.
            blanket mortgage (a) in Britain, a mortgage that
            combines and replaces a number of existing
            mortgages. (5) in U.S.A., a mortgage in which
            the borrower gives all his fixed assets as secu-
            rity, rather than any particular assets.

            chattel mortgage see separate entry.

            contributory mortgage a mortgage given to a

            single borrower to which several small inves-

            tors have each contributed (given with others)

            a share. Such mortgages are usu. arranged by

            a specialist firm, often solicitors, who, in return

            for a fee from the borrower and a commission

            from the lenders, undertakes to act as manager,
            making sure in the first place that the loan is
            properly secured over the mortgaged property,
            then collecting and distributing the interest to
            the lenders and, if the borrower fails to pay
            the interest, arranging the sale of the property
            and the repayment of the loans to the lenders.
            equitable mortgage one of the two main kinds
            of mortgage (see also legal mortgage below);
            under it the mortgagor (borrower) gives the
            mortgagee (lender) the title-deeds of the prop-
            erty but without any document that gives the
            creditor complete control if the debt js not
            repaid when due. If the lender desires to sell
            the property in order to obtain repayment of
            the loan, he has to apply to a court of law for

            Power to sell, or to gain possession, or to

            appoint a receiver.

            first mortgage the original mortgage first given

            by the mortgagor of a property. See second and

            subsequent mortgage(s) below.

            poe mortgage one under which

            slowly ee Teen atthe beginning but
            Case as time Passes, the aim being

            ty of which the mortgagor (bor.
            ee ee leasehold, not the oe
            (b) in U.S.A., a mortgage under which the
            mortgagor gives a lease of the property to the
            mortgagee as security for the loan. |
            legal mortgage one of the two main kinds of
            mortgage (see also equitable mortgage above).
            under it the mortgagee (lender) has complet,
            control of the property if the mortgagor (boy.
            rower) fails to repay the debt when due; ang
            he does not need to apply to a court of law fo,
            power to sell or take possession of the Property

            oint a receiver.
            auiine mortgage 2 mortgage on a ship or
            t.
            eeu aied mortgage see open-ended.
            option mortgage a mortgage arranged under
            the British Government’s Option Mortgage
            Scheme, begun in 1968, by which persons bor-
            rowing money under mortgage contracts have
            the option (choice) of either obtaining income-
            tax relief on the interest paid on the loan or
            paying a rate of interest that is reduced by a
            government subsidy but does not qualify for
            tax relief.
            puisne mortgage in Britain, a legal mortgage
            that is not registered in the local deeds register
            and is not protected by the deposit of the title-
            deeds to the property. Pron. pyooni.
            second and subsequent mortgage(s) one or more
            further mortgages, called second, third, etc.
            mortgages, given by a mortgagor (borrower)
            after he has given a first or original mortgage
            on the same property. The number shows the
            order in which the interest of each mortgagee
            (lender) ranks if the property is sold, the first
            or original mortgagee having a higher claim
            than the second, and so on.
            sub-mortgage the mortgage of a mortgage. The
            action of a mortgagee (lender) who himself
            borrows money by mortgaging the property to
            another mortgagee, called the sub-mortgagee,
            usu. for a period of a few days shorter than
            that of the original mortgage.
            table mortgage see table loan under loan.
            variable rate mortgage (U.S.A.) one that bears
            interest at a rate that changes, usu. with the
            i of interest. Syn. adjustable rate
            nortgage bond see under bond, n.
            weno See under debenture.

            the security of a house. See mortgage. If the
            borrower fails to pay the debt, the mortgagee
            has the right to take Possession of the mort-
            gaged Property, in which case he is called a
            mortgagee in possession, or he can f oreclose (see
            foreclosure), or he can bring an action in the
            courts for breach of Contract, or he can sell


                evince -p 366 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &


            y if allowed under the mortgage
            e can appoint a receiver to collect
            the property and use it to reduce

            the debt. Cf. mortgagor.

            the propert
            contract, or h
            income from

            mortgage market see under market.
            mortgage-protection policy see house-pur-
            chase policy under insurance policy.
            mortgage repayment see annuity system (2).
            mortgagor FIN. a person OF organization that
            " borrows money under a mortgage contract, e.g.
            4 house-owner who borrows money on the
            security of his house from a bank or building
            society. He has the right by law of redemption,
            i.e. of regaining his property by repaying the
            debt to the mortgagee. See equity of redemp-
            tion. Cf. mortgagee.
            mos. months.
            mosaic graphics see block graphics under gra-
            phics.
            most-favoured-nation clause CoM. in a com-
            mercial treaty (agreement between countries),
            a clause by which each country agrees to give
            the other the same favourable benefit that it
            may give to any other country in the form of
            reduced tariffs.
            motel TouR. a motor hotel, i.e. a hotel esp. for
            motorists.
            mother tongue the first language that a person
            learns, i.e. as a child from its mother, and thus
            the language spoken in the ordinary homes of
            a region or country. Syn. native language.
            motion MAN. a proposal put forward for dis-
            cussion at a formal meeting. If it is put to the
            vote (voted upon) and is agreed to by a majority
            of votes, it becomes a resolution. A dropped
            motion is one that is not put to the vote. Syn.
            draft resolution.
            motion study see time and motion study.
            motivate to give (a person) a strong reason or
            purpose for acting in a certain way, such as
            giving employees an extra reward for working
            hard, or giving customers something attractive
            to persuade them to buy a particular item. N.
            motivation.
            motivational research ADVTG. & COM. a
            branch of market research that examines the
            reasons why people choose to buy one brand
            of goods rather than others.
            motor home TouR. a motorized caravan in
            which people can live while touring.
            motor hotel see motel.
            motor insurance see under insurance, classes
            and kinds of.
            motors STK. EXCH. stocks or shares of motor-
            manufacturing companies.
            motor ship see motor vessel. Abbr. M/S.
            motor vessel sHIPG. a ship driven usu. by diesel
            motors (engines which run on fuel oil). Cf.
            Sailing ship/vessel; steamship. Abbr. M/V or
            m.v. Syn. (U.S.A.) motor ship (M/S).
            motorway TRANSPT. a main road specially made


            M.R.P. - 355

            to allow traffic to travel safely at high speeds.
            Syn. in U.S.A., expressway, freeway, super-
            highway; in France, autoroute; in Italy, auto-
            strada; in Germany, autobahn. Abbr. M.

            nountain AGR. a very large stock, esp. of a farm
            product such as butter or meat, bought as a
            result of the Common Agricultural Policy of
            the European Economic Community. See
            intervention price.

            Viountain (Standard) Time a time-zone in
            North America, seven hours behind Green-
            wich Mean Time and one hour ahead of Pacific
            Time. Abbr. M.S.T.

            nouse COMP. an input instrument often used as
            an alternative to a keyboard when operating
            programs with a graphic output. As the mouse
            is moved across a flat surface, a ball on the
            underside registers movement and the pointer
            on the screen moves similarly. When the poin-
            ter is over the appropriate element of the menu
            display, a button on the mouse is pressed to
            input the command. ;

            movable property LAw personal property in
            the form of goods and chattels, not real
            (immovable) property in the form of land and
            buildings.
            movables p/. movable property such as money,
            securities, negotiable instruments and any
            valuable personal assets. A ship 1s, in law, not
            movable but real property.

            move v. MAN. to put forward a proposal at
            a formal meeting; to propose a motion for
            discussion with the intention that, if voted
            upon and accepted, it should be adopted.
            mover mn. a person who moves, puts forward,
            proposes, a motion.

            moving average a method used to show the
            trend (general tendency to rise or fall) of a set
            of values related to regular periods of time,
            such as the total monthly sales of a business.
            For example, a 12-month moving average
            would start in December of the first year with
            the average of the monthly sales in the 12
            months January to December of that year; the
            next month’s figure (for January) is the average
            of the past 12-month period February to Jan-
            uary; the next (for February) is the average for
            March to February, and so on. This method
            greatly reduces the effect of temporary and
            seasonal variations, and shows clearly the gen-
            eral direction of the sales of the business. The
            same method can be adopted using moving
            annual totals instead of averages.

            M.P. Member of Parliament.

            m.p.g., Mpg. miles per gallon.

            m.p.h., mph. miles per hour.

            Mr, Mr. a polite title given to a man and placed
            before his name or position: Mr John Smith,
            Mr Chairman. Pron. mister. |

            M.R., M/R mate’s receipt.

            M.R.P. manufacturer’s recommended price.



                evince -p 367 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &


            356 - Mrs, Mrs.

            Mrs, Mrs. a polite title given to a marrie
            woman and placed before her name: Mr
            Robinson. Also (sometimes) Mrs Henry Robin
            son, to show that the woman 1s the wife of M:
            Henry Robinson. Pron. misiz.

            MS Mississippi, U.S.A. <a
            Ms Miss or Mrs; a title that may be used i1

            written or spoken form when it is not knowr
            whether the woman concerned is married.
            Pron. miz.

            ms., MS. manuscript. |
            M/S., M.S. motor ship (U.S.A.); mail steamer.

            m/s, M/s months after sight.

            m.s. mail steamer.

            M.S.C. Manchester Ship Canal.

            MS-DOS comp. an operating system for micro-
            computers. Cf. CP/M; UNIX.

            m.s.l. mean sea level.

            mss., MSS. manuscripts.

            M.S.T. Mountain Standard Time.

            Mt. mount; mountain.

            MT Montana, U.S.A.

            M.T. Mean Time; motor transport; mechanical
            transport; motor tanker; mail transfer.

            m.t. metric tons.

            multi- a prefix meaning many: A multi-storey car
            park, one having many storeys (floors). A multi-
            millionaire, a man who possesses many millions
            of pounds, dollars or other money units. Multi-
            lingual secretary, one able to speak and write
            many (usu. at least three) languages.

            multibranding see line filling.

            Multigraph a small printing machine used as a
            duplicator in offices; it uses a curved plate of
            type-metal fixed to a revolving drum.

            multilateralism ECON. THEORY in the Theory
            of International Trade, an ideal system fa-
            voured by some economists (called multilateral-
            ists), by which there is complete freedom from
            any kind of hindrance to trade between
            nations; people in all countries are free to
            buy where they wish, all currencies are freely
            convertible, and there are no tariffs, quotas
            or exchange controls. See Comparative Cost
            Principle. Syn. free trade.

            multilateral trade see under trade.

            Multilith a small offset-litho printing machine
            used as a duplicator in offices.

            multinational company/corporation com.
            & IND. of organizations, esp. large companies,
            having business operations in many countries.
            Such a company (often called a multinational
            corporation) produces goods or services suitable
            for the market in each country in which it
            operates. Cf. global corporation under corpo-
            ration.

            multiple com. a retailing company with a wide
            national spread of stores and branches in most
            of the major cities.

            multiple application stk. Excu. the practice
            of submitting more than one application for


            "3 5 ‘mt

            shares (usu. using false names) in a new issue
            where shares are likely to be rationed because
            of oversubscription. This is a criminal] offence
            in many countries.
            multiple pricing COM. a practice adopted §
            some producers and traders of charging diffe.
            rent prices for the same basic product in diffe.
            rent markets, higher prices being charged jp,
            places where the customers tend to be rich.
            multiple rate (of exchange) see under e,.
            change rate.
            multiple shop see chain-store.
            multiple store see chain-store.
            multiple tariff see under tariff. :
            multiple taxation see under taxation.
            multiple voting share see under share. |
            multiplexing COMP. in data communications,
            the process of combining several small signals
            and transmitting them together at the same
            time over a single high-capacity transmission
            line.
            multiplier ECON. THEORY a concept (idea)
            developed by Keynes 1n his book General The-
            ory of Employment, Interest and Money (1936)
            and of great importance in modern economic
            thought. The multiplier is the name given to
            the proportion by which both the national
            income and the level of employment are affec-
            ted by an increase in investment. A given
            increase in investment causes an increase sev-
            eral times as big in income, this proportion
            being called the income or investment multiplier:
            similarly a given increase in investment causes
            an increase several times as big in employment,
            this proportion being called the employment
            multiplier. But if there is already full employ-
            ment, an increase in investment causes an
            increase in prices rather than in real incomes.
            Cf. Acceleration Principle.
            mun. municipal.
            municipal adj. of or relating to local govern-
            ment, esp. of a city or town: Municipal services.
            A municipal enterprise, a business owned and
            operated by the local government authority.
            Abbr. mun.
            municipality n. a city or town having its own
            local government authority.
            municipal bond see under bond, n.
            municipal bond fund see under mutual fund.
            municipal tax see local tax; rates under tax.
            munis (U.S.A. collog.) municipal bonds.
            mushroom organization com. & IND. a firm
            or Company that has grown very fast and has
            so far made no reputation for honest dealing.
            muster roll see crew list.
            mutatis mutandis (Latin, having changed the
            things that had to be changed), the necessary
            Changes having been made.
            mutilated damaged: torn; made imperfect: A
            mutilated document/bank-note.
            mutual held in common; shared by two or more

            EE. a ae i

            hs a
            a st neta
            ee


                evince -p 368 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            ee

            ersons forming a group: A mutual interest, one
            that is shared by two or more persons. By
            mutual consent, by agreement between the par-
            ties. A mutual cancellation, a cancellation agr-
            | eed to by all parties. Cf. reciprocal.
            | mutual company see under company.
            mutual fund FIN. & STK. EXCH. strictly, an open-
            end investment trust company, but in U.S.A.
            the common name for any investment com-
            pany. The aim of each fund is to invest the
            | money of persons with similar needs and
            interests. Called unit trusts in Britain.
            | balanced fund one that invests in common
            ' stocks, preferred stocks and bonds, keeping
            a balanced holding of each class to stated
            proportions of the whole fund.
            | bond fund one that holds mainly fixed-interest
            | securities, aiming at high income rather than
            growth.
            closed-end fund an investment company that
            issues shares which are traded in the market
            at prices fixed by supply and demand and
            which does not buy back its shares, being thus
            unlike an open-end fund. Syn. publicly traded
            | fund.
            | closed-up fund an open-end mutual fund that
            no longer sells shares to the public but will
            redeem them (buy them back). Cf. closed-end
            fund.
            commodities fund one which invests in com-
            modity futures contracts.
            common stock fund a mutual fund holding
            | mainly common stocks (called in Britain ordi-
            nary or equity stocks or shares) usu. aiming at
            growth; but the managers may hold cash or
            bonds for safety in case of trouble. Syn. equity
            fund; stock fund.
            dual (purpose) fund one which provides both
            income and capital growth and issues these
            two classes of shares.
            equity fund see common stock fund above.
            equity-index fund see index fund below.
            exchange fund one which arranges for the ex-
            change of securities held by investors for shares
            in the fund, thus avoiding some tax.
            fully managed fund one whose managers are
            free to invest entirely as they judge best. They
            usu. have no fixed areas or classes of invest-
            ment.
            fund fund one that invests only in other mutual
            funds.
            fund-of funds another name for a fund fund.
            go-go fund see performance fund below.
            growth fund one that invests usu. in common
            stocks with the aim of obtaining a long-term
            increase in capital value rather than income.
            Cf. growth-income fund; income fund. An
            ambitious growth fund is one that aims to make
            big capital gains by investing in highly risky
            ventures.
            growth-income fund one that invests usu. in

            Ss - — —* ae ae Ps ee —

            mutual fund - 357

            common stocks with the aim of obtaining
            income as well as a long-term increase in capi-
            tal value. Cf. growth fund; income fund.

            hedge fund one that reduces risk by covering
            the possibility of a fall in the value of certain
            securities it holds by also holding securities
            that will probably rise in value. See hedging.
            Also a fund that uses options or futures or both |
            in order to reduce risks in buying and selling
            investments.

            high-yielding fund one that interests gamblers
            because it aims at getting a very high rate of
            return by investing in risky bonds paying high
            interest and whose capital value is likely to
            increase greatly. Syn. (collog.) super income
            fund. |
            income fund one that invests mainly in securit-
            ies that pay high dividends or interest in order
            to obtain the greatest possible present income.
            Cf. growth-income fund; growth fund.

            index fund one which aims to do at least as
            well as a group of important common stocks
            specially chosen as the basis of a stock price
            index such as that of Standard & Poor. Syn.
            equity-index fund.

            letter stock fund one which aims at very high
            capital growth by investing mainly in ‘letter
            stock’, i.e. stock not registered with the Securit-
            ies and Exchange Commission (S.E.C.), and
            often issued by new, risky ventures.

            liquid asset fund one interested only in short-
            term securities.

            load fund one that sells shares and takes off a
            sales charge from the amount invested at the
            start. Other fees are charged later for adminis-
            tering the fund. Cf. no-load fund.
            money-market fund an investment company
            that invests only in very liquid securities such
            as Treasury bills and notes, i.e. assets that can
            be quickly sold and turned into cash.

            municipal bond fund an open-end fund that
            invests in municipal securities on which no
            federal or state taxes are payable.

            no-load fund a mutual fund which sells shares
            and makes no sales charge (the load) but usu.
            only a management fee. Cf. loan fund.
            open-end fund strictly, a mutual fund, open
            ended because it goes on selling shares and ‘
            buying them back (redeeming them) without
            any end to its activities.

            option fund one that buys and sells options in
            order to obtain more income.

            overseas fund one that invests only in foreign
            shares and bonds. Such investments can be
            very profitable when the home currency is low
            in relation to foreign currencies.

            performance fund (1) one that aims specifically
            at short-term profits by often changing the
            investments in its portfolio. (2) one that has
            gained a great amount of capital growth. Syn.
            go-go fund.



                evince -p 369 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            358 - mutual insurance

            ‘nvests mainly in
            ious metal fund one that inve
            Pold and silver bullion (metal bars) and othe!

            precious metals. ae Sala
            see closed-end fu
            eee et ‘nvests only in stocks/

            sector fund one that :
            shares of one particular sector of the market,

            ‘ning or industrials. -
            greases he fund one which its
            ing in any activity that is against the ecling
            and interests of society, such as experimenting
            on animals or trading with unpopular govern-
            ments.
            speciality fund one that invests in certain classes
            of securities relating e.g. to particular indus-
            tries or regions.
            stock fund see common stock fund above.
            strategic fund one that invests in any kind of
            venture that will earn money quickly, esp. deals
            in arbitrage and currency speculation.
            super income fund see high-yielding fund above.
            tax-free fund one that invests only in municipal
            bonds which offer a fixed rate of interest on
            which federal income-tax is not payable.

            mutual insurance see under insurance, classes
            and kinds of.

            mutual savings bank see under savings bank.

            M/V, m.v. motor vessel.

            N. North.

            N.A. North America.

            N/A., N/a. new account; no account; not appli-
            cable; not available; no advice; non-accept-
            ance.

            n.a.a. not always afloat.

            nab (collog.) (1) to steal. (2) to arrest.

            nabob com. formerly, an Englishman who had
            worked for the East India Company and had
            made a large fortune in India. Now (collog.) a
            rich and important businessman.

            N.A.F:T.A. New Zealand—Australia Free Trade
            Agreement.

            nail Payment on the nail, (a) immediate payment:
            (6) punctual payment.

            naked contract see nude contract under con-
            tract.

            naked debenture see under debenture.

            name see surname.

            Name Day sTK. EXCH. the second day of the five-
            day periods known as The Settlement, during
            which accounts between members and clients
            are paid. On this day stockbrokers give name-
            tickets, showing the names of the buyers, to
            sellers. Syn. Ticket Day. See name-ticket. |

            "re metre on Mane Ee

            ame Day to a seller of

            securities, giving the name and other deta
            the buyer. Syn. ticket. ee

            , x used in the metric system of

            ws. a aaa one thousand millionth
            i.e. one billionth, 10~’, or 0.000 000 001, |
            nanometre (nm) = one billionth of a metre.

            nap (1) a card game. (2) COM. & FIN. To go nap
            to risk all one’s money on a venture. —

            narration ACCTS. a short note explaining an
            entry made in the journal (see book-keeping),
            such as ‘Sale of London factory’, or ‘Purchase
            of motor car’. Syn. narrative.

            narrative see narration.

            narrow see marketable (2).

            narrow boat see canal boat under canal.

            narrower-range investments sce trustee
            investments. sincvaita’

            uge see un a ,

            aie vurkot STK. EXCH. (1) an inactive mar-
            ket, with few securities being bought and sold.
            (2) of a particular security, a market in which
            there is a very limited supply. Syn. thin market.

            NASDAQ National Association of Securities
            Dealers Automated Quotations.

            national accounts budget (U.S.A.) see
            budget (2). ry

            national advertising see under advertising.

            National Association of Securities
            Dealers Automated Quotations (NAS-
            DAQ) sTK. ExCH. in U.S.A., an electronic
            system for brokers and jobbers in the over-the-
            counter (O.T.C.) securities market.

            National Audit Office PuB. FIN. in Britain,
            the government department that audits the
            accounts of all government departments and
            many other public bodies to see that public
            money is properly spent as ordered by law.
            At its head is the Comptroller and Auditor-
            General who, as an officer of the House of
            Commons, has very wide powers to put an end
            to illegal practices. (The National Audit Office
            replaced the former Audit Office, also called
            the Exchequer and Audit Department in 1984.)

            national bank (U.S.A.) see banking system.

            national brand see brand.

            national budget see budget (2).

            national capital see under capital.

            national debt FIN. the total amount of money
            borrowed by the central government of a coun-
            try on which it has to pay interest. In Britain,
            the Bank of England manages the national
            debt under the general control of the Treasury.
            Syn. public funds; (U.S.A.) public debt.
            deadweight debt that part of the British national
            debt that represents money borrowed by the
            government to fight two world wars which can
            now be considered as unproductive, because
            there is nothing left to be seen of the things on
            which the money was spent. Cf. productive or
            living debt.
            external debt that part of the British national
            debt which consists of money borrowed mainly
            in the U.S.A. and Canada after the Second




                evince -p 370 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            World War.
            fixed debt see funded debt below.

            doating debt that part of the British national na

            debt that consists mainly of short-term Trea- é

            sury bills. ae I

            funded debt that part of the British national |

            debt which consists of loans to the government Na
            on which there is no fixed date for repayment,

            e.g. Consols, war loans. The lender has no |

            claim to receive his principal back at any time, (

            but has a right to receive interest forever on a
            the amount lent, and this right may be sold. |
            Cf. unfunded debt; (U.S.A.) fixed debt. Syn. .
            rmanent debt. :
            internal debt that part of the British national |
            debt which is represented by money borrowed |
            within Britain, as opposed to the external debt.
            living debt see productive debt below.
            permanent debt see funded debt above.
            productive debt that part of the British national
            debt that represents money borrowed by the "é
            government and spent on productive national né
            assets such as schools, hospitals, houses, roads
            and towns, loans to state-owned industries,
            etc. Syn. living debt; reproductive debt. Cf.
            deadweight debt.
            reproductive debt see productive debt above.
            unfunded debt that part of the British national
            debt which consists mainly of short-term loans
            to the government, e.g. Treasury bills, internal
            loans that are dated (have a fixed date for
            repayment) and external debt such as loans by
            foreign countries. Cf. funded debt.

            national dividend see national income.

            National Economic Development Council
            (N.E.D.C.) ECON. & FIN. popularly called
            ‘Neddy’, an organization set up by the British
            Government in 1962 to advise the government
            and industry on how the rate of economic
            growth can be increased. The Council has over
            40 subcommittees called Economic Development
            Committees (E.D.C.s), popularly known as
            ‘Little Neddies’, that examine particular indus-
            tries and advise them on how to become more
            efficient.

            National Enterprise Board (N.E.B.) IND. &
            FIN. a government organization set up in Brit-
            ain in 1975 to give help to industries in need
            of financial help from the State, andtoextend 7
            and manage state investment in industrial and
            commercial enterprises. Its activities are
            closely controlled by the Secretary of State for
            Industry.

            National Giro see under Giro.

            National Health Service (N.H.S.) in Britain,

            a government service begun in 1948 thatallows rf
            all persons free medical treatment by practising
            doctors and in hospitals and, at charges much Fr
            below cost, by dentists, opticians, etc. The cost
            is met partly from these charges and from f

            native language - 359

            ational insurance contributions, but mainly
            rom general taxation. .
            tional income ECON. THEORY the total of
            ull money incomes earned or gained by all
            nembers of the community. See gross national
            yroduct.
            itional Income and Expenditure in Brit-
            in, Official statistics published in an annual
            pook of reference. See Central Statistical
            Office.
            tional insurance INSCE. & FIN. in Britain, a
            state insurance scheme administered by the
            Department of Social Security (D.H.S.) by
            which every employer, employee and self-
            employed person makes weekly payments call-
            ed contributions to provide insurance against
            accidents, sickness and unemployment, a pen-
            sion on retirement, and other benefits, ¢.g.
            for widows and disabled persons. Syn. social
            insurance. Abbr. N.I.

            1tionalism, economic see self-sufficient.
            ‘tionalization IND. & FIN. the act of bringing
            land, industries, trade, etc. under the control
            and ownership of the nation. Opp. denational-
            ization; privatization.

            nationalize v. to change from private to state
            control and ownership. Nationalized industries,
            industries that are state owned and controlled.
            Opp. denationalize; privatize.

            ational product see gross national product;
            net national product.

            ational Savings Bank FIN. & BKG. in Britain,
            the former Post Office Savings Bank, run by
            the government (still through post offices) to
            serve small savers. Deposits in ordinary
            accounts receive a low rate of interest which
            is tax free up to a certain amount each year.
            Deposits in investment accounts receive a
            much higher (but taxable) rate of interest. Cf.
            trustee savings banks.

            ational savings securities FIN. a group of
            British government securities meant for small
            investors. They consist of: national savings cer-
            tificates which, if held for several years, give
            the investor a tax-free interest; British savings
            bonds, on which interest is paid half-yearly ; and
            premium savings bonds, on which no interest is
            paid but investors have a chance to win tax-
            free prizes.

            ational savings stock register FIN. in Brit-
            ain, a list of government stocks that can be
            bought from post offices. The service is in-
            tended to help small investors, the main advan-
            tage being that the interest is paid in full, 1.e.
            without deduction of income tax. Formerly
            called the Post Office register.

            ational wealth see national capital under
            capital.

            tation, most favoured see most-favoured-
            nation clause.

            1ative language see mother tongue.



                evince -p 371 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &



            rbour

            360 - natural ha

            harbour.
            he process of

            q full citize notl
            a en by naturalization,

            given British

            law by which

            natural harbour see
            n of another

            naturalization LAW t
            a person may becom eS
            country: He is a Britis clk z ae
            he was a foreigner but has

            ite enenopely see under monopoly.

            under person.

            ral person see | ee)
            le eqoulte’ wealth supplied by Natu

            ; nd
            such as mineral deposits, water for crops a
            for power, soil, forests and animals.

            naut. nautical.

            nautical SHIPG. re
            esp. to the science 0
            chart, a map of the se
            by seamen. Addr. naut.

            nautical assessor see under assessor.

            nautical mile see under mile. Abbr. n.m.

            nav. naval; navigation; navigator.

            naval architect see under architect.

            navig. navigation; navigator. |

            navigable sHIPG. that may be used, sailed
            through, by ships or boats; said of a river,
            canal or narrow or shallow areas of sea. A
            navigable river.

            navigate SHIPG. & TRANSPT. (1) to direct the
            course of a ship or aircraft; to find one’s way.
            (2) to travel across the seas in a ship or aircraft.

            navigating bridge deck see deck.

            navigation SHIPG. & TRANSPT. (1) the science of
            navigating, of directing the course of a ship
            (marine navigation) or aircraft (air or aerial
            navigation). Abbr. nav ; navig. (2) a canal.

            navigation, accident of see marine accident
            under accident.

            navigator a person qualified in the science of
            navigating ships or aircraft. Abbr. nav.; navig.

            navvy IND. originally, an unskilled worker
            employed in digging canals, but now any per-
            son employed on heavy work such as building
            roads and railways.

            navy SHIPG. the entire group of warships of a
            country, and the officers and men that serve in
            them and in their harbours and bases on land.
            merchant navy see mercantile marine.

            NB Nebraska, U.S.A.

            N.B. North Britain (Scotland); New Brunswick,
            Canada; nota bene.

            N.B.V. net book value.

            NC, N.C. North Carolina, U.S.A.

            N/C. no charge; new charter.

            N.C.B. no-claim bonus; National Coal Board.

            N.C.R. no carbon required.

            N.C.V. no commercial value.

            ig inom Dakota, U.S.A.
            -D. North Dakota, U.S.A.:
            Ceiikitndeieedhctens Newfoundland

            2 eee no date; not dated.

            ; no effects.
            n.e. not exceeding.
            oT E new edition; not entered.

            lating to ships and the sea,
            f navigation: A nautical
            a areas intended for use

            Near East the countries of the eastern Mediter-

            ranean Sea. Syn. Levant.

            near money see under money.

            Neb., Nebr. Nebraska, U.S.A.

            N.E.B. National Enterprise Board. |

            necessaries LAW things needed to support life,
            esp. the life of a dependant, such as food,
            clothing and shelter. oyn. necessities.

            necessary (collog.) The necessary, money, cash.

            necessity, agent of see agent of necessity.

            necessity, flag of see flag of convenience.

            N.E.D.C. National Economic Development

            as popular name for the National Eco-
            nomic Development ee ee

            _ in case of see case of nece.

            wess-4 (1) what 1s needed: To do the needful,
            to do what is necessary. (2) (colloq.) the money
            needed for a particular purpose.

            neg. negative; negligence.

            negative covenant see covenant.

            negative easement see easement.

            negative goodwill see goodwill (4).

            negative income effect see Giffen’s paradox.

            negative income tax TAXN. & PUB. FIN. a plan
            for what is not really a tax but the opposite,
            ‘ e. a welfare subsidy to be paid by the govern-
            ment to all persons with low incomes to bring
            their standard of living up to a reasonable level.
            Some, including Milton Friedman, favour the
            idea because it would reduce administrative
            costs, but others, esp. those who pay positive
            income tax, believe that it would make the
            poorer people less willing to work.

            negative interest see under interest.

            negative investment see disinvestment.

            negative utility see disutility.

            neglected sTK. EXCH. of a security, receiving no
            attention: Chemicals were neglected, there were
            very few deals in chemical shares.

            negligence (1) LAW neglect to perform a duty.
            In law, where there is a duty to take care, the
            omission to do something which a reasonable
            man in normal conditions would do, or the
            doing of something which a reasonable, wise
            and careful man would not do. An employer
            who fails to provide a safe system of work
            for his employees is negligent. Syn. (Scotl aa
            quasi-delict. Abbr. neg. - syn. (Scotland)
            contributory negligence where an injured per-
            ae S own carelessness helped to cause an acci-

            ent, the court may reduce the damages

            according to the
            wee ee. Proportion of blame resting

            (2) TRANSPT. & INSC
            less failure of the
            = re properly or to tell the carriers that
            pecial care was needed. This is one of the

            vered by the
            y and for which the carriers are

            E. (loss caused by) the care-
            shipper to pack and protect

            excepted perils or risks not co
            insurance polic
            not liable.


                evince -p 372 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            — he ie et

            ‘nent (1) neglectful; failing to take care:

            neglig negligent in his duties/responsibilities/work.
            _ NS eed by or connected with carelessness:
            A negligent act. ve

            ligent collision MAR. INSCE. a collision that

            wae d have been avoided if more care had been

            ‘aken or if more skill had been employed. Opp.
            accidental collision. Bee.

            negociant COM. a wholesale dealer, esp. in wines
            (from French). Cf. negotiant. ,

            negotiability BKG. & FIN. (1) the quality of
            being negotiable. (2) the ease or speed with
            which an instrument can be negotiated.

            negotiable BKG. of a document, esp. an instru-
            ment, able to be negotiated, i.e. transferred
            by one person to another either by delivery
            (handing it over) as with a bank-note, or by
            endorsement (signing it on the back). Cf. ‘not
            negotiable’ (see crossed cheque under cheque).

            negotiable cheque see under cheque.

            negotiable instrument BKG. an instrument
            (formal document) the right to receive payment
            of which may be transferred (passed on) by
            one person to another. Negotiable instruments
            include: bank-notes, bearer share-certificates,
            bills of exchange, certain cheques, debentures
            payable to bearer, promissory notes, share war-
            rants payable to bearer, Treasury bills. Cf. non-
            negotiable instrument. Syn. negotiable secur-
            ity.

            negotiant a negotiator. Cf. negociant.

            negotiate (1) COM. to discuss formally for the
            purpose of arranging a business deal; to bar-
            gain formally: To negotiate a contract/order/
            prices. (2) FIN. to reach an arrangement about
            money: Jo negotiate a loan/mortgage/wage
            rates. (3) BKG. to discount (sell at a discount)
            a bill of exchange, cheque or promissory note,
            or to transfer ownership of any of these to
            another party. See negotiable instrument: auth-
            ority to negotiate. N. negotiator one who nego-
            tiates.

            negotiation com. the act or process of negotia-
            ting, of bargaining over business deals.
            negotiations p/. formal discussions on any kind
            of business with the aim of reaching an
            arrangement acceptable to all those taking
            part, such as pay negotiations between an
            employer and a trade union, or trade nego-
            tiations between one country and another.

            neighbourhood retailing see convenience
            store,

            neighbourhood unit in modern town planning
            a place that is part of a town but which is a
            relatively self-contained unit, having its own
            shopping centre, a post office. a school, a
            library, and perh. a health centre and branches
            of banks, building societies, etc.

            nem. Con. nemine contradicente.

            nem. dis. nemine dissentiente see nem. con.

            nemine contradicente (Latin) no one disagree-

            net income - 361

            ing ; words used in minutes (records) of the

            decisions made at a meeting. A motion is said

            to be carried nem. con. when no one has spoken
            or voted against it. Syn. nem. dis.: nemine
            dissentiente.

            Neo-Classical School (of economic thought)
            see Cambridge School.

            neo-colonialism ECON. the new relationship
            that has grown between the advanced and
            the less-developed countries since the Second
            World War, a period during which most col-
            onial countries have gained their indepen-
            dence. They are now connected by informal
            economic and other ties to the advanced coun-
            tries on whom they were formerly dependent.
            Cf. colonialism.

            neo-Liberals see Chicago School.

            n.@.s. not elsewhere specified.

            nest-egg FIN. (collog.) (1) money saved for
            future spending, esp. in case of urgent or
            unforeseen need. (2) any reserve of money not
            allocated for a particular purpose.

            net or nett com. the exact amount after all
            allowances and reductions, such as discounts
            and rebates, have been deducted; an amount
            actually payable; an amount that will not qual-
            ify for any discount or other deduction: Net
            price, a price on which no discount will be
            allowed. Terms net cash, payment of the full
            amount stated is expected in cash, no credit or
            discount being allowed.

            net annual value see annual value.

            net asset backing ACCTS. & STK. EXCH. a figure
            used to measure the net worth of a share.
            calculated by dividing the total value of all the
            assets of the company (the net asset value) by
            the total number of its issued shares. If the
            market price of a share is below its asset
            backing, the company may be attractive to a
            takeover bidder. Syn. net asset value.

            net assets see under assets.

            Net Book Agreement com. in Britain, a book-
            trade agreement made in 1901 and still in
            force, in a form based on a 1957 revision, that
            publishers will supply certain books, called net
            books, at trade prices on the understanding
            that booksellers will not sell them to the public,
            including schools, libraries and other insti-
            tutions in Britain, at less than the net published
            price fixed by the publisher from time to time.
            The purpose was to stop the price cutting that
            was at one time ruining the book trade. Non-
            net books are usu. school, college and reference
            books. See also resale price maintenance.

            net book value accts. the amount at which an
            asset is valued in the accounts of a company,
            i.e. cost less accumulated depreciation. Abbr.
            N.B.V.

            net current assets see working capital under
            capital.

            net income see under income.



                evince -p 373 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            362 - net interest

            net interest see gross interest under interest.
            net investment see under investment.

            net loss see under loss. ae
            net margin com. the net profit made by a retailer

            on the sale of a commodity or article. It is the
            difference between the gross profit and the
            retailer’s selling expenses, and is usu. expressed
            as a percentage of sales. See margin (5). Cf.
            gross margin.
            net national product ECON. THEORY the
            amount of the gross national product after
            making an allowance for: changes in the value
            of stocks of goods owing to changes in the
            value of money; and capital consumption, 1.e.
            the amount of capital goods used up in the
            course of production. Abbr. N.N.P.
            net output see under output.
            net personalty see under personal estate. Abbr.
            n.p.
            net present value see discounted cash flow.
            Abbr. N.P.V.
            net price see under price.
            net proceeds see under proceeds. Abbr. n/p.
            net profit see under profit.
            net realizable value accts. the statement of
            the value of an asset in terms of the profit that
            would be made if the asset were sold, i.e. the
            sum received less costs incurred in bringing
            the asset to a saleable state and the costs of the
            sale itself. Abbr. N.R.V.
            net receipts ACCTS. & FIN. the total amount of
            money received after making an allowance for
            expenses. Cf. gross receipts.
            net register tonnage see under tonnage.
            net rental FIN. the amount of rent received by
            the owner of property after deducting expenses
            such as general rates, water rates, insurance,
            and repairs.
            net reproduction rate see under reproduction
            rate. Abbr. N.R.R.
            net sales ACCTS. gross sales reduced by amounts
            allowed to customers as credits for goods retur-
            ned, goods over-invoiced, etc.
            nett see net.
            net tangible assets see under assets. Abbr.
            N.T.A.
            netting-down Com. & FIN. the calculation of
            the net equivalent of a gross amount, by simply
            deducting a proportionate part or percentage.
            Opp. grossing-up.
            net ton see short ton under ton.
            net wage see under wage.
            net weight see under weight. Abbr. nt. wt.
            network COMP. any system that connects per-
            sons in different places, thus making it possible
            for them to share the use of a central computer
            and to exchange information with it and with
            each other. This process of sharing a computer
            system is called networking.
            network analysis see critical path analysis.
            networking MAN. the process of making con-


            tacts and influencing others through an infor.
            mal communication system (€.g. persona
            contacts through friends or counterparts in

            different organizations), rather than through
            formal channels of communication and report.
            ing responsibility within an organization.

            net worth Accs. & FIN. the value of a compan
            calculated as its total assets less its total liabjj;t.
            ies. It is thus equivalent to the shareholder
            equity in the company. Syn. owners’ equity.
            surplus.
            tangible net worth net worth calculated withoy;
            including any intangible assets, such as good-
            will.

            neutral n. in a war, a country that is not fighting
            on either side: Ireland remained a neutral during
            the war. See contraband of war under contra-
            band.
            adj. relating to a neutral country: A neutral
            ship[flag/port. N. neutrality, the state of being
            neutral.

            Nev. Nevada, U.S.A.

            never-never (system) COM. & FIN. (collog.) the
            hire-purchase system: To buy something on the
            never-never, to pay for something by instal-
            ments.

            New Deal ECON. HIST. a series of economic laws
            introduced between 1933 and 1939 by the U.S.
            Government under Franklin D. Roosevelt to
            rebuild the American economy after the severe
            depression of 1928-32. A very large pro-
            gramme of public works, esp. the building
            of dams and electric power-stations, relieved
            unemployment; financial help was given to
            farmers and to the smaller units of industry
            and commerce; and a general reorganization
            of the nation’s financial system, labour laws
            and housing programmes, put the whole econ-
            omy on a firmer basis.

            New Economics see Keynesian Economics.

            new impression see edition; reprint.

            new issue market sTK. EXCH. the part of the
            capital market that is concerned with new
            issues of shares. See issue of securities; issuing-
            house. Syn. (U.S.A.) initial public offering.

            new product development the process
            through which a company innovates in its
            product range. Abbr. N.P.D.

            news agency an organization that gathers news
            from its reporters, correspondents and other
            contacts and sells it to newspapers, radio and
            television concerns and to individual subscrib-
            ers such as offices, stock and commodity ex-

            changes, and government departments. Cf.
            newsagent.

            newsagent com. in Britain, a shopkeeper who
            sells newspapers, magazines and books, usu.
            along with other kinds of goods, such as sweets,

            tobacco, stationery, toys, and simple medi-
            cines. Cf. news agency.

            new share see under share.


                evince -p 374 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            newspaper circulation see under circulation.

            news-stand Com. a stall in a street or other
            public place, at which newspapers are sold.

            new time dealings STK. EXCH. late deals made
            after the Stock Exchange has closed on the last
            day of the Account and which are treated as
            having been made (and are settled) during the
            next Account. acihie

            new venture MAN. an organization's attempt to
            enter new markets through organic growth
            rather than by acquisition.

            New York Futures Exchange sTK. ExcH. New
            York futures market, the equivalent of Lon-
            don’s LIFFE.

            New York Stock Exchange (N.Y.S.E.) stx.
            EXCH. the largest stock exchange in the U.S.A..,
            on Wall St. in New York City, started in 1792.
            The members consist of partners in firms, and
            officers of stock corporations; they are divided
            into brokerage or commission houses who buy
            and sell securities for the public; and floor
            traders and specialists who buy for themselves
            and sell through the brokerage and commission
            houses to the public. The N.Y. Stock Exchange
            has very strict rules for admitting corporations
            to a quotation; they must be enterprises of
            national importance, must possess large assets,
            and must be able to make big profits. See also
            Wall Street; Big Board; Street, the.

            New Zealand-—Australia Free Trade Agree-
            ment (N.A.F.T.A.) com. an agreement sign-
            ed in 1966 ‘to further the development of the
            area and the use of the resources of the area’
            by encouraging an expansion of trade of benefit
            to both countries, esp. by reducing by stages
            the import duties on over 1000 items until none
            is payable.

            next business MAN. at formal meetings, a
            motion ‘that this meeting proceed with (or to)
            the next business’, if approved by the votes of
            a majority of those present, is a reasonable way
            of putting an end to discussion that has lasted
            too long.

            N/F, N.F. no funds.

            N.F., Nfd. Newfoundland, Canada.

            N.F.D. no fixed date.

            NH, N.H. New Hampshire, U.S.A.

            N.H.I. national health insurance.

            N.H.S. National Health Service.

            N.1!. Northern Ireland; national insurance.

            N.1.C. newly industrializing country.

            niche strategy MAN. the strategy of focusing
            on one sector of a market, the needs of which
            are not being fully met, and concentrating
            company resources on that sector in order to
            try to dominate it.

            nickel FIN. (1) a hard metal, white like silver,
            used in alloys, esp. with copper (cupro-nickel),
            for making coins. (2) in U.S.A., a small coin

            worth five cents. (3) (collog.) any coin of little
            value.

            ‘no funds’ - 363

            nicker (collog.) one pound.

            nics, WN.I.C.S. National Insurance contri-
            butions.

            Nielsen com. the common name for the A.
            C. Nielsen Co., one of the world’s largest
            marketing research companies. It specializes
            in data on consumer shopping patterns, and
            pioneered the concept of the retail audit.

            N.1.F. note issuance facility.

            night safe BKG. a service provided by most
            banks that makes it possible for customers, by
            previous arrangement, to deposit cash with the
            bank after banking hours. The service is of
            special use to shopkeepers, who thus avoid
            having to keep large sums of money overnight.

            nil nothing.

            Nippon Kaiji Kyokai see Japanese Marine Cor-
            poration.

            NJ, N.J. New Jersey, U.S.A.

            N.L. no liability (company).

            N.Lat. north latitude.

            N.L.F. National Loans Fund

            NM, N.M. New Mexico, U.S.A.

            n.m. nautical miles.

            N/m. no mark(s) (on bill of lading).

            N.N.P. net national product.

            No. number. See also Nos.

            N.O., N/o. no orders.

            ‘No account’ BKG. words written or stamped by
            a bank on a cheque that it is returning unpaid
            because the drawer has no account with that
            bank. Cf. ‘no funds’. Abbr. N/A.; N/a.

            ‘no advice’ BKG. words written or stamped by
            a bank on a domiciled bill of exchange when
            the bank has received no advice or orders from
            the acceptor to pay, and therefore returns the
            bill unpaid. Syn. ‘no orders’. Abbr. N/A.; N/a.

            no carbon required (paper) a writing or typ-
            ing paper that has been treated with chemicals
            so that it transfers an impression from the back
            of one sheet on to the front of the next sheet,
            thus giving a copy and making carbon paper
            unnecessary. It is much used for forms that
            have to be made in several copies. Abbr.
            N.C.R.

            no-claim discount see under discount.

            nod (collog.) On the nod, on credit: to be paid
            for later. Syn. (collog.) on tick.

            nodal point a point where roads, railways,
            waterways and sea and air routes meet or Cross,

            thus forming a place with Strong advantages
            for the development of trade, industry and
            travel.

            no effects’ see ‘no funds’. Abbr. N_E.

            no funds’ BKG. words sometimes written or
            stamped by a bank on a cheque that is being
            returned unpaid because there are no funds in
            the drawer’s account from which to pay it. This
            wording has been replaced in Britain by the
            words ‘refer to drawer’. Abbr. N/F.; N.F. Syn.
            ‘no effects’.



                evince -p 375 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            364 - no-liability company

            no-liability company see under company.
            no-load fund see under mutual fund.
            nom. nominal.
            nominal accounts see accounts, 71. pl.
            nominal assets see fictitious assets under assets.
            nominal capital see authorized capital.
            nominal coupon see nominal interest under
            interest.
            nominal damages see under damages, n. pl.
            nominal interest see under interest.
            nominal ledger see under ledger.
            nominal partner see under partner.
            nominal price STK. EXCH. (1) a price (for a
            security) given only as a rough guide, not a
            price at which he is willing to buy or sell. (2)
            the par value of a security. (3) COMMOD. EXCH.
            The price that dealers believe would be the
            likely price in the market, esp. relating to a
            commodity not often dealt with.
            nominal value see par value.
            nominal wages see under wages.
            nominal yield see under yield.
            nominate (1) to propose a person by name for
            election to an office or for appointment to a
            post: Mr John Smith has been nominated for
            election to the board of directors, his name has
            been proposed as a person to be elected. /
            nominate Mrs Mary Jones for appointment to the
            post of sales manager, | put forward her name
            for this post. (2) STK. EXCH. & BKG. to appoint
            a person (called a nominee) or a company (a
            nominee company) to act as agent or represen-
            tative in place of another person or organi-
            zation whose name is to be kept secret.
            nominee (1) a person who has been nominated
            (proposed by name) for election to an office or
            for appointment to a post. (2) STK. EXCH. a
            person or organization, such as a bank, ap-
            pointed to act in place of another as holder of
            securities, in order that the name of the real
            owner shall be kept a secret. (3) INSCE. in an
            annuity policy, the person on whose life the
            insurance is based. (4) LAW in a lease of prop-
            erty, the person named as the lessee or tenant.
            nominee company BKG. a company specially
            formed by a bank for the purpose of holding
            stocks and shares which have been given as
            security for advances made by the bank.
            nominee director see under director.
            non- (Latin, not) a negative prefix. (1) (usu.
            before a noun) not included in a particular
            group or class: A non-member. A non-resident.
            (2) (before an adj. or adv.) not; the opposite of:
            Non-essential details. A non-contributory pension.
            (3) (before a verbal noun) failure or refusal:
            Non-acceptance, failure or refusal to accept.
            Non-payment. Non-delivery.
            non-acceptance BKG. & COM. of a bill of ex-
            change, failure by the person on whom the
            bill is drawn (the drawee) to accept it on


            presentation. See dishonour; protest. Abbr
            N/A.; N/a. :
            non-assented stock see under stock.
            non-business days BKG. @ FIN. in Britain
            certain days in the year that are not counted
            when the time for doing any act is limited t,
            less than three days. These days are, broadly
            Saturdays, Sundays, Good Friday, Christmas
            Day (25 December), New Year's Day (1 Jan.
            uary), bank holidays and any special day
            ordered by the Crown to be a non-business
            day. All other days are business days. See bank
            holidays.
            non-clearers see clearing banks.
            non-contributory pension scheme one ip
            which the employee does not contribute, since
            the employer bears the whole cost of financing
            the pension. Cf. contributory pension scheme.
            non-cumulative preference share see under
            share.
            non-disclosure agreement MAN. & LAW an
            agreement which allows confidential commer-
            cial information to be revealed to a third party
            but which binds the third party to secrecy. It
            is often used when negotiating the sale of a
            new product which is still confidential.
            non-durables see consumer non-durables.
            non-executive director see under director.
            non-feasance LAW failure to do an act that
            ought by law to be done. A person who leaves
            a restaurant without paying for his meal is
            guilty of non-feasance because he failed in his
            legal duty to pay before leaving. Cf. misfeas-
            ance.
            non-forfeiture period INSCE. a length of time
            following non-payment of premiums on a life
            insurance policy during which the insurer
            allows the insured person to choose whether to
            surrender the policy or to have it made into a
            paid-up policy. If at the end of the period the
            premiums are still unpaid, the policy lapses
            (comes to an end). If the insured dies during
            this time, the insurers must pay the difference
            between the sum insured and the amount of
            the unpaid premiums.
            non-insurable risk see uninsurable risk under
            risk (3).
            non-joinder LAw failure to include in an action
            a person who ought to be a party to it.
            non-marketable securities see under securit-
            1es.

            non-monetary investment see under invest-
            ment.

            non-negotiable instrument BKG. any instru-

            _ ment (formal document) the right to receive
            payment of which cannot by law or custom
            be transferred (passed on) by one person to
            another. Such instruments consist mainly of
            bills of exchange, including cheques, that are
            payable to a named payee only or that bear
            any restrictive endorsement; that are marked



                evince -p 376 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &


            ‘not negotiable’ or ‘not transferable’, or that
            a overdue. Cf. negotiable ee
            ; -participating share see under share. M
            ee hysical money see substitute money ™
            non-
            ney. a
            Monee atition see under competition.

            -pri om |
            ot anol a FIN. (of bills of exchange

            ‘nstruments) not of the best quality
            es ihe holder cannot be absolutely sure me
            that payment will be made on maturity.

            non-profit corporation see non-stock corpo-
            ration under corporation. |
            non-profit policy see without-profits policy
            under insurance policy.
            non-recoverable see irrecoverable.
            non-renounceable issue see under issue of mn
            securities.
            non-resident FIN. & BKG. in Britain, persons
            and organizations who are regarded by the
            exchange control authorities as living perma- mM
            nently outside the scheduled territories (the
            United Kingdom, the Channel Islands, the
            Isle of Man, the Republic of Ireland, and ne
            Gibraltar); and by the Inland Revenue auth-
            orities as living permanently outside the
            United Kingdom (only England, Wales, Scot-
            land and Northern Ireland). ne
            non-state socialism see under socialism.
            non-stock corporation see under corporation.
            nonsuit LAw n. (1) a decision by a judge against
            a plaintiff who has failed to produce sufficient
            evidence, or has no good reason in law for
            bringing the action, or has shown unreasonable
            delay in carrying on the action. (2) the stopping nn
            of a court action by the plaintiff after the trial

            has begun. ne
            v. to order that the plaintiff has failed in his mn
            action. ne

            non-trading partnership see under partner-
            ship.

            non-voting share see under share.

            ‘ho orders’ see ‘no advice’. Abbr. N.O.; N/o. n

            n.O.p. not otherwise provided.

            no-par-value share see under share.

            Norf. Norfolk, England.

            noria see sakia.

            norm see mode.

            normal price see under price.

            normal profit see under profit.

            Norske Veritas sHipG. the Norwegian ship-
            classification society. Cf. Lloyd’s Register of
            Nae See classification societies. Abbr.

            Northants. Northamptonshire, England. n

            Northd. Northumberland, England.

            Nos. numbers: used in lists to refer to single
            articles, not dozens or any other unit such as_ on
            those of volume or weight.

            nostro account BKG. (Jtalian, our account) the
            account of a bank with its agent or correspon-

            dent in a foreign country and recorded in the

            notify - 365

            currency of that country. The expression means
            ‘our account with you in the currency of your
            country’. Cf. loro account; vostro account.
            sta bene (Latin) note well. Abbr. N.B.
            »tarial Law of or relating to a notary: A notarial
            act, an act that must by law be done by a
            notary. A notarial deed, one drawn up by a
            notary. A notarial ticket, see noting. am |
            stary LAW a public official, usu. a solicitor,
            who performs various duties with regard to
            legal documents, such as witnessing signatures,
            attending to persons making solemn declar-
            ations, noting (recording the dishonouring of)
            bills of exchange, etc. In Britain he 1s called a
            notary-public. Abbr. N.P. Adj. notarial.

            >te FIN. & BKG. a promise in writing to pay
            money or to repay a loan or other debt. See
            also: currency notes; promissory note; Trea-
            sury note, etc. |
            »tebook (1) a book in which notes are written.
            (2) a book in which details of promissory notes
            are recorded.

            >te-case a small case, usu. of leather, for
            banknotes and other personal papers carried
            by a man in a pocket of his clothing. Syn.
            billfold (U.S.A.); wallet; pocket-book.

            ote issuance facility FIN. & BKG. in Europe,
            a market in which medium-term borrowers
            issue Euronotes having a term of 6 or 9 months,
            the notes being bought mainly by institutional
            investors and usu. underwritten (for a fee) by
            banks. Abbr. N.I.F.s. For short-term borrowers
            there are S.N.I.F.s.

            ote issue see currency circulation; fiduciary
            note issue.

            ote of hand see promissory note.

            otes in circulation see currency circulation.
            ot-for-profit organization MAN. the term
            used, esp. in the U.S.A., for any organization
            whose prime mission is not to make money, e.g.
            a charity or a government service department.
            otice (1) LAW information given formally in
            advance; a formal warning: To give the share-
            holders notice of a general meeting of the com-
            pany. To give an employee notice of dismissal/of
            termination (ending) of his services. To give notice
            of dishonour of a bill of exchange. To serve
            notice on someone, to hand a written document
            containing the notice to the person concerned
            or to send it to him by registered post. (2) MAN.
            the minimum period of warning required to be
            given of the end of employment by either party
            to a contract of employment.

            otice, distringas see distringas notice.

            ae of abandonment see under abandon-
            otice of dishonour see under dishonour (1)
            Ootify to give formal notice to, to inform some-
            body: You must notify the police and your insur-

            ers that your money has been stolen. N.
            notification.



                evince -p 377 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            366 - noting

            noting LAW & BKG. the proving of the non-
            acceptance or non-payment of a bill of ex-
            change when it becomes due. This is done by
            a notary appointed by the holder of the bill.
            The notary presents it again to the drawee for
            acceptance, or to the acceptor for payment. If
            the bill remains neither accepted nor paid, the
            notary notes it by giving it a special mark,
            adding his signature, the date and the amount
            of his charges, and by fixing to it a ticket,
            called a notarial ticket recording the reason that
            he has been given for non-acceptance or non-
            payment. All details are also recorded in his
            register. The noted bill is returned to the hold-
            er.

            ‘not in order’ BKG. words written or stamped
            by a bank on a cheque which Is being returned
            unpaid because it contains a mistake, e.g. the
            words and figures do not agree.

            notional income see under income.

            notional price ECON. see impute.

            notional rent ACCTS. see impute.

            not negotiable see crossed cheque under che-
            que.

            ‘not provided for’ BkG. words written or stam-
            ped by a bank on a cheque returned unpaid
            because the drawer has not arranged to have
            enough money in his account to cover the
            amount. British banks now prefer to use the
            words refer to drawer. Abbr. n.p.f.

            ‘not sufficient (funds)’ BKG. words written
            or stamped by a bank on a cheque returned
            unpaid because there is insufficient in the draw-
            er’s account to cover the amount of the cheque.
            British banks now prefer to use the words refer
            to drawer. Abbr. n.s.; n.s.f.

            Notts. Nottinghamshire, England.

            novation LAW the replacing of an old contract
            by a new one, or of one debtor by another. It
            usu. happens when a contract between two
            parties is replaced by a new contract between
            three or more parties, the new parties being
            the persons who have taken over the duties
            and responsibilities of one of the old parties.

            novelties p/. CoM. small attractive or decorative
            articles, often intended as gifts, but usu. of
            little use or value, such as toys, cheap jewellery,
            and ornaments for the home or office. Sing.
            novelty. )

            NOW, N.O.W. Negotiable Order of Withdraw-
            al, see current account under bank account.

            N.P. notary-public.

            n/p. net proceeds.

            Np, np neap (tides).

            n.p. net personalty; non-participating.

            N.P.D. new product development.

            n.p.f. not provided for.

            n.p. Or d. no place or date.

            N.P.V. net present value; no par value.

            nr. near,

            N.R. no risk.

            N.R.R. net reproduction rate.

            N.R.T., n.r.t. net register tonnage.

            N.R.V. net realizable value.

            N.S. Nova Scotia, Canada.

            n.s. not specified; not sufficient (funds).

            n.s.f. not sufficient funds.

            N.S.W. New South Wales, Australia.

            N.T. Northern Territory, Australia.

            m.t. net terms.

            N.T.A. net tangible assets.

            nt. wt. net weight.

            nude contract see under contract.

            nudum pactum (Latin, a nude contract) se¢
            nude contract under contract.

            nuisance LAW an inconvenience which inter-
            feres directly with the ordinary comfort of
            human beings.
            common nuisance see public nuisance below.
            private nuisance the unreasonable use of one’s
            land to the harm of one’s neighbour, or the
            wrongful allowing of harmful things to escape
            into a neighbour’s land. Such nuisance may
            give good reason for an action in the courts
            for damages or for a court order to stop the
            nuisance. It is not a crime but a tort (a civil
            wrong).
            public nuisance any act or omission which inter-
            feres with the safety, comfort, interests or
            rights of the public is a crime, and may be
            dealt with in the criminal courts. A person
            suffering damage more serious than that
            suffered by the general public can bring a civil
            action in the courts. Syn. common nuisance.

            null having no effect, no power: The law has been
            declared null and void, declared to have no
            force.

            nullity LAW something that is declared by law
            as having never existed, such as an illegal
            contract, or a marriage illegally performed.
            Syn. void. Opp. validity.

            number see opposite number. Abbr. No.
            Sign #.

            number-cruncher (collog.) an actuary.

            number(ed) account see under bank account.

            numéraire FIN. & ECON. a French word used of
            money considered as a measure of value.

            numerical filing see under filing system.

            numismatic adj. of, relating to, coins and coin-
            age.

            numismatics n. the collecting and study of
            coins. Also numismatology.

            numismatist n. a person interested in, or trai-
            ned in, numismatics.

            nummary of, relating to, dealing with, coins
            and money. Syn. nummulary.

            nummular coin-shaped.

            nummulary see nummary.

            nurse (1) to take special care of, e.g. a child or
            sick person. (2) MAN. To nurse a business, to
            manage it well, esp. by making it grow and
            become profitable after it has been making


                evince -p 378 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &


            losses. (3) COM. To nurse stocks, to keep stocks
            unsold in the expectation of higher prices. (4)
            BKG. To nurse an account, to help a customer
            whose debt is overdue by giving him time to
            ay what he owes, sp. when the market value
            of the security he has given will not cover the
            amount of his debt. . . |
            nursery (garden) AGR. a business in which
            plants are grown and sold. The owner or man-
            ager is called a murseryman.

            NV Nevada, U.S.A.

            N.V. Norske Veritas.

            N.W. North-West.

            n. wt. net weight.

            N.W.T. North West Territories, Canada.

            NY, N.Y. New York (State), U.S.A.

            C. New York City, U.S.A.

            S.E. New York Stock Exchange.
            New Zealand.

            O. Ohio, U.S.A.

            O.A., 0.a. office automation.

            0.a. overall (measurement).

            o/a. on account of.

            O.& M. organization and method(s).

            0.A.P., 0.a.p. old age pension(er) in Britain
            (now retirement pension(er)). Also called
            senior citizen. See pension.

            Q.A.S. Organization of American States.

            oath LAW a solemn declaration sworn in the
            name of God, promising to tell the truth as
            a witness in court or when signing certain
            documents, such as an affidavit. To take an
            oath. To swear on oath. To give evidence on/under
            oath. To break/keep/be true to one’s oath. Cf.
            affirmation.

            O.A.U. Organization of African Unity.

            O.B. ordinary business (life insurance).

            o/b. on or before (followed by a date).

            obiter dictum LAw (Latin, said by the way,
            in passing) an opinion or remark on a legal
            question expressed by a judge in the course of
            giving his judgment, often while explaining the
            reasons for his decision; such remarks are not
            essential to his judgment and are not binding
            on future judges. P/. obiter dicta.

            object language see under language.

            objects (of a company) LAw the purposes for
            which the company has been formed, including
            the classes of goods or services in which by law
            it has power to deal. These objects are stated,
            usu. in much detail, in the objects clause of the
            company’s Memorandum of Association, and
            its powers are limited to those given in this
            Clause.

            obligation (1) any duty, promise or agreement
            that is morally or legally binding: To be under

            N.Y.
            N.Y.
            N.Z.

            . = oe a

            occupancy - 367

            an obligation to, to owe a duty to. A moral
            obligation, a duty arising from a sense of right
            and wrong, not from force of law, such as one’s
            duty to help a friend, to entertain a traveller,
            to repay a kindness. (2) LAW (a) A legal obli-
            gation, any duty or agreement that has the
            force of law, such as a contract. (b) the formal
            document recording such an agreement, such
            as a bond. (3) accTs. the relation between
            debtor and creditor: To meet/fulfil one’s obli-
            gations, to pay one’s debts. (4) COM. Without
            obligation, without binding oneself (to buy a
            thing or to accept a deal). 3
            implied obligation a duty or liability that is not
            expressed in a particular contract but which
            the law accepts as being in existence.
            obligatory adj. morally or legally binding; that
            must be done; carrying an obligation: Your
            attendance at the meeting is obligatory, you must
            attend. Syn. compulsory. Adv. obligatorily.
            oblige (1) to force, command, a person to do
            something: Lack of demand obliges us to reduce
            production. You are not obliged to work after 5
            o'clock. (2) to owe a moral duty to: J am much
            obliged to you for your kindness, 1 thank you for
            being so kind. J do not wish to become obliged
            to them by accepting their gifts/hospitality. (3) to
            help, to do a favour for, somebody: Please
            oblige me by giving me change for a five pound
            note. He is very obliging, he is very helpful.
            Always try to oblige a customer, try to help him.

            obligee see bond, n.

            obligor see bond, n.

            obsolescence (1) becoming out of date. (2)
            ACCTS. the loss in value of an asset, such as a
            machine, when it becomes out of date, i.e. the
            owner would find it profitable to replace it by
            a newer and more efficient article.
            planned obsolescence the replacement of goods,
            not because they are worn out, but because the
            owners have been persuaded to buy new goods
            by the pressure from advertisers wishing to
            expand their markets.

            obsolete Com. & IND. no longer used; of a kind
            that is not now made or no longer in demand:
            Obsolete machinery, machinery that has been
            or ought to be replaced by more modern and
            more efficient kinds. Obsolete stocks, stocks of
            goods that are unsaleable because they are no
            longer in demand.

            o/c. overcharge.

            O.C.A.M.M. Organisation Commune Afri-
            caine, Malgache et Mauritienne (the African,
            Malagasy and Mauritian Common Organi-
            zation).

            Oc.B/L. ocean bill of lading.

            occupancy TOUR. the degree, expressed as a
            percentage of the total, to which beds or rooms
            in a hotel are occupied (hired) by guests. Thus
            if a hotel has 100 rooms of which 85 were
            occupied by guests on a particular night, there


                evince -p 379 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &


            368 - occupant
            y. This is also known as the

            85° occupane
            thc upancy rate.

            ratio or occ | : |
            rnin ho occupies (lives in oF

            erson W OF
            ae e or room or office; the

            a hous
            works in), esp. a On Linge a
            owner or tenant who lives in a house. Syv

            ee (1) the kind of regular aa nic
            a person does to earn his living; ue rate
            fession, trade, business or situation as
            pro : : : is that of lawyer/
            employee. His occupation ts t ;
            merchant/grocer/clerk. She is a dressmaker by
            occupation. Gainful occupation, regular, paid
            work. See also occupations, pl. (2) having pos-
            session and control of land and buildings and
            the right to use them. (3) (a) the action of
            one country in seizing and controlling land
            belonging to another country. (b) the period
            during which the seizure and control lasts.
            occupational of, having to do with, an occu-
            pation (one’s trade or profession): An occu-
            pational disease, an illness caused by the work
            that one does.
            occupational hazard a possible cause of harm,
            in the course of one’s work, such as an illness
            from poisonous substances, dust, excessive
            heat; or injury from accidents with machines
            or from severe weather.
            occupational lease see under lease.
            occupational medicine see industrial medi-
            cine.
            occupational pension see under pension.
            occupational psychology see industrial psy-
            chology.
            occupations p/. IND. & COM. kinds of work done
            in different industries, professions, trades and
            businesses.
            commercial occupations the work of buying and
            of selling, both raw materials to producers and
            finished products to the users or consumers.
            See commerce.
            constructional occupations see manufacturing
            occupations below.
            extractive occupations the work of obtaining
            raw materials from the earth and the sea, such
            as all forms of agriculture, forestry, fishing,
            mining and quarrying, hydro-electric power,
            mineral oil and natural gas. Syn. primary occu-
            pations.
            manufacturing occupations the work of making
            raw materials into finished products of all
            kinds. They include the constructional occu-
            pations such as building houses, bridges and
            roads. Syn. secondary occupations.
            primary occupations see extractive occupations
            above.
            secondary occupations see manufacturing occu-
            pations above.
            Service occupations the work of performing per-
            sonal services of a ski i-ski
            illed or semi-skilled
            — — - that of architects, lawyers,
            : ssers and tailors.

            occupier see occupant. — |
            occupy (1) to live in, work in, or have possession
            of. usu. a space or place such as land ang
            buildings or parts of buildings such as rooms
            shops, flats, offices: We occupy a flat on the
            ground floor. All our rooms are occupied. The
            new computer occupies less space than the old.
            (2) to hold, to fill (a post). Mr White will occupy
            the position|post of chief executive.
            ocean bill of lading see under bill of lading.
            Abbr. Oc. B/L. .
            ocean-going SHIPG. of a ship, built to cross the
            oceans, far from land. Syn. sea-going.
            Oceania the ocean area of the Pacific, lying
            between Asia and America and containing
            Australia, New Zealand and the Pacific
            Islands. It may be divided into four main
            regions: Melanesia, Micronesia, Polynesia and
            Australasia (Australia and New Zealand).
            oceanic see maritime.
            ocean terminal see terminal.
            O.C.R. optical character recognition.
            octroi TAXN. (1) a local tax on food and house-
            hold articles brought into an area, such as a
            town or city governed by a local authority.
            Most countries have abolished the octroi
            because of the high cost of collection. (2) the
            place where this tax is collected, and the
            officials who collect it. Pron. ok-trwa.
            O/d, o/d on demand; overdraft; on deck.
            odd (1) unusual; different from the normal or
            regular: Odd sizes, sizes e.g. of clothes, shoes,
            least often demanded. (2) incomplete; not in
            whole numbers or complete quantities: Twenty
            pounds-odd, some pence more than £20. / have
            only a few odd pence, the exact number is
            unimportant but is not enough to make up one
            pound. (3) in a set of values, any value that
            cannot wholly be divided by 2, i.e. 1, 3, 5, etc.
            See also odds.
            odd-job (man) see job, n. (1).
            odd lot sTK. EXCH. an irregular and usu. small
            quantity of shares or stock, e. g. 67 shares or
            £67 of stock. Because dealers prefer to trade in
            round lots or parcels (regular units) e.g. of 100
            shares or £100 of stock, odd lots are often more
            difficult to sell and therefore tend to have a
            lower price than round lots. Syn. broken
            amount; broken lot; job lot.
            oddment COM. an article or commodity that is
            being sold cheaply because it is part of an
            incomplete set or because the quantity is
            unusually small.
            odds pl. (1) the chance or probability (of a
            certain thing happening): The odds are against
            a good harvest after a dry summer, the harvest
            will probably not be good. The odds are in
            favour of a successful deal, the deal will probably
            be a success. (2) a usual or expected price. Over
            the odds: more than usual.


                evince -p 380 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            ———————

            dds and ends various bits and pieces leftover
            : or parts of incomplete sets. e
            dd time INScE. the period from the date of a
            ; new insurance contract to the next quarter- ©

            da

            0.E C.D. Organization for Economic Co-oper-

            d Development (formerly O.E.E.C.).

            ion an ,
            OEE.C. Organization for European Economic
            Co-operation (now O.E.C.D.). C
            O.E.M. original equipment manufacturer.
            off. official.

            off sTK. EXCH. of prices, lower, falling. Cf. on.

            off-balance sheet FIN. methods of financing a
            company which do not appear in the balance
            sheet because they are not capitalized; they can
            thus alter the entire structure of the financial
            report and are accordingly now being discour-
            aged. The most common form of off-balance-
            sheet financing is to acquire assets on leases
            rather than buying them outright.

            off-board market see over-the-counter market
            under market.

            off-card rate ADVTG. a price for advertising
            space which has been negotiated at a price
            other than that which appears on the rate card
            (the list of standard prices). See also rate card.

            off-cover FIN. of countries, those for which
            export credit agencies will not guarantee loans
            because they are considered a bad financial
            risk.

            offender a person who offends, breaks, the law;
            a criminal: A first offender, a person who is
            found guilty of an offence for the first time. A
            juvenile offender, see juvenile, adj.

            offer n. (1) some thing or price that is offered
            An offer of services. A special offer, an article
            offered for sale at a reduced price. A firm offer,
            an offer that is fixed, that the offeror will not
            change. On offer (of goods), for sale at a stated
            price. Under offer, esp. of property in Britain of
            which a sale is being discussed with a possible
            buyer. Open to offers, inviting offers. Tender
            offer, see issue by tender. (2) LAW a clear pro-
            posal by one party (the offeror) to another party
            (the offeree) to do business. If the offer is
            unconditionally accepted, a bargain has been ©
            struck (made) and a binding contract can exist
            between the two parties. So long as the offeris ©
            not accepted it can be withdrawn (taken back,
            ended) by the offeror. The mere act of showing
            goods for sale, as in a shop, or of advertising ©
            them, is not considered in law to be an offer,
            but an invitation to make an offer for the goods,
            OF an invitation to treat (to discusshowabargain ©
            can be agreed).

            offer and acceptance see offer (2).

            offer document FIN. an official document 0
            ae a proposed company takeover, sent

            y the bidder to the shareholders in the target

            ‘ompany. It is usu. required by city codes
            governing takeovers.

            ‘eo.


            office copy - 369

            ffer(ed) price see under price.

            fferee LAW a person receiving and accepting
            an offer. Syn. acceptor.

            ffer for sale sTK EXCH (1) an invitation by an
            issuing-house to the public to buy a new issue
            of shares. (2) the document containing the
            invitation and details of the company in which
            the shares are being offered. Syn. offering.

            ffering STK. EXCH. & FIN. an issue of new
            securities. Syn. offer for sale.

            ffer of amends LAW an offer to pay an amount
            of money as compensation for a wrong said to
            have been done.

            fferor LAW a person who makes an offer.

            ff-hire clause see breakdown clause.

            ffice (1) a position of trust, responsibility and
            usu. of some importance in the administration
            and management of an organization. See office-
            bearer. (2) a building or room in which business
            is done, esp. one in which business papers
            are dealt with, or from which a concern is
            managed. (3) INSCE. an insurance company,
            e.g. a life office, a fire office.
            booking office see separate entry.
            box-office see separate entry.
            branch office see branch.
            enquiry office an office where one can make
            enquiries and obtain information. A/so inquiry
            office.
            head office see separate entry.
            loan office see separate entry.
            post office see separate entry.
            registered office in Britain, of a company, an
            office that every company must by law have,
            to which notices, letters and other documents
            may be sent, and the full address of which is
            formally registered (recorded) with the Regis-
            trar of Companies.
            register office in Britain, a government office
            (popularly called a registry office) where births,
            marriages and deaths are officially recorded in
            a register by an official called a registrar, and
            where civil marriages are performed.
            registry office see register office above.

            ffice accommodation rooms for use as
            offices.

            ffice automation Man. the machinery used
            in an office, €.g. word processor, computer,
            typewriter, etc. Abbr. O.A.; 0.a.

            eer prea who has been appointed

            an Officer of an organization:

            a person who holds office.

            ffice copier any machine or instrument for
            making copies of plans, documents, etc. in an
            office.

            ffice copy (1) of a letter or other document, a
            copy intended to be kept in the office, usu. in
            a file. Syn. file copy. (2) LAW an official copy
            of a formal document, such as a power of
            attorney or a court order, made, stamped and


                evince -p 381 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            370 - office hours |
            ifies it
            sealed by a government officer who cert

            See te durin which an office
            i urs the hours during ea
            oT akee business: Our office hours are fi
            Sp.m.
            9a.m. to Ip ae

            ne teh cats

            ice junior see ju |
            sts machinery see under ee a
            office manager see under manager.

            _ & LAW
            Office of Fair Trading on sible for the.
            in Britain, a central body respon uhe
            ; hts of consumers,
            laws protecting the rig hadcal auth-
            Trading Standards Departments ot loc ice.
            orities are mainly responsible for the enforce
            f such legislation. on
            scars person ore holds office, who 1s In a
            position of trust and responsibility.
            company officer see separate entry. |
            customs officer an officer of the customs service.
            See Customs.
            ship’s officer the master (captain) of a merchant
            ship and any of the other persons appointed to
            command members of the crew. See also mate.
            Official Close see close.
            Official Import and Export List see Import
            and Export List.
            official language see under language.
            Official List see Stock Exchange Daily Official
            List.
            official quotation see application for quo-
            tation.
            official rate (of exchange) see under ex-
            change rate.
            official receiver LAW a government officer of
            a bankruptcy court whose duty is to receive
            and take care of the property of a bankrupt
            person, and also of a company that is being
            wound up. His duties normally end when a
            trustee in bankruptcy or a liquidator has been
            appointed. Abbr. O.R.
            official referee see referee.
            official strike see under strike.
            official support FIN. in Britain, action taken
            by the Bank of England to buy sterling in the
            foreign-exchange market or gilt-edged securit-
            ies on the Stock Exchange and money market
            whenever it is considered necessary to support,
            1.e. to keep at a reasonable level, the sterling
            rate of exchange or the market price of gilt-
            edged securities.
            officiate to perform the duties and Carry out the
            responsibilities of an office. See office (1).
            off-licence com. (1) in Britain, a licence to sel]
            alcoholic drink on condition that it is consumed
            away from the premises in which it is sold. (2)
            a shop or other premises so licensed.
            off-line COMP. of any computer equipment, that
            which is not directly connected to and con-
            trolled by the central processing unit of the
            computer. Cf. on-line.
            offload to unload.
            off-market sec under market.


            , & TRANSPT. relating to those per;
            ae ay or night when a service or sippy
            less used than at other periods: Offpeak rail
            and bus services. Offpeak fare, see under fare.
            also season. Offpeak electricity rates, see offpeal
            tariff under tariff. Cf. peak.
            offset n. see lithography. .
            y.COM. to set one value against another o, =
            equal to another; ¢.g. in counter trade the Value
            of goods or services offered by one country
            offsets an equal value of goods or SErvices
            offered by the other country.
            offshore (1) SHIPG. moving away from the shore:
            An offshore wind/tide/current. (2) IND. Situated
            in the sea, away from the shore: An offshore
            oilfield. (3) FIN. foreign, €sp- of investments,
            called offshore funds, in companies esp. Offshore
            banks based in some self-governing island tax-
            havens, such as the Channel Islands, the Isle
            of Man, the Cayman Islands and the Bahamas.
            off-the-shelf IND. any product or service
            designed or manufactured to a standard spe-
            cification, i.e. without adaptation to any special
            needs of the customers. Cf. tailor-made.
            off-the-shelf company STK. EXCH. a company
            which does not trade and has nothing more
            than its name and articles of association. It
            can thus be resold to form a new company
            almost instantly.
            O.F.T. Office of Fair Trading.
            O.G.L. open general licence. ©
            OH Ohio, U.S.A.
            ohm the SI unit of electrical resistance. Sign: n.
            O.H.M.S. On Her Majesty’s Service; but On His
            Majesty’s Service if the monarch is a king, not
            a queen.
            oil (collog.) n. excessive praise; bribery.
            v. to cheat.
            oil-field an area where mineral oil (petroleum)
            is obtained from below the earth’s surface, usu.
            by means of oil-wells.
            oilman com. (1) a shopkeeper who sells oil and,
            sometimes, other fuels, hardware, etc. (2) in
            U.S.A., an operator of an oil-well.
            oil rig see drilling rig.
            oil tanker see tanker (1).
            OK, Okla. Oklahoma, U.S.A.
            Okun’s law Econ. a rule first put forward by
            the American economist Arthur M. Okun
            (1928-80) that every 1% reduction in the unem-

            ployment rate requires an increase of 3% in the
            gross national product.

            old age pension see under pension. Abbr.
            O.A.P.; 0.a.p.

            Old Bailey Law in En
            popular name for the
            in the City of London

            gland and Wales, the
            Central Criminal Court

            ®

            old-fashioned see under fashion.

            Threadneedle Street BKG. &

            pular name for the Bank of England.
            money see fresh money under money.

            Old Lady of
            FIN. a po
            old


                evince -p 382 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            ee CSS

            @ see new share under share. ;

            . pert (1) a system of government in which
            ruling power 1s held by a few persons, usu. all
            from one class or group. (2) a country having
            such a system of government. (3) the persons
            (oligarchs) who hold the ruling power in such

            m.
            pe pei ECON. THEORY a market in which
            there are only a few sellers. Cf. duopoly; mo-
            nopoly. | :
            oligopsony ECON. THEORY a market in which
            there are only a few buyers. Cf. duopsony;
            monopsony.

            Ombudsman see Parliamentary Commissioner
            for Administration.

            omission, error of see posting error under error.

            omnibus n. a bus.
            adj. relating to, containing, many things toge-
            ther at one time: An omnibus agreement/clause/
            resolution, one covering many subjects.

            omnibus survey ADVTG. a form of market
            research in which a questionnaire is sent out
            to a sample at regular intervals by a market
            research company. Any other companies may
            buy space on the questionnaire and insert their
            own questions.

            ON STK. & COMMOD. EXCH. of prices, higher, rising,
            putting on: Zin on £112.50 to £6980 a metric
            ton.

            on account see account, n. 2 (c).

            on allotment see allotment money.

            on application see application money.

            on approval see under approval (2).

            on berth, on the berth see berth (1).

            on-board bill of lading see shipped bill of
            lading under bill of lading.

            O.N.C. Ordinary National Certificate.

            oncost see fixed cost under cost.

            on credit see credit (4).

            one-man business see sole proprietor under
            proprietor.

            one-man company STK. EXCH. (colloq.) in Brit-
            ain, a private company that is entirely con-
            trolled by one man, the other shareholder
            necessary by law being no more than a nomi-
            nee.

            one-name paper FIN. promissory notes that
            bear only the name of the borrower. Such notes
            are usu. issued direct to investors; their security
            is less than that of commercial bills of exchange
            (called two-name paper) because they do not
            carry the name of a merchant bank as a guaran-
            tee that the promise will be kept.

            onerous contract see under contract.

            on-lending FIN. the lending of money that one
            has borrowed: The XYZ Bank is increasing the
            rates it pays to borrow money for on-lending.

            on-li ne ComP. of any computing equipment, that
            which is directly connected to and controlled

            by the central processing unit of the computer.
            Cf. off-line.

            at ial a. = —_——_ hae i i {ee -. 5 | ————— Eo —_— - 2

            open-field system - 371

            on-line updating Comp. a system whereby data
            entered at any terminal is recorded by the
            central processing unit and is thus immediately
            available to any other terminal, e.g. worldwide
            airline reservation systems.

            o.n.o. or near offer: Car for sale, £500 o.n.o.

            onshore ashore, not off the shore.

            Ont. Ontario, Canada. |

            on tap com. ready for immediate use, esp. for
            sale; ready for sale from present stocks.

            onus of proof see burden of proof.

            %, O/O per cent (sign).

            °lso, 0/OO per thousand (sign); per mille.

            0.0. on order; see under order.

            oodles (collog.) large amounts, esp. of money:
            There is/are oodles of cash/bank-notes in his safe.
            He has oodles of money, he is very rich.

            O.P. open policy; out of print. ,

            OPEC Organization of Petroleum Exporting
            Countries.

            open account see credit account; account cur-
            rent.

            open-cast mining IND. the extraction of min-
            erals from the earth by workings that are open
            to the sky, not under the ground. Cf. quarrying.

            open charter see under charter, n. (3).

            open cheque see under cheque.

            open contract see under contract.

            open cover INSCE. a general arrangement by
            which the insured agrees to have all consign-
            ments insured by a particular insurer at an
            agreed rate and under one policy, each consign-
            ment being declared to the insurer at the time
            of dispatch. See floating insurance under
            insurance, classes and kinds of.

            open credit BKG. see clean credit under credit
            (3) and (5).

            open-door policy the practice of a country of
            allowing the products of all countries to be
            imported on the same terms, giving no country
            an advantage over the others.

            opened (cheque) see crossed cheque under
            cheque.

            open-ended Law of a contract or arrangement,
            that can be made to fit changed situations; not
            having fixed limits: An open-ended mortgage,
            one for which there is no fixed repayment date.
            An open-ended fund is a trust fund, esp. a unit
            trust, of which the managers have been given
            power by the investing members to increase or
            decrease the capital of the fund as may be
            necessary. Opp. closed-ended fund.

            open-end fund see under mutual fund.

            open-end trust (U.S.A.)sTK. EXCH. a unit trust.
            Cf. closed-end trust.

            open-field system AGR. & ECON. HIST. the
            feudal system of agriculture by which part of
            the land of the lord of the manor consisted of
            a number of open fields; each field was divided
            into strips, and each of the lord’s peasants
            was allowed to cultivate a number of strips




                evince -p 383 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            372 - open general licence

            scattered about in different fields so that good

            and bad land was fairly shared. |
            open general licence com. an import licence
            for goods on which there are no import restric-
            tions (limiting controls). Abbr. O.G.L.
            open indent see under indent, 7. Sacha
            opening STK. EXCH. the start of business for .
            day: The opening price of a security 1s the
            market price early in the morning of the par-
            ticular day. Cf. closing.
            opening balance see under balance, n. (1).
            opening stock accTs. the value of stocks of
            materials and finished products at the begin-
            ning of the accounting period, as compared
            with the closing stock. See closing (3).
            open insurance see floating insurance under
            insurance, classes and kinds of. Abbr. O.P.
            open market see under market.
            open-market option see under option (2).
            open-market policy FIN. a method used by the
            Bank of England to control the level of interest
            rates by influencing conditions in the money
            market. It does this by buying and selling
            bills and securities in the open market, thus
            reducing or increasing the funds available in
            the market, according to the needs of the time.
            Syn. open-market operations.
            open-plan of offices, arranged on a plan which
            avoids having permanent inside walls, leaving
            large undivided spaces in which workers can
            see each other and be seen by supervisors. If
            a large space needs to be divided, this is done
            by using office furniture or low movable par-
            titions (thin, light walls). Syn. open-space.
            open policy MAR. INSCE. a floating insurance
            policy on a marine risk. See floating insurance
            under insurance, classes and kinds of. Abbr.O.P.
            open shop IND. REL. a factory or other industrial
            or business concern where the employer is free
            to employ persons who are not members of a
            trade union or of a particular union. Cf. closed
            shop.
            open systems interconnection comp. an
            international set of protocol standards designed
            to make it easier to communicate between
            different computer systems. Abbr. o.s.i.
            operate (1) to cause to work: To operate the
            machine, to control and use it, to make it work.
            To operate a factory, to run, manage it as a
            business. (2) to have, to be, to produce, an
            effect: These rules do not operate in Scotland,
            they have no effect in Scotland. The exchange
            rate operates against us, has an unfavourable
            effect on our business. (3) (with on) to perform
            a medical operation (the opening or removing
            of a diseased part of the body).
            operating assets see under assets (1).
            operating cost see operating expenses (2).
            operating expenses (1) COM. & ACCTS. the
            expenses of running a business, such as salaries
            and wages, rent, rates, telephones, postages,

            advertising and distribution, but not including
            direct costs of factory labour, materials, ang
            other manufacturing costs. Syn. overheads. (2)
            TRANSPT. the cost of running a transport ser-
            vice, usu. expressed as a unit cost per mile.
            Syn. operating cost.
            operating profit see under profit.
            operating statement ACCTS. & FIN. a statement
            of operating expenses.
            operating strategy see under strategy.
            operating system ComP. a set of programs
            permanently built into the memory of the com-
            puter to make it work, esp. by controlling the
            movement of commands from the keyboard
            and guiding their performance. Abbr. O.S.
            operational research MAN. the use of scientific
            methods, esp. mathematics, to solve industrial,
            financial and commercial problems, esp. to
            help businessmen to make sensible decisions
            on present and future actions. Syn. (U.S.A.)
            operations research. Abbr. O.R.
            operative n. IND. a person employed in indus-
            trial work, usu. in a factory: Cotton-mill operat-
            ives, workers in a cotton mill. Syn. factory-
            hand. Cf. operator.
            adj. in operation, effective: These rules are
            no longer operative, they no longer have any
            force.
            operative mistake LAw in a contract, a mis-
            take that is so serious that it makes the whole
            contract void.
            operator (1) IND. a person employed to operate
            (control and use) a machine or apparatus: A
            telephone | telex / teleprinter / switchboard | radio |
            computer operator. A keyboard operator in a
            printing works using Linotype and Monotype
            machines. (2) an owner of a business such as
            a transport service, a coal-mine, that requires
            a government licence to operate. (3) STK. EXCH.
            a person who deals in stocks and shares. (4) a
            dealer who makes large deals in risky shares,
            a speculator. (5) (collog.) a slightly dishonest
            person who is too clever to be discovered:
            A shady operator, a person whose honesty is
            doubtful. Cf. operative.
            opinion MAN. professional advice.
            banker’s opinion see separate en try.
            counsel’s opinion a written statement by a lead-
            ing barrister on a legal problem on which he
            has been asked to give his views and also to
            advise on what action should be taken.
            opinion, public see public Opinion.
            opportunities to see ADviG. a measure used
            in advertising. It consists of the expected num-
            ber of times an average member of the target

            audience will see a particular advertisement.
            Abbr. O.T.S.

            opportunity analysis matrix MAN. a tech-
            nique used in Corporate planning where various
            Strategic options are ranked against various


                evince -p 384 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &


            environmental change, resources
            .) and given numerical ratings.

            rtunity cost sée under cost.
            umber a person in another organi-
            sition corresponding to

            one’s own. Syn. counterpart.

            factors (€.8-
            required, etc
            oppo

            iten
            opposite nb
            zation who 1s in a po

            ive contract see under contract.

            pi ne to prefer. Opt Jor, to show a
            preference for (having or doing something).
            Opt out, to choose not to be included in.
            Employees should have the right to opt out of
            company pension schemes. 6

            optical character recognition Comp. a tech-
            nique whereby a machine can identify typed
            or handwritten characters and convert them
            into machine language. See also magnetic ink
            character recognition. Abbr. O.C.R.

            optimum the best; the highest in quality; the
            most favourable. Cf. maximum.

            option (1) STK. & COMMOD. EXCH. a contract by
            which one party, the giver or holder, gives a
            small sum of money, the premium or option
            money, to the other party, the taker, for the
            right to buy from, or sell to, him a certain
            quantity of a stated security or commodity
            during an agreed period, usu. three, six or nine
            months, at an agreed price, the striking price;
            this price remains fixed during the entire period
            of the option and allows the giver, who is usu.
            a speculator, to limit his losses and increase
            his gains according to movements in the mar-
            ket price during the period. To exercise an
            option, to use the right given by the option, e.g.
            if it is more profitable to get currency by means
            of the option than to buy in the spot market.
            To acquire/buy/purchase/sell{abandon an option.
            To leave one’s options open, to reserve one’s right
            to choose, to decide, what to do. Syn. (U.S.A.)
            privilege. |
            American option an option that the buyer can
            exercise at any time before the expiry date, or
            let it lapse. Cf. European option.
            call-of-more option an option that gives the
            buyer the right to buy double the stated quan-
            tity of securities if he so wishes. Cf. put-of- .
            more option. Syn. buyer’s option to double.
            call option a contract to buy, so named because
            the giver or holder of the call option has the
            right to call on the taker to sell the security or
            commodity at the fixed price agreed. Cf. put
            option. Abbr. (pi.) calls.
            currency option an option to buy or sell a
            currency ; it is widely used as a form of currency
            hedging.
            day-to-day option an option for a period of only
            one day, but renewable from one day to the
            next if both parties agree.
            double option see put and call option below.
            employee stock option see stock option below.
            European option an option that the buyer can
            only exercise on the expiry date. It is therefore


            option - 373

            cheaper than American options, which are
            much more widely bought.

            gold option one giving the buyer the right to
            buy a stated amount of gold at a stated price
            before a stated time.

            in-the-money option a call option for which the
            striking price is below the present market price
            of the stock. If it is for a large quantity of stock
            it is called a deep-in-the-money option.

            listed option one which is included in a list of
            options traded on a stock exchange, for which
            certain conditions have to be met.

            naked option a call option made by a person
            who does not own the stock. |
            on-the-money option a call option for which the
            striking price is at or very near the present
            market price of the stock. |
            out-of-the-money option a call option of which
            the exercise price is greater than the market
            price of the security or commodity to which it
            relates.
            put and call option an option that gives a right
            both to buy and to sell, at the wish of the giver
            or the holder. Syn. double option; (U.S.A)
            spread; straddle. Cf. single option. Adbdr.
            P.A.C.

            put-of-more option an option that gives the
            seller the right to sell double the stated quantity
            of securities if he so wishes. Cf. call-of-more
            option. Syn. seller’s option to double.

            put option an option to sell, so named because
            the giver or holder of the put option has the
            right to put for sale the security or commodity
            which the taker has agreed to buy at the fixed
            price agreed. Cf. call option. Abbr. (p/.) puts.
            restricted option one in which opening deals
            are not allowed under market rules, but closing
            deals are. The rule usu. applies where the
            closing market price the day before was, for a
            call option, more than 5 points below the strike
            price, and for a put option, more than 5 points
            above the strike price.

            single option an option that carries a right
            either to buy or to sell, but not both. Cf. put
            and call option.

            stock option an option issued by a large com-
            pany to its executive employees giving them
            the right to buy stock or shares in the company
            at a specially favourable price. Such options
            are usu. not transferable to other persons. Syn.
            employee stock option.

            traded option an option that can be bought and
            sold in the traded option market. In Britain,
            this market began in London in 1978 and deals
            in options on the stock or shares of a very
            limited number of companies. It is similar to
            the market that exists in Chicago.

            triple option one which gives the right to buy
            or sell more than does a double option (see
            above), ¢.g. two puts and one call or two calls
            and one put. See strap; strip.


                evince -p 385 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            374 - optional

            (2) INSCE. dividend option, see dividend

            options. .,
            sparred option in Britain, the legal right

            of a member of a pension fund to transfer
            (move) the total amount standing to his or her
            credit in the fund from one life insurance
            company to another in order to obtain a better
            annuity provided this right is exercised before
            the member receives any benefits from the first
            insurance company.
            optional left to choice; that may be done or
            need not be done, according to one’s choice:
            Optional extras, extra things that can be sup-
            plied such as a radio with a new car, but do
            not have to be accepted if the buyer does not
            wish. Optional dress, on an invitation or notice,
            stating that one may wear what one wishes.
            Optional meals (in a hotel), meals that can be
            supplied at extra cost but do not have to be
            taken. Opp. obligatory; mandatory.
            option(al) bond see under bond, n.
            option contract see under contract.
            option dealer sTK. EXCH. in Britain, a stock-
            broker or stockjobber who is registered with
            the Stock Exchange authorities as a dealer in
            options. A stockbroker dealing in options may
            not deal with the public direct, but only
            through another stockbroker.
            option dealing sTK. & COMMOD. EXCH. buying
            the right to deal in a security during a fixed
            period at a fixed price (see option). This prac-
            tice is much used by speculators as a safety
            measure to reduce risk of loss if market prices
            change in an unfavourable direction.
            options exchange sTK. EXCH. a special market
            where investors buy and sell options on stocks
            and shares, government bonds and gold for
            periods of 3, 6 or 9 months, The main options
            exchanges are the Chicago (U.S.A.) Options
            Exchange, set up in 1973, and the European
            Options Exchange (E.O.E.), started in 1978 in
            Amsterdam (Netherlands).
            option fund see under mutual fund.
            option money see option (1).
            option mortgage see under mortgage.
            option premium sTK. & COMMOD. EXCH. the
            price paid by the buyer of a call option for the
            right to buy the shares or stock, a price he
            agrees to pay whether he does or does not
            exercise that right.
            option tender bond see put bond under bond.
            option to double stk. & COMMOD. EXCH. on
            some exchanges, the name given to a put-of-
            more option (seller’s option to double) and to a
            call-of-more option (buyer’s option to double).
            option to purchase (1) LAW a right given in a
            contract to buy property at any time before a
            certain date if the holder of the right so wishes.
            During this time the other party (the offeror)
            is bound by the contract not to withdraw his
            offer or sell the property to anybody else. (2)

            STK. EXCH. Option to purchase shares, a right
            given by a company to its shareholders to buy
            shares tn the company at a favourable price.
            or to certain employees to receive shares free
            See also option (1).
            opulence riches, wealth: A millionaire is a man
            of opulence, he possesses great wealth. Syn.
            affluence. Adj. opulent.
            OR Oregon, U.S.A.
            O.R. owner’s risk; operational research; opera-
            tions research; official receiver.
            oral contract see parol contract under contract.
            ord. ordinary (shares).
            order n. (1) a command, a direction from some-
            one of authority to do something: The chairman
            ordered the troublemaker to leave the hall. By
            order, by command of the proper authority such
            as a local government authority. (2) methodical
            arrangement according to a desired relation of
            one thing to another: Alphabetical/numerical/
            chronological order. To put documents in order.
            Out of order, (a) not in the right order; (5) (of
            a machine) not working. (3) BKG. a direction
            to a bank to pay money to a certain person, or
            to the directions given by that person. See
            banker’s order.
            or order on an instrument, such as a cheque or
            bill of exchange, a shortened form of or to
            his/their order.
            to order on an instrument, a shortened form of
            in obedience to the order of.
            (4) COM. & IND. (a) a direction to a supplier to
            supply goods: J enclose an order for 100 tons of
            paper. (b) goods ordered or supplied: Have you
            sent my order ?, the goods I ordered from you. To
            execute an order, to supply the goods ordered.
            cash order an order that is supplied against
            payment of cash before or at the time of deliv-
            ery, no credit being given.
            journey order see separate entry.
            landing order see warehousing entry under cus-
            toms entry.
            mail order (house) see separate entry.
            on order The goods you want are on order, we
            have ordered them from our supplier but we
            have not yet received them. Abbr. 0.0.; 0/0.
            purchase order a document containing a formal
            offer from an intending buyer to buy from a
            supplier the goods listed, in the quantities and
            at the approximate prices stated in the order.
            A contract comes into existence as soon as the
            supplier sends the buyer a formal acknowledg-
            ment. |

            shipping order (collog.) any large order.

            to order only We make goods to order onl y, we
            do not keep stocks but we are willing to have
            the goods you want specially made for you, or
            to obtain them for you from another supplier.
            Syn. bespoke. Abbr. T.O.O.

            transfer order see separate entry.

            unexecuted order an order that has yet to be



                evince -p 386 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            Or

            supplier direction by a court of law, com-
            (5) er a certain person or persons to act in (
            man? rf way; A court order. See garnishee
            a certal rder: charging order; receiving

            - judge's O :
            ont ies TK, & COMMOD. EXCH. a direction to
            order.

            to buy or sell.
            sede see sae limit (1). ,
            market order STK. EXCH. an order from a client
            to a stockbroker to buy or sell a security at the
            rice.
            ie an order from a client to a broker
            to buy or sell a stated amount of a security or ¢
            commodity when the price reaches a certain
            figure, called the stop price, at which point the
            order becomes a market order (see above).
            order bill of lading see under bill of lading.
            order-book IND. a book in which all orders to
            supply goods are recorded as soon as they are
            received in the factory or shop. A long/large
            order-book, many orders to be supplied.
            order cheque see under cheque. C
            order clerk IND. a person employed in the office
            of a factory to receive orders for goods and to
            see that they are correctly supplied. C
            order, money see money order.
            order of business MAN. the methodical ar-
            rangement of matters to be discussed and voted
            on at a meeting, esp. of a company, club,
            association or similar organization. They
            should be dealt with in this order: (1) Apologies
            for absence; (2) Reading and confirmation of
            the minutes of the last meeting; (3) Matters
            arising from the minutes; (4) Correspondence;
            (5) Presentation and adoption of reports and
            accounts; (6) Election of officers; (7) Special
            business ; (8) General discussion; (9) Any other oa
            business. See also point of order.
            order of the day a programme of the matters
            to be discussed at a meeting, esp. of a law-
            making authority, usu. printed on an order
            paper. Cf. order of business.
            order-picking see picking.
            order, point of see point of order.
            order, postal see postal order.
            order-servicing see servicing. _
            orders not to pay see stopped cheque under
            cheque.
            orders, standing see standing orders.
            ordinary account see National Savings Bank.
            Ordinary business INSCE. any kind of life
            insurance business that is not industrial busi-
            ness. Abbr. O.B.
            ordinary capital see under capital.
            Ordinary creditor see general creditor under
            creditor.
            ordinary damages see general damages under
            damages. |
            ordinary debt see unsecured debt under debt.
            Ordinary dividend see under dividend. o

            fx, fF Ff F&F

            et

            ‘ganizational development - 375

            dinary interest see simple interest under
            interest.

            Irdinary National Certificate IND. & COM.
            in Britain, a certificate given to students who
            have completed a two-year part-time course,
            usu. in a commercial or technical subject, at
            one of the higher education institutions. Cf.
            Higher National Certificate (H.N.C.), Ordi-
            nary National Diploma (O.N.D.), Higher
            National Diploma (H.N.D.). Abbr. O.N.C.

            wdinary partner see acting partner under part-
            ner.

            dinary partnership see general partnership
            under partnership. |

            wdinary resolution see resolution.

            rdinary share see under share.

            rdinary stock see under stock. ou

            rdnance Survey (O.S.) in Britain, the
            government organization responsible for pro-
            ducing maps of England, Scotland and Wales.

            Jre., Oreg. Oregon, U.S.A. |

            rganic growth MAN. organizational growth
            achieved without the acquisition of other com-
            panies.

            rganisation Commune Africaine, Mal-
            gache et Mauritienne (0.C.A.M.M.) the
            African, Malagasy and Mauritian Common
            Organization, an association of largely French-
            speaking countries of Africa set up in 1965 to
            push forward economic and social develop-
            ment and improve political co-operation
            among its members, which include: Cameroon,
            Central African Republic, Chad, Congo,
            Dahomey, Gabon, Ivory Coast, Malagasy
            Republic, Mauritius, Niger, Rwanda, Senegal,
            Togo, and Upper Volta.

            rganization (1) the act of organizing, of
            arranging for people to work together for a
            common purpose: A general manager is respon-
            sible for the organization of all parts of the
            business. (2) MAN. that part of the work of
            management that consists of planning the
            structure of the concern and deciding how the
            work shall be organized, how responsibilities
            shall be distributed among the managers and
            supervisors, and how the effort of all employees
            can be made fully effective. (3) ECON. THEORY
            sometimes considered to be one of the factors
            of production, more usu. called enterprise, the
            organizing ability of a businessman and his
            willingness to bear risks. (4) the state of being
            organized; an orderly arrangement: Where
            there is good organization there is high efficiency.
            Lack of organization is bad for morale and for

            profits. (5) any organized group of persons

            working together in a systematic manner for a
            common purpose, such as a company, associ-
            ation, club, unit of government, or trade union.
            See also Organization, Laws of.

            rganizational development MAN. the social


                evince -p 387 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            376 - organizational structure
            ieee pat cares
            organization structures, © : the way in

            organizational structure MAN. aE Fe
            which an organization is divided into sepa b-
            operating units, and the mechanisms ae;
            lished for reporting between them. hg
            organization chart under chart. — wt :

            organization analysis MAN. a science oO oa
            ing importance which provides frameworks ef
            the study of an organizations structure an
            performance, highlighting such areas aS COr-
            porate culture.

            : organization and method(s) MAN. work-

            study in an office, i.e. applied to administration

            rather than production. Abbr. O.& M.

            organization chart see under chart.

            Organization for Economic Co-operation
            and Development (0.E.C.D.) ECON. an
            international association formed to replace
            O.E.E.C. in 1960 with its main offices in Paris.
            It aims to work for the highest possible eco-
            nomic growth and employment and for a rising
            standard of living in its member countries;
            this is to be done by removing hindrances
            to international trade and to movements of
            capital. It controls economic aid given by its
            members to developing countries. Its members
            include: Australia, Austria, Belgium, Canada,
            Denmark, Finland, France, West Germany,
            Greece, Iceland, Ireland, Italy, Japan, Luxem-
            bourg, the Netherlands, New Zealand, Nor-
            way, Portugal, Spain, Sweden, Switzerland,
            Turkey, the United Kingdom, the United Sta-
            tes of America, with Yugoslavia having a spe-
            cial relationship. Certain international bodies
            also are members, including: the International
            Energy Agency, the Nuclear Energy Agency,
            the Development Centre and the Centre for
            Educational Research.

            Organization for European Economic Co-
            operation (0.E.E.C.) see Marshall (Aid)
            Plan; Organization for Economic Co-oper-
            ation and Development.

            Organization, Laws of MAN. statements that
            are called laws but really only describe tenden-
            cies for certain things to happen in a certain
            way rather than in other ways. The following
            are some examples:

            Abilene Paradox Members of a committee, i.e.
            a group of people sharing responsibility, some-
            times agree to make decisions which they
            would think silly as individuals. Stated by Dr
            Jerry Harvey, U.S. psychologist. (A paradox is
            an idea that seems silly but may well be true.)
            Carew’s Axe When the number of employees
            in an organization is being reduced, the persons
            chosen to be sent away are those who can be
            got rid of with the least trouble, not because
            they are the least good at their work.

            Godel’s Garbler No system can cover every
            Possibility or meet every kind of happening,

            without showing itself to be wrong. (To garble
            is to mix up, confuse.)

            Macaulay’s Transfer The greater the case with
            which persons within an organization can
            exchange ideas, pass information and ask for
            or give orders, the less they will think and act
            for themselves, without being told what to do.
            Stated by Lord Macaulay, British historian,
            writing of the decisions that had to be made
            by far-off managers of the East India Compan y
            without being able to get advice quickly from
            London. Here ‘transfer’ means the handing-
            over of authority. : |
            Mars’s Boomerang Control acts against creativ-
            ity, the ability to produce new ideas and make
            new things. Thus when management controls
            are too strict and too numerous, workers will
            stop co-operating with their employers and
            may even become their enemies. (A boomerang
            is a curved stick which, when thrown, flies in
            a circle and returns to the thrower.) :
            Maugham’s Muffler When passing information
            to persons in charge of an organization, fi resh
            news may be treated as bad or unreliable
            because it comes from less important persons
            who are therefore not encouraged. (A muffler
            is part of a car that reduces the noise of the
            engine.)

            Parkinson’s Law Firstly, work expands (gets
            bigger) to fill the time available to do it, i.e.
            employees and managers will find or make
            unnecessary work if allowed to do so. Secondly,
            expenditure rises to meet income, 1.e. if
            expenses are not strictly controlled, money will
            be spent on unnecessary things. These ideas
            were put forward by C. Northcote Parkinson,
            British writer and historian.

            Schein’s Syndrome The more a company
            depends on a market for the success of its
            business, the greater the care and attention it
            will give to its customers’ interests. Stated by
            Virginia Schein, U.S. management consultant.
            Thurow’s Tyranny Producers’ interests are more
            powerful than consumers’ interests. The gener-
            ally accepted idea is that consumers have the
            most power because they are more numerous
            than producers; but since the producers are
            more affected by changes in price and methods
            of production, it is they, the producers, who
            take control of industry.

            Organization of African Unity (0.A.U.) an
            association formed in 1963 to rid Africa of
            colonial rule and to give financial and military
            help to movements fighting for this cause. It
            has acted as mediator in disputes between some
            of its members, and has done much to develop
            a sense of co-operation between African states.
            All independent countries in Africa are mem-
            bers of O.A.U. except South Africa.

            Organization of American States (0.A.S.)
            an association of independent countries of


                evince -p 388 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            and South America. It was formed in
            Noms political and economic aims that
            ‘acluded economic co-operation. O.A.S. has
            33 member states, which are: Antigua and
            Barbuda, Argentina, Bahamas, Barbados,
            Bolivia, Brazil, Chile, Colombia, Costa Rica,
            Cuba, Dominica, Dominican Republic, Ecua-
            dor, El Salvador, Grenada, Guatemala, Haiti,
            Honduras, Jamaica, Mexico, Nicaragua, Pan-
            ama, Paraguay, Peru, St Kitts-Nevis, St Lucia,
            st Vincent and the Grenadines, Surinam, Iri-
            nidad and Tobago, U.S.A., Uruguay, and
            Venezuela. ;

            Organization of Central American States
            (0.C.A.S.) an association set up in 1951 by
            Costa Rica, Guatemala, Honduras, Nicaragua
            and El Salvador to encourage economic, politi-
            cal and military co-operation.

            Organization of Petroleum Exporting
            Countries (OPEC) an association set up in
            1961 of most of the countries that export a
            large part of their petroleum production; they
            combined together mainly to fix standard pri-
            ces and, if necessary, to limit output. In 1973
            OPEC suddenly began to use its strong bar-
            gaining power by raising the world price of
            petroleum so that by the end of the year 1974
            the price had trebled in most importing coun-
            tries. It has since been increased many times.
            Among its members are: Algeria, Ecuador,
            Gabon, Indonesia, Iran, Iraq, Kuwait, Libya,
            Nigeria, Qatar, Saudi Arabia, United Arab
            Emirates, Venezuela.

            organization, table of see organization chart
            under chart.

            organized labour IND. REL. workers who have
            organized themselves in trade unions to use
            the power of collective bargaining in dealing
            with employers’ organizations and the govern-
            ment.

            organized market see under market.

            organizer a person who organizes people or
            things, who gets them working together for a
            common purpose.

            Orient the East, all the countries of Asia lying
            east of the Mediterranean Sea, but esp. the
            Indian subcontinent, Sri Lanka and the Far
            Fast.

            Original bill see under bill of exchange.

            Original entry see books of first entry.

            Original invoice see under invoice.

            Originating summons see under summons.

            Origin, certificate of see certificate of origin.

            Ors. others.

            O.S. Ordnance Survey; outsize.

            O/s outstanding; out of stock.

            0.S.i. open systems interconnection.

            O.T.C. over the counter.

            Q.T.S. opportunities to see.

            awa Conference ECON. HIST. see imperial
            preference.

            O

            outlook - 377

            uNnce a unit, usu. of weight but also of volume,
            in general use in Britain, U.S.A. and some
            other English-speaking countries: one-six-
            teenth of a pound avoirdupois (28.3495 g); one-
            twelfth of a pound troy (31.1035 g); in liquid
            measure, the fluid ounce (fl. oz.) one-twentieth
            of a pint in Britain (28.4131 cm?°), but one-
            sixteenth of a pint in U.S.A. (29.5727 cm’).
            Abbr. oz.

            utback in Australia, the regions away from the
            coast, where the rainfall is low and where only
            a few people have settled. Cf. bush.
            utbargain Com. to succeed in making a better
            bargain than another person; to defeat some-
            one in the process of bargaining.

            utbid to bid more (than another bidder); to
            make the highest bid. He outbid me at the
            auction, he bid higher than I and so he won
            the bidding. )

            utbound see bound (1).

            ut’ clearing BKG. cheques, bills of exchange,
            etc. sent by a bank for clearing at the clearing
            house. Cf. ‘in’ clearing.

            utery (1) CoM. an auction sale. (2) COMMOD.
            EXCH. a method of trading by voice, called open
            outcry when each dealer in the market calls out
            the commodities he wishes to sell or buy, and
            the price.

            uter Seven the seven member-countries of
            the European Free Trade Area, E.F.T.A., so
            called because they remained outside the Euro-
            pean Economic Community (E.E.C-.).

            utfit (1) a set of things needed for a particular
            purpose, esp. tools and clothes. (2) (collog.) any
            group of people working together, such as a
            company or a team of workers. Syn. set-up.
            utfitter CoM. a shopkeeper who sells clothes: A
            gentlemen’s outfitter, one selling men’s clothes.
            utgoing invoice see sale(s) invoice under
            invoice.

            utgoings FIN. money going out, spent or being
            spent; expenses, as opposed to income, re-
            ceipts. Syn. outlay. |
            utlay FIN. money spent or being spent: Pro-
            duction outlay, money spent on materials and
            labour to produce goods, or for buying finished
            goods, for sale as a regular business activity.
            Advertising outlay, money spent on advertising.
            Syn. expenditure.

            utlay account (U.S.A.) see appropriation
            account.

            utlay tax see indirect tax under tax.

            utlet Com. a place from which goods are sold.
            captive outlet a shop or other business, such as
            a public house, that is allowed to use a building
            on condition that it sells goods obtained only
            from the owners of the building. Syn. tied
            house. Cf. free house.

            retail outlet a shop selling goods to the public.
            utlook STK. EXCH. a view of the future; what
            is expected to happen: The market outlook. A



                evince -p 389 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            378 - out of date

            bearish outlook, one that 1s unfavourable, with

            prices expected to fall. A bullish outlook, one

            that is favourable, with prices expected to rise.
            out of date see under date.
            out-of-date cheque see sta

            cheque. e
            out of order (1) not in the proper order of a

            methodical arrangement: The papers in this file
            are out of order, not filed in the order in which
            they should be. (2) MAN. at a meeting, not
            according to the rules governing the way the
            meeting must be conducted (carried on, held);
            for example, improper behaviour such as the
            use of bad language is out of order and must
            be stopped by the chairman. See point of order;
            order of business. (3) of a machine, equipment,
            etc. not working, needing repair.
            out of pocket see pocket.
            out-of-pocket expenses see under expenses.
            out of print see under print. Abbr. O.P.
            out of stock CoM. & IND. having no stock left;
            unable to supply from stock. Abbr. o.s.; 0/s.;
            O/s.
            out of work unemployed.
            outplacement (services) (1) MAN. help given
            by an employer to employees who have been
            dismissed, esp. advice and help in finding new
            jobs. (Mainly U.S.A.) (2) IND. schemes made
            possible by information technology whereby
            employees may work together while actually
            located at different sites, through such means as
            computer networks, telecommunications, etc.
            outport SHIPG. (1) a seaport serving a chief port
            because, being on the sea, it is easier for large
            ships to use. Tilbury is the outport of London;
            Avonmouth is the outport of Bristol. A/so out
            port. (2) among British shippers, any British
            port except London. (3) a relatively small port
            at which no customs officers are permanently
            based.
            output (1) ECON. THEORY the total value of all
            goods produced and services performed by a
            producer, an industry or a country. Syn. prod-
            uct; outturn. Cf. input.
            gross output of a single producer, firm, industry
            or country, the total value of the goods and
            services produced, including the cost of mate-
            rials and services bought from other producers
            or industries. Cf. net output.
            net domestic output the total of all the net
            outputs in an economy.
            net output the difference between the gross
            output and the total cost of the materials and
            services required to produce the commodity or
            service. It is the value added by the producer
            or the industry in the course of manufacture.
            The net output of an industry shows its impor-
            tance in relation to other industries. Cf. gross
            output.
            (2) COMP. n. information produced by a com-
            puter, usu. as a visual display, printout, or

            le cheque under


            punched tape or card.
            vy. to cause output to be produced by a com-

            puter.
            output tax see value added tax under tax.

            output unit ComP. part of an electronic com-
            puter that is used to put the processed data
            (information) from the central processor on to
            magnetic tape, punched tape or cards, or on to
            paper in the form of a print-out or any other
            product from the computer system. Cf. input
            unit.
            outsell com. to sell more than (somebody else):
            We are outselling our rivals, we are selling more
            than they are. They are being outsold.
            outside broker see under broker,
            outside dealer STK. EXCH. a trader who is not
            a member of any stock exchange but is licensed
            to deal in (buy and sell) stocks and shares. He
            usu. buys large lots of securities on the stock
            exchange at his own cost and sells them in
            smaller lots to the public. Cf. outside broker.
            outside director see under director.
            outsize com. of clothes, very large in size; made
            for a very large person. Abbr. O.S.
            outstanding ACCTS. unpaid; remaining unpaid:
            An outstanding account/debt, one that is overdue
            for payment. An amount outstanding, an amount
            that continues to exist, or to be owed. Orders
            outstanding, orders that have yet to be supplied.
            Cf. arrears.
            outturn (1) see output. (2) MAR. INSCE. the weight
            of cargo unloaded from a ship.
            outvote to defeat in voting; to get more votes
            than the other side gets.
            outward SHIPG. going out, as opposed to coming
            in: Outward cargo, cargo being exported. Out-
            ward bill of lading, see under bill of lading.
            Outward clearance or clearance outward, see
            clearance (2). Opp. inward; homeward.
            outward bound see bound (1).
            outwork IND. work given to persons to do in
            their own homes or workshops, usu. paid at
            piece-work rates.
            outworker n. a person who does outwork.
            over applied for see oversubscribed.
            overbid v. com. (1) to bid a higher amount, to
            outbid, somebody. (2) to bid too much for a
            thing.
            n. a higher bid.
            overboard sHIPG. over the ship’s side: Cargo
            thrown or lost overboard. Man overboard !, a cry
            made when somebody (man or woman) has
            fallen from the ship into the sea. See also free
            overboard.
            overbook TRANSPT. & TOUR. to book more places
            (on a passenger vehicle or in a hotel) than can
            actually be provided, resulting in some people
            suffering the inconvenience of being trans-
            ferred to other services or hotels.
            overbought sTK. EXCH. word used to describe
            a market situation in which prices are unrea-



                evince -p 390 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            bably because of a rush to

            sonably,his™ parm be expected to fall. Cf.

            there
            buy and can :
            _ See also overbuy.
            Geese to buy more than one needs or more
            O

            _ (2) STK. EXCH. to buy
            than one conse ie i : a beauaane
            stock 51a? it money OF investments as
            ability to depos! happen

            ‘ty with the stockbroker, as can happ
            secu s ket prices reduces the value
            when a fall in market p ht
            of the security deposit. See also overbought.

            overcapacity see capacity (1).

            overcapitalized (1) STK. EXCH. of a company,
            having more issued capital than can be profit-
            ably employed in the business. The result is
            that the company cannot earn enough profit
            to pay an acceptable rate of dividend to its
            shareholders. Opp. undercapitalized. (2) ACCTS.
            of a company, having an issued capital greater
            than the value of its net assets.

            overcarry SHIPG. to carry goods beyond the port
            to which they have been consigned. If the
            shipowners find it impossible to land cargo at
            that port, they may unload it at another port.

            See also back freight under freight.
            overcharge n. COM. & ACCTS. a charge that is

            above what it ought to be, either because too

            high a price has been charged by mistake, e.g.

            in invoicing, or because an unjustly high price

            has been demanded. If the overcharge is due
            to a mistake in invoicing, the customer is sent

            a credit note in order to put the account right.

            Abbr. o/c. Opp. undercharge.

            v. to charge a price that is too high.
            overdraft see bank overdraft. Abbr. O/d; o/d.
            overdraw BKG. to cause a debit balance to be

            recorded in one’s account with a bank, usu. by

            drawing cheques for a total greater than the
            amount one has deposited with the bank. To
            be overdrawn, to have a bank account that
            shows a debit balance. See bank overdraft.
            overdue (1) ACCTS. & FIN. past the time when
            due for payment, late in being paid: An overdue
            account/instalment. The rent is overdue. Syn. in
            arrear; delinquent. (2) TRANSPT. & SHIPG. very
            late in arriving: The ship/plane is overdue.
            overdue bill see under bill of exchange.
            overdue cheque see under cheque.
            over-employment see full employment.
            Over-entry certificate see under customs
            entry.
            overextended FIN. of a business, Owing far
            more money than the value of current assets.
            over-full employment see full employment.
            overfunding FIN. the act of a government in
            borrowing more money (by selling more
            government securities) than it needs to pay for
            public spending.
            ovens cost see under cost.
            rhead expenses see under e
            Overhead price see under price. xpenses.
            Overheads FIN. & ACCTs. the expenses of running

            over ship’s rail - 379

            a business, esp. those fixed costs that —_
            be related to particular units of goods produce
            or goods sold, such as rent, rates and manage
            ment salaries. Syn. overhead expenses, Over-
            head cost; overhead charges; fixed costs ; fixed
            charges; establishment charges; burden;
            — rheads see factory expenses
            overheads see facto
            ee STK. EXCH. the issue of stock or shares
            ‘n excess of the amount authorized in the
            Memorandum of Association of the company.
            overlend BKG. the act of lending to excess, esp.
            by banks to borrowers who cannot be depended
            upon to repay their debts when due.
            overloaded economy ECON. an economy In
            which demand is greater than supply but prices
            are, by strict government controls, meres
            from rising. The condition is sometimes calle
            repressed inflation (inflation held down by con-
            trols).
            overpopulation ECON. the state of an economy
            in which there are too many people for the
            existing resources to support without lowering
            the standard of living. Cf. underpopulation.
            overproduction ECON. the production of more
            goods than can be sold at a profitable price.
            overrider see overriding commission under com-
            mission.
            overriding commission see under com-
            mission.
            overseas agent an agent who lives and carries
            on business in a country other than the country
            of his principal. Such agents are usu. given an
            exclusive agency for an agreed area, country
            or group of countries. The expression is often
            used in a general sense and may include an
            importer who is not an agent but an indepen-
            dent merchant buying and selling at his own
            risk. Syn. foreign agent. |
            overseas banks see foreign banks.
            overseas Company see under company.
            ee aero see foreign investment
            ent. ,
            overseas trade see international trade.
            overseer MAN. a person employed in seeing that
            other persons do their work properly.
            oversell CoM. & STK. EXCH. to agree to sell more
            of a product than can be delivered. To be
            oversold, to be bound by contract to do some-
            thing, such as to deliver goods or securities
            that one cannot do. An oversold Position, an
            inability to deliver securities or commodities
            that one has promised to deliver on a fixed
            date. See also oversold.
            over ship's rail SHIPG. words sometimes appear-
            ing in a bill-of-lading contract, meaning that
            the shipowner’s responsibility for cargo begins
            at the moment that the goods Pass over the
            ship’s rail when being loaded, and ends when
            they pass over the Ship’s rail when being
            unloaded. Cf. under Ship’s derrick.



                evince -p 391 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            380 - overside delivery

            i ; the unloading of
            side delivery SHIPC. eu ;
            nse over the side of the ship into lighters
            See also free overside.

            overside port see barge
            ‘H. wore

            oversold STK. EXC : me adie
            market situation in which prices are unreason

            ably low, probably because of too much ee
            and can therefore be an to rise. CI.
            overbought. See also oversell.

            overspending spending more money than one

            can afford.
            n. an amount overspent. ,
            overstock v. to stock too much (of an article or

            commodity). Overstocking, ordering for stock

            more than is needed.
            overstocks . pi. excessive stocks that need to

            be reduced in order to release capital for more
            profitable use.

            oversubscribed sTK. EXCH. of a new issue of a

            | security, the number of units applied for

            | exceeds the number offered. Syn. fully sub-
            scribed; over applied for. N. oversubscription.
            overt LAW open; that can clearly be seen: An
            overt act, an act that is openly, not secretly,
            done. Market overt, see separate entry.
            over-the-counter market see under market.
            overtime IND. (1) time worked in excess of an
            agreed number of working hours per day or
            per week: He has worked ten hours’ overtime
            this week, he has worked the normal working
            week and a further ten hours’ overtime. (2)
            the payment made to workers for extra hours
            worked beyond an agreed number of hours per
            day or per week ; extra money paid for working
            overtime. Overtime is usu. paid at higher rates
            | per hour than the ordinary working rate, called
            the basic rate. Thus, time and a quarter is basic
            rate + 25%; time and a half is basic rate +
            50%; double time is twice basic rate.
            overtime ban see under ban.

            Oovertrading FIN. & MAN. trading beyond the
            normal limits set by the working capital of the
            business such as holding unnecessarily large
            stocks, or investing in assets that the business
            cannot afford to buy. Such action causes a
            continual lack of ready money needed to pay
            creditors and to meet the normal overhead
            expenses.

            overvalued sTK. EXCH. a security is said to be
            overvalued if its present market price is too
            high to attract serious buyers who have care-
            fully analysed the company’s present and past
            financial statements, esp. the balance sheet,
            the profit and loss or income statements and
            flow-of-funds information. Cf. undervalued.

            overvalued currency FIN. & ECON. a currency
            ii because of government controls, has a
            igher rate of exchange in relation to another
            currency than it would have if the n l
            economic forces of supply and d agen
            operating. If these forces 4 ae ae

            were working freely

            port under port. —
            used to describe a

            state of equilibrium (natura]
            ) ead ont “se relative purchasing
            power' of the a pei si
            arene bit: & IND. a brand of goods, usu.
            in the grocery trade, bearing the private brand
            mark of a large retailer. It may be made
            specially for him or he may buy the goods un-
            marked directly from the manufacturer of a
            nationally advertised brand. The two articles
            are usu. exactly alike, but the own-brand article
            can be sold more cheaply because it does not
            have to bear the heavy cost of national adver-
            tising. Syn. house brand; dealer’s brand; pri-
            vate brand.
            owner-manager see sole proprietor under pro-
            prietor; managing owner. es,
            owner-occupier a person who lives in a house
            that he owns.
            owner's equity see net worth. .
            ownership LAw the right to hold a thing entirely
            as one’s own, including complete and perma-
            nent control over it. Cf. possession. .
            absolute ownership the right to hold and enjoy
            a thing completely and for ever, including
            power to control, change, destroy or transfer it
            to others. Syn. complete ownership.
            beneficial ownership a form of restricted owner-
            ship, being the right only to enjoy the use of a
            thing, without having power to change, destroy
            or transfer it to others.
            common ownership see ownership in common.
            complete ownership see absolute ownership
            above.
            co-ownership see joint ownership; a/so co-own-
            ership of industry.
            joint ownership see separate entry.
            private ownership ownership by private persons
            - Or groups of persons, not by the State.
            public ownership ownership by the State.
            restricted ownership ownership that is in some
            way limited, such as enjoyment only for one’s
            lifetime (a life tenancy) or enjoyment shared
            with other persons (joint ownership; co-owner-
            ship). —
            ownership, certificate of see registry, cer-
            tificate of.
            ownership in common Law of land, land
            owned together by two or more persons (called
            tenants in common), no one person holding the
            rights in any part of the property. An owner
            may leave his rights to anyone in his will and
            the heir becomes an owner in common with
            the others. See joint ownership. Syn. tenancy
            in Common.
            owner's risk TRANSPT. in Britain. of goods car-
            r led by railway, at the risk of the owner, who
            will usu. have arranged separately for the goods
            to be insured while being carried. The carrier
            1s, however, responsible if loss is caused by
            wilful misconduct (wrongful acts done on pur-


                evince -p 392 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &



            rier’s employees. Since the
            k to bear, his charges are
            goods sent at owner’s risk
            t carrier’s risk. Abbr. O.R. ;

            se) by the car
            carrier has no fis
            lower for carrying
            than for those sent a

            O.F.; O/R. ; an
            owner’s risk clause MAR INSCE. in 4 mari

            ‘nsurance policy, a condition that if the owners
            of the ship become responsible for damage
            caused by a collision, the insurers have to
            pay an agreed amount per ton of registered
            tonnage. Cf. running down clause. |

            Oxon. Oxfordshire, England; Oxford (City and
            University).

            oz. ounce, ounces.

            oz. T ounce (troy).

            r

            p. page (pl. pp. pages); per; pint; peseta; peso;
            post (after); perch; procuration.

            PA, Pa. Pennsylvania, U.S.A.

            P/A particular average; power of attorney.

            P.A. particular average; personal assistant; pub-
            lic accountant (U.S.A.); power of attorney.

            P/A. power of attorney.

            p.a. per annum; press agent.

            P. & F. chart point-and-figure chart.

            P. & L. profit and loss.

            P.A.B.X. private automatic branch exchange.

            Pac. Pacific. |

            P.A.C. put and call (option); Public Accounts
            Committee.

            Pacific Standard Time a time-zone in North
            America, eight hours behind Greenwich Mean
            Time and one hour behind Mountain Time.
            Abbr. P.S.T.

            Pacific Stock Exchange STK. EXCH. one of the
            most important in the U.S.A., with divisions
            in Los Angeles and San Francisco, dealing in
            stocks and options. Abbr. P.S.E.

            pack 7. (1) aload, esp. one wrapped and arranged
            for carrying on the back by man or animal. Syn.
            burden. (2) COM. a container with something in
            it: A pack of cigarettes/sweets. Syn. packet.
            Abbr. pk. (3) AGR. & IND. a measure of weight
            used in the wool trade: a pack of wool = 240
            lb. (108.86 kg).

            package (1) IND. & COM. the wrapping or con-
            tainer in which goods are put after they have
            been manufactured. A parcel. Abbr. pkg.; pk.;
            pkge. (2) a combination or group of several
            things taken or treated together.

            package deal (1) an offer consisting of several
            parts or conditions, all of which must be
            accepted or the whole refused. (2) an agreement
            that covers a number of different matters.

            packaged goods com. goods supplied in wrap-
            pers or containers ready for sale to the con-
            sumer, not loose, Also (U.S.A.) package goods.

            packman - 381

            package insurance see blanket insurance
            under insurance, classes and kinds of.

            packaging IND. & CoM. (1) the work of putting
            goods into the wrappers or containers in which
            they will be sold to the public. (2) the designing
            and planning of these wrappers and containers,
            with the aim of giving the goods an attractive ©
            appearance and of making sure that they reach
            the consumer in good condition.
            display packaging see display.

            pack-animal TRANSPT. an animal used for carry-
            ing goods contained in packs on its back, esp.
            in places where there are no roads fit for
            vehicles: A pack-horse, pack-mule. Pack train,
            a line of pack-animals.

            packer IND. & COM. a person employed to pack
            goods, either to protect them while being car-
            ried from place to place, or to make them
            attractive to the consumer.
            packers p/. business organizations that perform
            a service for manufacturers by putting their
            goods into wrappers or containers. _ 3
            export packers packers specially skilled in
            packing goods for shipment overseas.

            packet (1) a small parcel or pack of something
            in a wrapper or container: A packet of
            cigarettes/envelopes. A postal packet, a small
            parcel sent by post. An air packet, a small parcel
            sent by airmail. See wage-packet; pay-packet.
            (2) a packet-boat. (3) (collog.) a large amount
            of money: This watch cost a packet, it was
            very dear. He ran into a packet of debt, he
            accumulated many debts. (4) COMP. a self-con-
            tained string of characters, usu. parts of a
            larger message or information block, with iden-
            tifiers to mark their beginning and end.
            packet switch a device that converts characters
            into packets for transmission or reassembles
            them at the receiving station.

            packet-boat sHIPG. a fast ship carrying mail,
            passengers, and parcels of goods. Syn. mail-
            boat.

            packet-portsHIPG. a port used mainly by packet-
            boats and ferry-boats.

            packing CoM. & IND. the covering given to goods
            to protect them from damage and theft while
            oe carried from one place to another. Abbr.
            pkg.

            packing-case COM. & IND. a strong wooden
            box to contain and protect goods while being
            carried from place to place.

            packing list CoM. & IND. a list of the articles
            contained in a particular package or container,
            such as a packing-case, so that the contents
            can be checked on arrival. Syn. packing slip;
            packing sheet.

            packing station IND. & AGR. a factory where
            goods, esp. foodstuffs, are packed for sale in
            shops or for shipment abroad. Syn. (U.S.A.)
            packing house; packers.

            packman an old name for a pedlar.

            et .
            i | ="
            j r
            ta
            i rl
            . Ly



                evince -p 393 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            382 - pact

            act a solemn agreem
            rsons, organizauion

            , ing é lant

            ee oat hen growing as 4 Pp
            rn. rice, esp. when B n

            pane vaddy-field or the grain before the husk
            um ; ; “ : . P
            (outer covering) 15 removec
            ttah see shaduf.

            age v. TOUR. to try to | |
            : his name, as is done by a pa
            Please page Mr Smith; he
            a hs TOUR. a boy employed in a hotel to
            carry messages and to do other light work. A/so

            a page.
            page traffic ADVTS. the number of people calcu-
            ed at a particular page in 4

            lated to have look > in
            single copy of a publication; the calculation 1s
            used to estimate the number of people who will

            see an advertisement.
            paid bill see under bill of exchange.
            paid cheque see cancelled cheque under cheque.

            paid-in capital see paid-up capital under capi-
            tal.
            paid secretary of an association, society or
            club, a secretary who receives a salary or fee
            for his services, as opposed to an honorary
            (unpaid) secretary.
            paid share see partly-paid share under share.
            paid-up capital see under capital.
            paid-up insurance see under insurance, classes
            and kinds of.
            paired comparison IND. a method of product
            testing widely used in marketing research. Two
            products are tested by the consumer, who is
            asked to evaluate them in a comparative
            fashion. Cf. monadic testing.
            Pakeha a New Zealander of European origin.
            Palantype the makers’ name for a machine
            worked by touching keys on a keyboard with
            the fingers, for recording on a band of paper
            the actual words of speech while they are being
            spoken. The machine produces notes in the
            form of signs that can easily be read and
            written or typed as an exact record of what has
            been said, e.g. during a trial in a court of law.
            Palgrave Sir Robert (1827-1919), English econ-
            omist, editor of The Economist (from 1877 to
            1883) and the writer of a well-known Dictionary
            of Political Economy (1894).
            pallet TRANSPT. a strong, flat, wooden board or
            metal plate with spaces underneath, used for
            lifting and moving loads esp. by means of a
            fork-lift truck or pallet truck.
            palm-grease see grease.
            palm off (collog.) to persuade somebody to buy
            something worthless; to sell deceitfully: J was
            pare off with a clock that does not keep good
            ki They tried to palm off valueless shares on
            Palm-oil see grease.
            Pamphlet see brochure.

            n two Or more

            t betwee
            - Syn. com-

            s or countries.

            find a person by calling
            ge-boy in a hotel :
            is wanted on the

            = ——__
            P Lr -
            —

            iles
            » Canal SHIPG. 4 ship-canal 51 mi
            par seengr toe the Isthmus of Panama, emanate:
            ing the Atlantic and Pacific Oceans and able
            to take large ocean-going vessels.
            panel research see consumer panel. bi
            panic FIN. & ECON. at a time of business crisis

            ack of confidence, a sudden and very great
            toad of a financial crash of prices on the
            stock exchanges and money markets; this fear
            causes people to rush to sell securities, driving
            prices even lower, to draw money out of banks,
            and to do other things that greatly disturb the
            economy.
            ‘Panlibhonco’ see flag of convenience.
            paper (1) On paper (a) recorded in writing: Please
            put the details on paper, write them down a a
            record. (b) in theory but not in practice: .
            should, on paper, make a profit, but if pr “ase
            he will make a loss. The idea appears Zoo a
            paper but it will not work in practice. (Cc) €
            being planned or designed: The new nee e
            exists only on paper. See paper profit under
            profit. (2) FIN. & BKG. negotiable instruments,
            such as bills of exchange, and promissory notes,
            considered collectively.
            commercial paper see separate entry.
            ~commodity paper see separate entry.
            financial paper see separate entry.
            fine paper see separate entry.
            first-class paper see fine paper.
            trade paper see trade bill under bill of exchange.
            paper bail part of a typewriter, consisting of a
            hinged bar with two rubber rollers that hold
            the paper down on the cylinder of the machine.
            paper, carbon see carbon paper.
            paper company see under company.
            paper credit FIN. & BKG. documents that consist
            of promises to pay money on demand or at
            some future date which can therefore be used
            in place of money.
            paper currency see under currency.
            paper-cylinder see platen.
            paper-feed part of a typewriter which guides
            the paper round the platen or roller. See car-
            riage (4).
            paper, financial see financial paper.
            paper loss see under loss.
            paper, manifold see under manifold.
            i — Standard units of quantity used
            24 sheets = 1 quire
            20 quires = 1 ream

            480 sheets = 1 ream (stationer’s)
            484-516 sheets = 1 ream (printer’s)

            500 sheets = 1 lon ream
            paper mill.see mil.
            Paper money see under money.
            Paper profit see under profit.
            Paper punch see punch. __
            Papers, ship's see ship’s papers.
            Paper standard see under standard.


                evince -p 394 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            er title see under title.

            aph.
            ie at in value; on the same level: On a

            p : _of bonds, stocks, shares,
            par with: ON naieied’ value, usu. the sum
            on hey were issued. If the face value of
            a we is £100, then £100 is its par value or
            er price or issue par OF nominal par. If the
            security can be bought for this sum, the price
            ‘s at par; if it can be bought for a lower sum,
            its price is below par or at a discount and if a
            larger sum has to be paid, its price is above par
            or at a premium. In the U.S.A. some securities
            are issued without a nominal or face value and
            are called no-par-value securities. (3) FIN. the
            relative value of the standard currency units of
            two countries, called the par of exchange or par
            rate of exchange or par exchange rate. It is the
            rate of exchange at par, i.e. without either
            premium or discount, and lies somewhere
            between the buying rate and the selling rate
            current in the market. See also mint par of
            exchange.

            para. paragraph.

            paragraph one of the divisions of a letter, report
            or other document. It is a series of sentences
            dealing with a particular point or process of
            thought. Each paragraph should begin on a
            separate line, to let the reader know that a
            change of subject-matter, line of thought or
            argument is taking place. Abbr. par.; para.

            parallel (of latitude) see latitude.

            parallel rate (of exchange) see under ex-
            change rate. |

            parallel standard see under standard.

            parameter in mathematics, a quantity that is
            fixed, that is not variable. Thus in a business,
            the top management may fix parameters, 1.e.
            amounts of money, within which managers
            must keep the expenses of their departments.

            parcel n. (1) a quantity of goods wrapped in
            paper or other material to make a package for
            carriage or storage. Cf. package. (2) a quantity
            or group of things put together to form a single
            unit for a particular purpose: A parcel of shares,

            a marketable parcel, a group of shares of a size

            suitable for selling in the market. A shipment

            parcel, a shipment of goods going together as

            a unit. A parcel of bills of exchange, a group of

            mixed bills having a common maturity date

            and therefore likely to be easily sold in the
            market. (3) a particular piece or plot of land,
            as opposed to other pieces or plots.

            v. (1) to divide into parts or shares: To parcel

            out, to distribute parts to a number of persons.

            (2) to make (goods) up into packages, to pack-

            age.

            parcel post see under post.

            parcels office TRANSPT. an office in or near a
            railway station where goods packed in parcels
            are received for carriage by passenger train

            park - 383

            or parcels train, and where parcels may be
            collected on arrival.

            parent company see under company.

            Pareto Vilfredo (1848-1923), Italian economist
            and sociologist, Professor of Political Economy
            at Lausanne, Switzerland. His application of
            mathematics to economic analysis led to his
            Cours d’Economie Politique (1896~7) which
            dealt in detail with the distribution of incomes
            and wealth. In his Manuale d'Economia Politica
            (1906) he introduced the concept (idea) of indif-
            ference curves as tools of analysis.

            Pareto Principle ECON. THEORY a loose appli-
            cation of Pareto’s Law often used in business
            to refer to the distribution of economic activity
            in a market. The main effect it describes is the
            fact that a large proportion of the activity in a
            market is often accounted for by a small num-
            ber of market operators. As the ratio is often
            80:20, this is also often known as the ‘80/20’
            rule. Applications include: 80% of profits come
            from 20% of a company’s products; 80% of
            sales are accounted for by 20% of a company’s
            customers.

            Pareto’s Law ECON. THEORY. a theory which
            states that the way in which income-levels are
            distributed among the population tends to be
            the same in all countries; and that only
            increased production will raise the incomes of
            the poorer members. Although Pareto’s Law
            has had many critics, his main argument holds,
            that it is difficult to change the income-distri-
            bution pattern.

            par exchange rate see par (3).

            pari passu STK. EXCH. (Latin, by equal steps)
            ranking equally. Thus, an issue of new shares
            ranking pari passu with existing shares means
            that holders of both the new and the old have
            exactly equal rights for payment of dividends
            and, if the company is wound up, for repay-
            ment of capital.

            Paris Bourse see bourse.

            Paris Club see Group of Ten.

            parish in Britain, originally a district having
            a church, but also now the smallest unit in
            the system of local government. It consists
            of an elected parish council with very limited
            powers and mainly responsible for presenting
            to the higher local authority, the district coun-
            cil, the views of the electors on matters of local
            interest.

            Parity ECON. & FIN. the state of being equal, of
            having equality of value or importance: The
            two currencies are at parity. To reach parity, to
            become equal in value. Parities pl. rates of
            exchange.

            parity grid see European Monetary System.

            parity of exchange FIN. the amount of one
            currency in units of another as fixed by agree-
            ment of the two governments.

            park n. an enclosed area of land with grass and



                evince -p 395 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            384 - parking
            trees used for rest or amusement. See also

            industrial park. , palin
            v. to deposit, to leave temporarily, as in a Car

            park. / 7
            parking STK. EXCH. (collog.) holding in ones

            own name stock or shares really belonging to
            another person in order to hide that that person
            is the actual owner. (This practice 1s illegal in
            many countries, particularly if the stock/ shar es
            have been bought illegally, e.g. as an insider-
            trading deal.) 1 Sa

            Parkinson’s Law see under Organization, Laws
            of.

            parlay (U.S.A.) to place past winnings on
            another wager. (Fig.) to put an asset to the
            most profitable use possible. Syn. to exploit.

            Parliament the law-making body of the United
            Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ire-
            land. It consists of the House of Lords and the
            House of Commons.

            Parliamentary Commissioner for Admin-
            istration in Britain, an officer of Parliament
            responsible for examining complaints of mal-
            administration by government departments.
            These complaints are passed to him by Mem-
            bers of Parliament who receive them from the
            public. Syn. Ombudsman.

            par of exchange see par (3).

            parol LAw of a contract, by word of mouth; oral;
            unwritten. See parol contract, simple contract
            under contract.

            Parquet STK. EXCH. in the Paris Bourse, the body
            of official stockbrokers. Cf. Coulisse.

            par rate of exchange see par (3).

            parsimony zn. the fault of taking too much care
            in the use of money. Adj. parsimonious.

            part delivery see part order.

            part-exchange see under exchange, n. (1).

            partial acceptance see under acceptance (4).

            partial analysis ECON. THEORY a branch of
            economic theory that studies the working of a
            relatively small part of the economy, without
            taking into account influences from outside.
            Cf. aggregate analysis. Syn. particular equilib-
            rium analysis.

            partial equilibrium see under equilibrium.

            partial loss MAR. INSCE. a loss of part of the
            thing or goods insured, not the whole. See
            average (4). Abbr. P/L; P.L.

            participate v. to have a share in; to take or play
            a part in: To participate in the management of
            the business and in its profits. N. participation:
            participant. See employee participation.

            Participating bond see profit-sharing bond
            under bond, n.

            Participating insurance see mutual insurance
            under insurance, classes and kinds of.

            ner eelnaune preference share see under

            naowseng preferred stock see under
            OCK.

            particular average see under average (4). Abbr.

            P.A. ea
            particular equilibrium see under equilibrium.

            particular lien see under lien. 7 )
            particulars detailed facts; full information:
            Please give me full particulars of your new proa-
            uct. Syn. details.
            partition (1) division into parts or shares: The
            partition of property among heirs. (2) separation
            of parts: The partition of India and Pakistan. (3)
            a thing that separates, such as a light wall
            separating one office from another.
            partly-paid share see under share.
            partner LAW one of two or more persons who
            have joined together as an unincorporated
            (unregistered) association to carry on business
            for the purpose of making a profit. A member
            of a partnership. Syn. a co-partner; an associ-
            ate.
            acting partner one who takes an active part in
            the work of the firm. Cf. dormant/secret/
            silent/sleeping partner. Syn. active partner;
            general partner; ordinary partner; working
            partner.
            active partner see acting partner above.
            dormant partner see sleeping partner below.
            general partner see acting partner above.
            junior partner one who is lower in rank and
            importance than the other partner(s) in the
            firm. Cf. senior partner.
            limited partner see limited partnership under
            partnership.
            managing partner a partner who has been ap-
            pointed by all the other partners to manage the
            everyday affairs of the firm.
            nominal partner a partner in name only; a
            person who only lends his name to a partner-
            ship, usu. for reward. He is not a legal partner,
            takes no part in the management of the firm
            and has no right to a share in its profits.
            ordinary partner see acting partner above.
            senior partner one of the partners who are the
            highest in rank and importance in a partner-
            ship firm. Cf. junior partner.
            silent partner see sleeping partner below.
            sleeping partner one who only invests money in
            a partnership business. He has the right to a
            share in the profits but takes no active part in
            the management of the firm. Syn. dormant
            partner; silent partner. Cf. acting partner
            above.
            special partner a partner who, in certain con-
            ditions, can be held liable only for a special
            amount.
            working partner see acting partner above.
            partnership Law an unincorporated (unregi-
            stered) association of two or more persons
            carrying on business together for the purpose
            of making a profit. In England and Wales, a
            partnership is not a separate legal person (but

            in Scotland it is). Contracts made with the



                evince -p 396 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            ership are made with the partners them-
            selves. The partners share in the profits in
            agreed proportions, they do not draw ona
            nor get mo on their capital. Syn. a ; a
            Ip.
            Fan partnership in France, a form of
            partnership roughly equivalent to a limited
            partnership in Britain. The partners are called
            commanditaires. ars
            general partnership one which is not a limited
            partnership, 1.€. the members do not enjoy
            limited liability. Syn. ordinary partnership.
            illegal partnership one formed for an illegal
            purpose and therefore void (of no effect in law)
            from the beginning.
            limited or special partnership a form of partner-
            ship, sometimes found in the professions, con-
            sisting of one or more general partners having
            unlimited liability and one or more /imited
            partners whose liability is limited to the amount
            of capital they have promised to provide; but
            the limited partners may not share in the man-
            agement of the partnership. In Britain, such
            firms must register with the Registrar of Com-
            panies.
            non-trading partnership one which does not
            depend on the buying and selling of goods and
            is usu. an association of professional people
            such as doctors, lawyers and accountants. Part-
            nerships of farmers and innkeepers have been
            held by the courts to be non-trading partner-
            ships. Syn. professional partnership.
            ordinary partnership see general partnership
            above.
            professional partnership see non-trading part-
            nership above.

            special partnership see limited partnership
            above.

            trading partnership one which depends on the
            buying and selling of goods. Cf. non-trading
            partnership.

            partnership accounts ACCTS. the accounts of
            a partnership; they are different from those of
            a sole trader (single owner of a business) only in
            having separate capital, drawings and current
            accounts for each partner, and a profit and loss
            appropriation account showing how the net
            profit of the firm is shared among the partners.

            ‘cae Articles of see deed of partner-
            ship.

            partnership deed see deed of partnership.

            partnership policy see under insurance policy.

            part order Com. & IND. an order supplied only
            in part; less than the whole order, with the
            balance either already supplied, or to be sup-
            plied later, or not to be supplied at all. Syn.
            part delivery.

            part Owner sHIPG. one of several holders of
            shares in a ship.

            Part paid see partly-paid share under share.

            part performance see under Sditonriaiias’

            partn

            pass-book - 385

            yart-time job see job.

            arty 7m. (1) a person, esp. one who is concerned
            in some action or matter being discussed: J do
            not know the party you referred to. (2) a group
            of people meeting for a common purpose such
            as (a) amusement: A dinner/card/cocktail party ;
            or (b) to examine and report on a particular
            subject: A working party. See also Dutch party —
            under Dutch. (3) LAW the person or each of a
            group of persons who form one side or the
            other in an agreement: The contracting parties.
            The parties to the agreement, OF in a disagree-
            ment: The opposing parties. The parties to the
            dispute; or in a lawsuit: Parties in/to the suit.
            (4) LAW any person who signs a legal document.
            (5) TOUR. a group of people travelling together.

            arty wall Law a wall dividing two buildings.
            If the buildings belong to different owners,
            each party owns the half of the wall on his side
            but also has the right to receive the benefit of
            support given by the other half.

            yar value (1) STK. EXCH. the price or value
            fixed by the organization issuing a security and
            printed on the stock or share certificate. If the
            market price is at par, a £1 share, if fully paid
            up, can be bought or sold in the market for £1.
            Syn. nominal value; nominal price; face value.
            (2) BKG. see par (3).

            var voie télégraphique (French) by telegraph.
            Abbr. p.v.t.

            *~ASCAL comp. a programming language, used
            principally by scientists. Cf. ALGOL; APL;
            BASIC; COBOL; FORTRAN; PL/I.

            ass. passenger.

            ass n. (1) a document giving the holder the

            right to pass, to enter or leave property freely,
            or to travel free of charge on buses, trains, etc. :
            An official/entry/railway/gate pass. (2) a trick,
            deceit (see passing off).
            v. (1) to authorize, approve, adopt: To pass a
            law/motion|/resolution|judgment/sentence. (2) to
            go by, let go by, without seeing or acting: To
            pass a dividend, to decide to pay no dividend.
            (3) (collog.) To pass round the hat, to collect
            money as a present for somebody or because
            he is in serious need.

            assage (1) sHIPG. a voyage from one port to
            another or through a particular piece of narrow
            iy bon had a rough passage from Suez to
            on passage of a ship, still at sea, not yet havi
            reached the port to which she is poli Syn. nae
            voyage.
            passage money money paid to and received by
            a carrier for the carriage of passengers.

            - ter . aan ee over water that is
            y owned: A right of passage.
            ass-book (1) BKG. a book, aittier titind or in
            loose sheets called pass sheets, containing a
            written or typed record of all debits and credits
            made in a customer’s current or deposit




                evince -p 397 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &


            386 - passenger

            account. It is held by the customer who, from
            time to time, hands it to the bank to be brought
            up to date. The pass-book has been almost
            entirely replaced by the computerized bank
            statement. Syn. bank book. Abbr. P.B. (current
            pass-book); D.P.B. (deposit pass-book). (2)
            FIN. a book recording payments made into and
            out of a building society account. (3) COM. a
            book sometimes supplied to a customer by a
            trader or shopkeeper, in which are recorded
            details of goods sold to the customer on credit.

            passenger (1) TRANSPT. & SHIPG. a person who
            travels in a ship, plane, train, bus, car or other
            means of transport who is not the driver, pilot
            or other member of the crew: The passengers
            and crew of a ship. A passenger ship/liner/vessel/
            plane/train, one that is used mainly for carrying
            passengers rather than cargo or goods. Passen-
            ger accommodation, the space in a ship or plane
            reserved for use by passengers. A fare-paying
            passenger. Abbr. pass. (2) (collog.) one of a
            group of workers who does less than his share
            of the work; an ineffective worker.

            passenger list see under list.

            passenger manifest see under manifest.

            passing off LAw pretending that the product
            that one is selling is the product of another
            person. Thus, if a seller misleads buyers by
            selling goods bearing the name, mark or label
            of another producer, the injured party can
            bring an action against him in the courts for
            damages for the harm done to his business
            goodwill.

            passive balance (of trade) ECON. an unfa-
            vourable balance. Opp. active balance; favour-
            able balance.

            passive bond see under bond, n.

            passive income see under income.

            passport TOUR. & TRANSPT. an official document,
            usu. in the form of a book, issued by the
            government of a country to a person belonging
            to that country, allowing him to enter his coun-
            try and to leave it to visit certain foreign
            countries. The holder uses this document when
            abroad to prove who he is, and to obtain the
            help and protection, if needed, of representa-
            tives of his government in foreign countries.

            pass sheet see pass-book (1).

            password COMP. a unique group of characters
            which identifies a user authorized to gain
            access to data which 1s regarded as confidential
            or secret. See also authorization code.

            past consideration see under consideration.

            past-due bill see overdue bill under bill of ex-
            change.

            pasture AGR. grassland on which cattle are rai-
            sed; grassland used for grazing, not for making
            hay. Syn. grazing. |

            patent Law (1) in Britain, a special right given
            by the Crown to an inventor to be the only
            person to make and sell, or to authorize others

            to make and sell, a newly-invented machine or
            process. In law, the life of a patent is 20 years
            but in certain cases this can be extended by
            five or ten years. To take out a patent, to patent.
            In U.S.A., a right similar to that given in
            Britain, but having a life of 17 years. (2) in
            U.S.A., a right to own a piece of land given
            by the government.
            v. to obtain a patent for a new machine or
            process.

            patent agent LAw a professional person, trai-
            ned in the law relating to patents and trade-
            marks and registered with the government. He
            acts for persons such as inventors in the highly
            complicated process of obtaining a patent for
            a new invention. Syn. (U.S.A.) patent attorney.

            patentee LAW a person to whom a patent has
            been officially granted or in whose name a
            patent is officially registered.

            patent medicine IND. a medicine, the compo-
            sition of which is protected by a patent. Also
            proprietary medicine, see proprietary product.

            Patent Office Law in Britain, the government
            office that receives and examines applications
            for patents, controls the granting of patents
            and attends to the registration of patents and
            trade-marks.

            patrimony LAW money and real property that
            has passed by inheritance from father to son
            to grandson to great-grandson, and so on.

            patron (1) CoM. a regular supporter, esp. a per-
            son who supports a retail business by buying
            regularly from it rather than from others. (2) a
            person who helps a poorer but deserving per-
            son, or some charity, with money.

            patronage com. the regular support given by a
            patron to a business such as a shop or hotel.

            patronize v. (1) to act as a patron, as a regular
            customer: He patronizes the restaurant at the
            corner of the street. (2) to treat a person as being
            of lower rank or importance than oneself: An
            employer should not be patronizing towards his
            workers.

            pattern CoM. a sample, esp. of a cloth or carpet,
            to show quality, colour and design.

            pauper a very poor person, esp. a person who
            needs or receives support from the community.

            pauperism the state of being a pauper. Contin-
            ual poverty.

            pawn n. Law (1) an article of personal property
            deposited as security for a loan. (2) the state
            of being deposited as security: Goods in pawn,
            goods that have been deposited as security.
            Syn. gage; pledge.
            v. to deposit, as security for a loan, personal
            property on the condition that if the loan is
            not paid within a certain time (in Britain, six
            months) the pawnee (lender) has the right to
            sell the good(s) pawned and from the money
            thus obtained to keep enough to cover the
            amount of the loan and any interest due; any



                evince -p 398 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            balance remaining must be paid to the pawnor.
            Syn. pledge; (collog.) pop; hock. See also spout.
            pawnbroker see under broker.
            pawnee LAW a person, such as a moneylender
            or pawnbroker, who takes personal property
            as security for a loan. If the debt is over £2
            and is not repaid within six months, the
            awnee may sell the property, take back the
            amount of the loan and give any balance to
            the pawnor. Syn. pledgee.
            pawnor LAW a person who pawns, 1.e. deposits
            personal property as security for a loan of
            money from the pawnee, usu. a pawnbroker.
            Also pawner. Syn. pledgor.
            pawnshop see pawnbroker under broker ; spout.
            pay v. (1) to give money for something: To pay
            for a meal before leaving the restaurant. To pay
            one’s way, to pay one’s share of expenses. The
            business pays its way, it covers its costs. To pay
            through the nose, to pay too high a price. To
            pay on the nail, see nail. (2) to settle a debt by
            giving money or performing some duty. He has
            paid all that he owed. This bill is due to be
            paid today. You may pay by instalments. (3) to
            produce a profit: Jt pays to advertise. Publishing
            is a paying business.
            n. money earned by, or given to, an employee
            as wages or salary in return for his services. /
            draw my pay weekly on Thursdays. His pay is
            higher than hers. See free pay.
            payable FIN. & ACCTS. (1) due to be paid: This
            bill of exchange is payable three months from
            now. See also account payable; bills payable.
            (2) that must or will be paid: Interest is payable
            quarterly. See account payable. (3) profitable:
            A payable gold-mine, one that pays, or can be
            made to pay, a profit.
            pay and file TAXN. a way of collecting taxes
            under which the taxpayer works out the tax he
            thinks he is due to pay and pays that amount
            at the time he files his tax return. If later it is
            found that he has paid too much, he receives
            interest on the surplus; and if too little, he has
            to pay interest on the amount short. In this
            way the tax authorities get their money earlier
            and the taxpayer will not lose if he pays too
            much.
            pay as you earn TAXN. in Britain, the popular
            name for a method of collecting income tax,
            by which an employer must by law deduct
            income tax from each employee’s wages or
            salary, and must pay this tax to the government
            once a month. Abbr. P.A.Y.E.
            payback period CoM. & IND. the length of time
            it will take for the saving in running cost of a
            new and more efficient machine to pay for the
            new machine. It is usu. expressed in years and
            is calculated by dividing the cost of the new
            machine by the saving per year.
            pay cash BKG. words written by the drawer on
            a cheque which has already been crossed, in

            payload - 387

            order to ‘open’ the crossing and to tell the
            paying bank to pay the payee in cash. This is
            done usu. where the payee has no bank account
            into which he could pay a crossed cheque.

            paycheck MAN. & FIN. (U.S.A.) (1) payment
            received by an employee as wages or salary.
            (2) a cheque making such a payment.

            pay day (1) the day on which an employee is
            paid. In Britain, each Thursday or Friday in
            the case of employees paid weekly wages; or
            usu. the last Thursday or Friday in the month,
            or the last day in the month, in the case of
            employees paid a monthly salary. (2) STK. EXCH.
            Pay Day see Account Day.

            P.A.Y.E. pay as you earn.

            payee BKG. the person or organization whose
            name appears in a cheque or bill of exchange
            as being the person to whom, or to whose
            order, payment is to be made. Account payee
            only, see account payee.
            deceased payee a payee who is dead. A cheque
            or bill of exchange bearing the name of such
            a person may be paid after it has been endorsed
            by his legal representative such as his executor
            or administrator.
            fictitious payee on a cheque or bill of exchange,
            a payee who, although named, clearly does not
            and never did exist, or is somebody to whom
            the drawer clearly did not intend it to be
            paid, such as Sherlock Holmes. In such cases,
            payment may be made to bearer. Cf. imper-
            sonal payee below.
            impersonal payee on a cheque, a payee who is
            clearly not a person or group of persons, ¢.g.
            ‘wages or order’. A cheque bearing such a
            direction is not payable to bearer but may be
            paid if properly endorsed by the drawer in
            favour of a person. Cf. fictitious payee above.

            payer BKG. a person who pays, esp. one who
            pays a bill of exchange or promissory note.
            Also payor.

            pay freeze see wage freeze under freeze.

            paying bank(er) BKG. one on whom a cheque
            or bill of exchange has been drawn, and who
            pays it.

            paying guest a person living in a private house
            or guest-house who, in return for payment, is
            provided with one or more rooms and with
            meals. Cf. lodger.

            paying-in book BKG. a book of paying-in slips.

            paying-in slip BKG. in Britain, the printed form
            used by a customer of a bank when paying
            cash, cheques, etc. to the bank for credit to his
            account. The form contains a list of the more
            usual items paid in, such as the various notes
            and coins in use, cheques, postal orders, etc.
            The form has a counterfoil which is stamped
            and initialled by the bank teller and handed to
            the customer as a receipt. Syn. credit voucher;
            credit slip; (U.S.A.) deposit slip.

            payload TRANSPT. of the total load that a vehicle



                evince -p 399 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            388 - paymaster

            can carry, that part that earns moneys a) a
            passengers and goods carried in return for fares
            and freight. A/so pay load, ere ore
            paymaster FIN. an official responal bie i) o
            ing government employees their salaries,
            ages, or pensions.
            seninent (1) the act of paying: 7he ae x
            wages/debts/taxes/rates must not be dela) ed, (2)
            the money paid: We have received payment of
            your bill. You agree to repay this loan by weer! y
            payments of £10. Down payment, see down (2).
            Abbr. pt; payt.
            payment after delivery see under payment

            terms. |
            payment bill see under bill of exchange.

            payment by results IND. a payment system
            which pays by items of work completed. Abbr.

            payment countermanded see stopped cheque

            under cheque.
            payment for honour see payment supra pro-

            test.
            payment in due course BKG. payment of a
            bill of exchange when it becomes due, i.e. at
            maturity.
            payment in kind FIN. payment that is made or
            received, not in money, but in goods or ser-
            vices. See income in kind. Abbr. P.I.K.
            payment on account see account (2c).
            payment on invoice/receipt of goods/
            Statement see under payment terms.
            payments, balance of see balance of pay-
            ments.
            payments, preferential see preferential pay-
            ments.
            payment stopped see stopped cheque under
            cheque.
            payment supra protest BKG. the act of a
            person, other than the debtor, who pays a
            dishonoured bill of exchange after it has been
            protested, in order to protect the honour of the
            debtor. In paying it he must arrange for a
            notary to draw up and attest (witness) a formal
            document called a notarial act of honour which
            must state for whose honour the bill has been
            paid; this document must be fastened to the
            protest. Syn. payment for honour.
            payment terms com. the conditions agreed
            between buyer and seller concerning the
            method of payment for the goods; these con-
            ditions are usu. demanded or proposed by the
            seller and either they are accepted by the buyer
            when placing or confirming his order, or
            different terms are arranged by negotiation.
            The main methods used are: cash (or payment)
            with order; cash (or payment) on delivery;
            prompt cash; payment after delivery; payment
            On invoice or statement: monthly or quarterly
            account, open account; mail or cable transfer;
            bill of exchange; documents against cash, or
            “bainst payment, or against acceptance: letter

            ———

            of credit; acceptance credit; banker’s authority

            to negotiate.

            documents against payment see cash

            documents.

            payment after delivery payment for a cred, sale
            at an agreed number of days after delivery
            Often, when a cash discount is Offered, the
            seller will state on the invoice: 7 days 2% 14
            days lh, 28 days net, being days after delivery.
            A credit sale on open account is payable within
            a fixed credit period.

            payment on delivery see cash on delivery. Abbr
            P.O.D.

            payment on invoice payment which is due to be
            made as soon as the buyer receives an invoice.
            which may be before the goods are sent off, or
            at the same time, or soon after they are deli-
            vered. This method of payment is used esp. for
            a single sale, i.e. when there is no regular
            trading arrangement between buyer and seller
            such as would cause the seller to open an
            account in his ledgers in the buyer’s name. Cf.
            payment on statement.
            payment on receipt of goods see cash on delivery.
            payment on statement payment which is due to
            be made when the buyer receives a statement
            of account or at an agreed later date. This
            method of payment is used when the seller has
            an account in his ledgers in the buyer’s name.
            Cf. payment on invoice.
            payment with order see cash with order.

            pay-off (collog.) n. (1) the paying of money to

            settle a debt completely. (2) a bribe. (3) a
            redundancy payment or golden handshake.
            Also payoff.

            Pay Off v. (1) to pay all wages, salary, etc. owing
            to an employee and put an end to his/her
            employment: He paid off his staff, ending their
            employment. (2) to settle a debt completely :
            We have paid off the mortgage, there is nothing
            more owing. (3) to bribe (someone). (4) to prove
            to be profitable, esp. in the case of a risky
            course of action: His purchase of the bankrupt
            business has paid off, has proved to be a profit-
            able investment.

            payola com. (U.S.A. collog.) (1) the practice
            of giving and taking bribes, esp. for using
            influence unfairly in promoting (increasing the
            demand for) a product. (2) a bribe of this kind.

            payor see payer.

            pay-packet FIN. (1) an envelope containing an
            employee’s wages when paid in cash, together
            with a pay-slip stating how the amount paid
            has been calculated. (2) the amount earned by
            an employee as wages: The average weekly pay-

            packet of a skilled industria] worker is £170.
            pay-roll accts. & MAN. (1) a complete and per-
            manent list of employees at a particular date,
            with details of the amounts paid, or to be paid,
            to each employee, and how these amounts are
            calculated. It may be divided into a weekly

            against


                evince -p 400 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &


            ay-roll and a monthly pay-roll, according to
            whether employees are paid a weekly wage or
            qa monthly salary. Syn. wages sheet. (2) the
            total amount paid to employees as wages and
            salaries: The weekly pay-roll of the company is
            £50,000. (3) the cash needed to pay the wages
            of all employees who are paid in cash: A pay-
            roll robbery, a theft of cash intended to pay
            such employees. (4) the total number of persons
            employed by an organization: The society has
            a pay-roll of 400.
            pay-roll clerk see wages clerk.
            pay-roll tax TAXN. a tax on employers of a fixed
            amount weekly or monthly for each person
            employed. The purpose is usu. to make
            employers use labour more effectively.
            pay scales IND. a set of wage or salary scales set
            at different levels for different jobs according to
            a grading system. See also grading.
            pay-slip ACCTS. & MAN. a paper given to each
            employee each time he is paid, showing how
            the amount paid has been calculated.
            payt. payment
            pay T.V. a television programme service
            received by cable and paid for by the user.
            Such programmes usu. contain no commercial
            advertising.
            P.B. pass-book.
            P.B.R. payment by results.
            P.B.X. private branch exchange.
            P.C. postcard; police constable; personal com-
            puter.
            P/C price(s) current; petty cash; per cent.
            p.c. per cent.
            pc., pce. piece.
            P.C.B. petty cash book.
            P.C.P. prime commercial paper.
            PCS. pieces; prices.
            Pd., pd. paid; passed.
            P.D. port dues.
            p.d. per diem (per day).
            P.d., P.D., p/d, P/D price dividend (ratio).
            P.D.M. physical distribution management.
            p.d.r., P.D.R. price-dividend ratio.
            P.E. Philadelphia Stock Exchange.
            P/E, p/e, P/e price-earnings (ratio).
            peak (1) the pointed top; the highest point, e.g.
            of a mountain. (2) IND. the time of day or year
            when something is at its highest level: Peak
            demand, (a) the time when the demand for e.g.
            electricity, gas, travel are greatest. (b) the size
            of the demand at this time. Opp. off-peak. (3)
            STK. & COMMOD. EXCH. of prices, the highest
            point reached: Prices are believed to be at their
            peak, prices are expected to fall from now on.
            See season.
            peasant one of a class of persons, formerly on
            the continent of Europe, and in many develop-
            ing countries, who own or rent, and cultivate,
            small farms, or are employed as agricultural
            workers. |


            pence - 389

            peck In corn and dry measure, 2 gallons or 16
            pints or a quarter of a bushel. | pk. = 9.092
            litres. Abbr. pk.

            peculation see embezzlement.

            pecuniary relating to, consisting of, money: He
            gives his services for no pecuniary reward, he
            receives no money for his work, To make a
            pecuniary gain, to receive money. To suffer a
            pecuniary loss, to lose money. To have a pecuni-
            ary interest in a business/contract/venture, to
            have invested money in it. Syn. monetary.

            peddle com. to carry small articles from house

            to house selling them usu. very cheaply. Cf. to
            hawk.

            peddler see pedlar.

            pedestrian a person who is walking, esp. in a
            street or road.

            pediar Com. a person who peddles. Also (U.S.A.)
            pedler, peddler.

            pedier see pedlar.

            peer group MAN. a group of people of similar
            standing and status, to which a member may
            feel a stronger bond than to the organization
            of which the peer group is a part, e.g. doctors
            or administrators within a hospital.

            peg COM. & ECON. to keep unchanged: To peg
            prices/wages, by government action, to prevent
            them rising, esp. in a period of inflation. Pegged
            rates of exchange, rates held steady by the
            buying and selling of gold or foreign currencies
            in the foreign-exchange markets.
            crawling peg FIN. a method used by some coun-
            tries of keeping the exchange rate between
            currencies reasonably steady for fixed periods,
            raising or lowering the rate within certain small
            limits only if market conditions call for a
            change.

            P.E.1. Prince Edward Island, Canada.

            pelf money, wealth, riches, esp. in the sense of

            being something bad or dishonourable. Cf.
            filthy lucre.

            pen. peninsula.

            penalty Law (1) a punishment, esp. a payment
            of money, for breaking a law. Syn. fine. (2) an
            agreed sum of money to be paid as a punish-
            ment by the party who is guilty of breaking a
            contract. In Britain, a penalty for breach of
            contract will not be supported by the courts.
            Cf. damages.

            penalty bond see under bond, n.

            penalty clause LAW in a contract, a clause
            stating a sum of money (the penalty) that must
            be paid as a punishment by any party who is
            guilty of failing to perform his part of the
            contract. (But see penalty (2).)

            penalty interest rate see under interest rate.

            pence pi. of penny, esp. in expressing a value:
            The railway charges fifty pence a day for parking
            a car in the station car park. But when separate
            penny coins are meant, the p/. form pennies 1s


            /


                evince -p 401 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            390 - pence rate

            used: The boy collected a box

            Abbr. Pp.
            rate see exchange rate. | ea
            Sendhil (1) remaining undecided ; Lag Ate a
            ; tled or completed: Pending papers: = eg
            pending, letters, bills, etc. waiting to be

            in which
            with. Pending tray/file, ' Sy esis waiting:
            pending papers are kept. ‘ie we are waiting
            Pending your instructions, whi : ~ ] of the ship
            for you to instruct us. Pending arrivat 0
            the goods are to be stored at the port. A
            penetration the extent to which a ed vd
            gains a share of the market, i.e. the proport
            of potential customers who are actual cus
            tomers. A penetration strategy \s usually a low-
            price strategy to encourage customers to try
            the product.
            Penn. Pennsylvania, U.S.A.
            penniless without a penny; having no money.
            penny (1) the fractional currency unit of the
            United Kingdom and the Irish Republic, one-
            hundredth part of a pound. Abbr. p. P/. pennies
            or pence (for explanation of which to use, see
            pence). (2) a popular name for the one-cent
            coin of Canada and the U.S.A. (3) any small
            sum of money: The old lady was left without a
            penny, without any money. To buy in penny
            numbers, in small lots, little by little. See also
            penny-pincher.
            earnest-penny see under earnest.
            penny-wise careful with money; inclined to save
            money rather than spend it.
            (4) (collog.) Pretty penny, a large amount of
            money : He earns/spends a pretty penny on racing.
            -penny suffix in adjectives relating to price,
            such as twopenny (pron. tupni), threepenny (pron.
            threpni), fourpenny (pron. forpni), and so on. A
            oe 'y bus fare/parking charge/bar of choco-
            ate.
            penny-pincher a person who is too careful with
            money, or is inclined to save money rather
            than spend it, and will not give it away. Syn
            pinchpenny.
            penny stock sTK. EXCH. (U.S.A.) a stock that
            sells for less than $1.
            pennyweight a small measure of weight in the
            troy system, one-twentieth part of an ounce
            troy, and consisting of 24 grains = 1.5552 g.
            Abbr. dwt.; pwt. See table on page 546.
            pennyworth com. as much as can be bought
            for a penny; a very small quantity of some-
            thing. Also penn’orth.
            pension n. (1) a regular weekly or monthly
            payment, usu. of a fixed sum of money, made
            to a person in return for past services, Starting
            from the time of retirement from regular full-
            oak work, and continuing until death. (2) a
            bien payment to a disabled person or to a

            contribu | |
            giant pension see contributory pension

            full of pennies.

            er disablement.
            disablement pens as isipeeaie’ from time
            ae in proportion to increases 1m the cost-
            Samat pension see non-contributory
            pene Tei a retirement pension that
            See foe or relates to, past service with one
            or more employers under a pension scheme, as
            opposed to a state retirement pension payable
            under the national insurance scheme. 3 |
            old age pension in Britain, the expression still
            ‘1 common use for the state retirement pension
            paid by the government to men usu. at age 65,
            and to women at age 60. Addr. O.A.P.; 0.a.p.
            See retirement pension below.
            portable pension one that can be moved from
            the pension fund of one employer to that of
            another without loss to the employee.
            retirement pension one that starts when an
            employee retires from regular work, and contin-
            ues until his death. It may be the pension
            paid by the State under the British national
            ‘nsurance scheme (formerly called the old age
            pension); or it may be an occupational pension,
            see above.
            self-administered pension a lump-sum and/or
            annuity provided on retirement by a fund con-
            trolled and managed by the employer, 1.e. not
            through a life-insurance company. Such
            schemes are usu. small and may sometimes
            provide for only one employee member. Cf.
            self-employed pension below.
            self-employed pension one arranged by a self-
            employed person usu. by buying a Personal
            Pension Plan from a life-insurance company
            to provide benefits on retirement or earlier
            death.
            top-hat pension see separate entry.
            widow’s pension one that is paid to a woman
            from the time she becomes a widow and contin-
            ues until her death. It is usu. of a smaller
            amount than the pension her husband would
            have received when he was alive.
            (3) TOUR. on the continent of Europe, esp. in
            France, a small hotel or boarding house where
            on charge includes a room and meals. Pron.
            -syon.
            pensionable service see under service.
            pensioner a person who receives a pension.
            pension fund INSCE. & STK. EXCH. a fund (stock
            of money) set aside by employers, and often by
            their employees as well, each making regular
            contributions, for the special purpose of pro-
            viding retirement pensions and widows’ pen-
            sions for their employees. In Britain, many
            pension funds work Closely with insurance

            companies and investment trusts: together
            these have become very large buyers and sellers
            of securities on the Stock Exchange, and buyers
            of non-monetary assets such as works of art


                evince -p 402 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &


            |
            |
            |

            a
            TT SL

            ee eee ee i

            i

            |
            |

            |


            | property, in which to invest the capital

            wae. in the pension funds. Syn. super-
            annuation fund. .
            ension schemes see national insurance; con-
            tributory pension scheme; non-contributory
            pension scheme. |

            People’s Bank dollar a popular name in the
            West for the yuan, the standard currency unit
            of China. A/so renminbi; reminibi; ranminbi.

            p.£.P. Personal Equity Plan. |

            Pepper-McFadden Act see McFadden Act.

            peppercorn rent a very small rent such as £1
            per year, demanded by the owner of a property
            to show that there is a relationship of landlord
            and tenant, thus making it clear that he
            remains the legal owner.

            p/e.r., P/E.r., P.E.R., p.e.r. price-earnings
            ratio.

            per by: Per bearer/passenger train/goods train/
            carrier/steamer. Abbr. p.

            per an., per ann. per annum.

            per annum (Latin, by the year) yearly; for each
            year. Abbr. p.a.

            per capita (correctly, Latin: per caput, by each
            head) for each person in the population. Per
            capita income, see under income.

            per cent (Latin: per centum, by the hundred)
            for, or in, every hundred. Three per cent of the
            population, three persons in every hundred.
            Interest at three per cent, at the rate of £3 for
            every £100 invested or borrowed. Sign: %. Abbr.
            p.c.; P/C.

            percentage (1) a rate per cent (per hundred):
            To calculate the percentage of overhead costs to
            total sales. (2) a commission of the selling price:
            He is paid a percentage on the orders he gets for
            the firm. (3) an allowance: A printer is allowed
            a small percentage of paper for spoilage. (4)
            (collog.) a profit or gain: We make a good
            percentage on our own brand of soap. (5) gener-
            ally, a proportion: A large/high/good/low/small
            percentage of debtors pay their bills promptly.

            percentage profit see under profit.

            percentile in a set of variables arranged in
            increasing or decreasing order of value, any
            variable that is equal to one-hundredth of the
            value of the highest variable and contains the
            same number of members as all the other parts.

            Perception ADVTG. & COM. a customer’s image
            of a company or product. The important point
            is that it may bear little relation to the truth,
            and yet it will be the key factor in the choice
            of product, e.g. a consumer may never consider
            a cruise holiday because he or she has a percep-
            tion that these are vastly expensive, when in
            fact some cruise holidays are cheap. Market
            researchers sometimes draw maps of a market
            (called perceptual maps), plotting the differ-
            ences in the way various brands are perceived.

            Perch in British linear measure, a length of
            5.5 yds. or 16.5 ft., equal to 5.029 m. Abbr. p.

            +. a = - * i. ae, ay
            I

            ar wey | 1 5

            peripheral workers - 391

            Syn. rod; pole.
            square perch 30.25 sq. yds. or 272. 25 sq. ft.
            equal to 25.29 m2, esp. of brickwork.
            per contra (Latin, to the other side) to the
            opposite side (of an account). A per contra entry
            or An entry per contra, in book-keeping, a
            balancing entry, such as a debit to balance a
            credit, or a credit to balance a debit.
            per diem (Latin, by the day) for each day. Abbr.
            p.d.
            perfect competition see under competition.
            perfect entry see under customs entry.
            perfecting the sight see bill of sight.
            perfect market see under market.
            perfect monopoly see pure monopoly under
            monopoly.
            perfect ream see ream.
            performance Law the act of carrying out the
            duties contained in a contract. The contract is
            discharged (completed and ended) once these
            _ duties have been performed.
            part performance a guiding rule in law that one
            party to an unwritten or informal contract
            cannot avoid performing his part by saying
            that the agreement lacked formality, if the
            other party has performed his part, wholly or
            partly, in the belief that both parties had firmly
            intended to do what they agreed to do.
            specific performance, decree of a court order
            commanding a party who has broken a con-
            tract to do what he had bound himself to do.
            performance appraisal see appraisal.
            performance bond see bond, n.
            performance fund see under mutual fund.
            performance guarantee see under guarantee.
            performing rights Law the legal rights held by
            the owner of the copyright in a literary or
            musical work or a play, to control and license
            public performances, including the right to
            charge fees.
            peril INSCE. & MAR. INSCE. an event which may
            cause a loss; serious danger; risk: To be in peril,
            to be in great danger. Perils of the sea, storm,
            fog, shipwreck or any other cause of danger to
            ships and their cargoes, such as collision. Syn.
            hazard.
            excepted perils see separate entry.
            imminent peril a situation of great danger, when
            an event, such as shipwreck, is likely to happen
            at any moment, causing a loss.
            period bill see usance bill under bill of exchange.
            period cost see fixed cost under cost.
            periodical a magazine or other publication that
            appears at regular intervals: A  weekly/
            fortnightly/monthly/quarterly periodical.
            peripheral units comp. machines that are, or
            can be, worked under the control of a com-
            puter, consisting of input, output and storage
            units. Also, peripherals.
            peripheral workers MAN. a group of workers
            who are brought in and out of the organization,


                evince -p 403 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            392 - perishables

            or moved about within it, as business demand
            See also flexible organization. Opp. core wo
            rs.

            Ss aaBles TRANSPT. goods, esp. foodstuf
            such as meat, eggs, butter, fish and fruit, th:
            will go bad unless they are delivered quick!
            or are carried or kept in cold storage: A carg
            of perishables.

            perjury LAW the offence by a witness or a
            interpreter of making an untrue statement o
            oath or affirmation, knowing it to be untrue o
            not believing it to be true.

            perk see perquisite.

            perking (collog.) stealing by an employee, some

            | times called by lawyers theft by a servant. Als

            called shrinkage because it causes the profits o

            | the business to become smaller. Perking ma:
            consist of stealing money, goods or services 0
            may take the form of dishonestly claimin;
            expenses that have not been actually paid out
            It is not to be confused with the receiving 0!
            perquisites (perks), which is not illegal.

            perm. permanent.

            permafrost aGr. land on which the soil is frozer

            throughout the year.

            permanent assets see fixed assets under assets.

            permanent debt see funded debt under national!
            debt.

            permanent health policy see under insurance
            Policy.

            permanent income see under income.

            per mensem (Latin, by the month) for, or in,
            every month.

            per mille (Latin, by the thousand) for, or in,
            every thousand. Abbr. per mil.

            permission to deal stTK. EXCH. in Britain, for-
            mal permission of the Stock Exchange auth-
            orities for a new issue of shares to be dealt
            in by its members. This permission must be
            applied for within three days of the publication
            of a prospectus, and if the permission is not
            given within three weeks, any allotment of
            shares is void (has no effect) and any money
            received from persons applying for shares must
            be returned.

            permit n. written permission, from a person or
            organization in authority, allowing a named
            person to do something or to go somewhere.
            Syn. licence. Pron. pérmit.
            customs permit a document given by a customs
            officer allowing goods on which import duty
            has been paid to be moved away.
            excise permit a document given by an excise
            officer allowing goods on which excise duty has
            been paid to be moved away.
            export permit see export licence.
            import permit see import licence.
            residential or residence permit official per-
            mission in writing allowing a particular person
            to reside (live permanently) in a place, esp. a
            country.



            work permit official permission given to q for-
            eigner to stay and to work as an employee, usy.
            given for a limited period only.
            perpetual annuity FIN. & STK. EXCH. an annuity
            that is payable for a period of time that has no
            fixed end, such as the annuity paid by the
            British Government in connection with its debt
            to the Bank of England, or the interest op an
            undated government security. Such an annuity
            is not made under an insurance contract.
            perpetual bond see annuity bond under bond,
            ft.
            perpetual debenture see irredeemable deben-
            ture under debenture.
            perpetuity LAw (1) a period of time that has no
            limit, that goes on for ever. (2) a property the
            ownership of which cannot ever be transferred
            by the owner. In many countries such arrange-
            ments are limited by law to the life of the
            present owner(s) and a further 21 years. (3)
            STK. EXCH. & FIN. a perpetual annuity.
            per pro. per procurationem.
            per procurationem (Latin, by procuration)
            (signing) for and with the authority of : Per pro.
            Wood & Co., W. Jones; or Wood & Co., per pro.
            W’. Jones. In both examples W. Jones is signing
            for and with the authority of Wood & Co.
            A person who is formally authorized to Sign
            documents for somebody else, e.g. a firm, is
            said to sign per procurationem: and the person
            or firm giving him this authority accepts
            responsibility for documents so signed. Abbr.
            P.p.; Pp. pro.; per pro.
            perquisite something gained by an employee in
            a particular post over and above his salary or
            wages. Also perk (collog.). See also perking. Cf.
            fringe benefit; bonus. __
            person Law in law, a single human being or a
            corporation (an artificial group of people who
            together are given an imaginary existence as a
            single being) having rights and Owing duties.
            person see separate entry.
            fictitious person see artificial] person.
            legal person see separate entry.
            natural person any single human being, wheth-
            €r man, woman or child.
            personal accident policy see under insurance
            policy.
            personal accounts see accounts, n. pl.
            personal allowance TAXN. in Britain, a stan-
            dard amount of income, which may be changed
            from time to time by the government, on which
            the taxpayer pays no income tax. The amount
            is smaller for an unmarried taxpayer than for
            a married one. Syn. personal relief.
            personal assets see assets (2).
            personal assistant see under assistant. Abbr.
            P.A.

            personal call a long-distance telephone call
            obtained by the operator who, at an extra


                evince -p 404 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &


            charge, connects the caller to a named person
            ot to anybody else.

            and n
            e see under cheque.
            pera ee see under computer.
            Pe eonnl credit see under credit (6). :
            rsonal effects movable goods that are pri-
            S ate property, such as clothes, books, jewellery,
            Snamhents and private papers. Syn. personal
            property.

            Personal Equity Plan TAXN. & STK. EXCH. a
            scheme introduced by the British government
            in 1987 to encourage more members of the
            public to own shares and/or trust units. Persons
            who invest up to a certain value (initially
            £2,400) of securities for about 2 years in a
            P.E.P. scheme pay no income tax on dividend,
            interest or capital growth. Each plan has a
            manager (usu. a bank, insurance company,
            building society or unit trust) who charges
            management and other fees and dealing costs.
            Abbr. P.E.P. |

            personal estate LAW movable property consis-
            ting of money, furniture, and other chattels,
            cattle, shares, ships, leasehold property, etc.
            Syn. personalty; personal property.

            personal identification number BKG. &
            COMP. the number by which an Electronic
            Funds Transfer (E.F.T.) system recognizes a
            certain person whose bank account is to be
            debited with the cost of goods bought in a shop
            etc., the supplier’s bank account being credited
            at the same time. Abbr. PIN.

            personal income see under income.

            personal investment see financial investment
            under investment.

            personality (1) existence as a person, either
            as a natural human being or as an artificial
            corporation. See person. (2) a person’s nature
            as shown by the different qualities that together
            make up his character: He has the right person-
            ality for this difficult post, the right nature and
            qualities. (3) a well-known person: A {tele-
            vision/sporting/theatrical personality.

            personalized cheque see under cheque.

            personal ledger see ledger.

            personal loan see under loan, n.

            personal property see under property.

            personal relief see personal allowance.

            personal representative Law a person ap-
            pointed either as executor or administrator to
            settle the affairs and personal estate of a de-
            ceased person (one who has died). If the
            deceased has made a will, his personal rep-
            resentative will be the executor appointed in
            the will; and there may be several joint execu-
            tors. If the deceased has died without making
            a will, or if after careful search no will has
            been found, the court will appoint one or more
            administrators to deal with the estate. See
            ©xecutor; administrator. Abbr. P.R.

            Personal saving see under Saving.


            petition in bankruptcy - 393

            personal sector ECON. in a mixed economy,
            that part of the economy that is owned and
            Operated by private persons, and private busi-
            nesses of all kinds that are not limited compa-
            nies. Cf. corporate sector; private sector;
            public sector. ,

            personal security FIN. & BKG. a written guaran-
            tee by a person who becomes guarantor or
            surety for the amount of a loan made by a
            lender, such as a bank, to another person. Thus
            a loan made on personal security differs from
            a loan made against deposit of impersonal
            securities such as stock and share certificates
            and title-deeds relating to property. See guaran-
            tee (2); guarantor.

            personal selling see under selling.

            personal share see registered share under share.

            personalty see personal estate.

            personnel MAN. the entire body of persons
            employed by an organisation, as opposed to
            materiel. vt

            personnel management MAN. the organizing
            and training of people at work with the object
            of getting each employee to make the biggest
            possible contribution to the success of the
            organization, and to be happy in his work.

            personnel manager see under manager.
            persuasive advertising see advertising.

            PERT Project Evaluation and Review Tech-
            nique. See critical path analysis.

            perte totale MAR. INSCE. (French) total loss.
            Abbr. P.T.

            PEST MAN. a framework used in analysing the
            business environment, which assumes that the
            four most important areas to examine are the
            Political, Environmental, Social and Techno-
            logical. See environmental scanning.

            Peterloo Massacre ECON. HIST. a popular
            name for an important event in British eco-
            nomic history when, in 1819 soldiers were
            ordered to attack unarmed industrial workers
            meeting in St Peter’s Fields, Manchester to
            demand better living and working conditions.
            Eleven workers were killed and over 500
            injured. The attack shocked public feeling and
            led to social and political reforms, the ending
            of the Corn Laws, and to changes in the system
            of electing members of parliament.

            petit average see petty average.

            petite vitesse TRANSPT. (French, low speed) in
            Europe, by ordinary goods train or slow train
            as distinguished from grande vitesse (G.V.),
            fast goods train. Abbr. P.V.

            petition (1) Law in Britain, a formal request in
            writing (a) to the Crown or to a public official
            for judicial action to set right a wrong or (6)
            for a court order commanding obedience to a

            judicial decision. (2) a humble request, addres-
            sed to somebody in authority, begging for a
            favour.

            petition in bankruptcy see bankruptcy.

            A


                evince -p 405 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &


            394 - petitioning creditor
            : : »e bankruptcy. al t
            ‘tioning creditor see ; vy imgeu-
            Petrocurrency FIN. any ak Tet JIBS “4
            ee ing for supplies © ; ;
            eral use In paying and, since North »

            e U.S. dollar the
            re a the world market 1 the 1970s, th
            eniery oe also petrodolilars; petro-

            pound sterling. 9

            sromotiars FIN. accumulations of U.S. dollars

            rent have been deposited with banks and other
            fnancial concerns in the developed ice
            by members of the Organization of Petro a
            Exporting Countries (OPEC) who, after the
            increase in oil prices in 1973, had very great
            amounts of money that they could not immedi-
            ately spend. See also petrocurrency, petro-
            sterling.

            petroleum tax see pet

            tax. |
            petro-sterling FIN. sterling pounds paid to Brit-

            ain by other countries mainly for supplies of
            North Sea oil. See petrocurrency.

            petties ACCTS. small items of petty cash expenses
            grouped together and entered in the books as
            a single total because they are too small to be
            worth entering separately.

            Petty Sir William (1623-87), English statistician
            and economist, Member of Parliament, a foun-
            der of the Royal Society, and regarded by some
            as the founder of political economy because he
            introduced method and ‘political arithmetick’
            into the study of money, foreign exchanges,
            taxation and employment. His writings, esp.
            Treatise of Taxes and Contributions (1662),
            Essays in Political Arithmetick (1672) and Quan-
            tulamcunque, a Treatise Concerning Money \ed
            the way to the classical economics of the eight-
            eenth and nineteenth centuries.

            petty average SHIPG. charges and expenses
            paid by the master during the voyage of a
            ship, such as pilotage, port charges. Also petit
            average. Cf. general average; particular aver-
            age.

            petty cash accts. a sum of money kept in the
            office of a business, usu. in a Strong cash box
            or petty cash box, from which are paid those
            small expenses that cannot be settled by che-
            que. A petty cash account is kept, usu. by a
            junior cashier called a petty cashier, in a petty
            cash book. See imprest system. Abbr. P/C.

            Philadelphia Stock Exchange STK. EXCH. one
            of the most important in the U.S.A. it also
            serves Baltimore and Washington dealing i
            common stocks and some options 1 Abbr. P E

            : a not P.S.E.) } ee
            HIPS Curve ECON. THEOR |
            by British economist A. W_. Panic nine,
            fle roe On statistics ovis the ons
            “i ‘inoue ane that in Britain there
            wage-rates and che nn Changes in money
            unemployed workers Mon cit

            “y Wages change less

            ea oll

            roleum revenue tax under


            when unemployment is high than when it is

            low.
            | . See also freephone
            ne (colloq.) telephone. « :
            hone Ue (collog.) a public telephone box. Se,

            call-box. |
            photocopier a machine that makes photoco.

            pies. 1 |
            photocopy ". 4 photographic copy of a letter,
            drawing, etc. si
            photolitho offset sec lithography.
            phut CoM. (collog.) To go phut, to collapse; to
            become insolvent. Of a person, to go bankrupt;
            of a company, to go into liquidation.
            physical depreciation sec depreciation. —
            physical deterioration see under deterio-
            ration.
            physical distribution management the
            transporting of goods from the point of pro-
            duction to the point of sale. Syn. physical
            distribution. Abbr. P.D.M.
            physical geography the study of the natural
            shape and qualities of the earth’s surface and
            surrounding atmosphere. Syn. physiography.
            physical inventory see physical stocktaking
            under stocktaking.
            physical stocktaking see under stocktaking.
            Physiocrats ECON. HIST. a group of eighteenth-
            century French economists led by Quesnay,
            who considered that wealth came only from
            land and that economic activity should be kept
            entirely free from government control. Syn. les
            économistes.
            physiography see physical geography.
            p.i. professional indemnity (policy).
            pica a form and size of type used on some
            typewriters, having ten letters or spaces to one
            Ber saises being 12 points (0.167 in.)
            picket IND. REL. in an industrial dispute, a group
            of employees (sometimes with hired supporters
            and organized by a trade union) who gather at
            the entrance to a factory, shop or office-build-
            ing to persuade other employees not to do any
            ne: wenien not to deliver any materials
            customers not
            finished product Si buy or take away any
            ge S. By this action, called picket-
            §, te employees, Called picketers, who form

            the picket line, hope to force the management

            Britain. Syn. strike-p;
            picking co 7 is _— Picket.
            known also as g
            gether all the thi
            fore they are
            Customer. Pickj
            ing-list or from
            Pickpocket at

            - IN a warehouse, the process,
            rder-picking, of collectin g to-
            ngs that are listed in an order
            Packed and dispatched to the
            Ng 1s usually done from a pick-
            a Copy of the invoice.

            hief who steals from people’s


                evince -p 406 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            kets and handbags, usu. in places where
            8.

            =——— oe (1) to find by chance

            Nae heaply: J picked this book
            and buy, usu. very cheaply: / picke +o 000

            heaply in a junk shop. (2) to earn or obtain

            up ¢ ;
            with difficulty: He picks up a modest living
            selling waste paper. Please try to pick up some
            orders during your travels. @) STK. EXCH. of
            stock and share prices, to rise again: After an
            early fall, industrials picked up rapidly before the
            close. (4) to buy as many as possible of a
            particular security to force the market price to
            rise. (5) TRANSPT. to take passengers or goods
            into or on to a vehicle and to carry them: A
            taxi picked him up at the corner. Opp. to set
            down. (6) (collog.) to find by chance a means
            of transport: J picked up a passing taxi.

            pico- the prefix used in the metric system of
            S.I. units to mean one million millionth (10-12):
            | farad = 1,000,000,000,000 picofarads.

            pictogram (1) MAN. a diagram in which rep-
            resentations are shown by arranging various
            pictures of things such as men, animals, trees,
            boxes or factory chimneys in groups, (2) MAN.
            & TOUR. also used to indicate the services avail-
            able in a locality using symbols, e.g. for car
            parking, information, toilets, etc.

            pidgin a language with little grammar and few
            words, based on European languages, esp.
            English, French or German, and used between
            peoples who have no common language. It is
            not the mother tongue of any group, but is
            useful as a limited means of expression. Pidgin
            English has been made one of the official lan-
            guages of the Solomon Islands and Papua New
            Guinea, and various forms of it are much used
            throughout the Far East and south-east Asia.

            piece (1) FIN. a coin, usu. of stated value: A
            fivepenny/tenpenny piece. (2) COM. & IND. one
            single article, not a pair or a dozen or a gross:
            Our stock of this article is 50 pieces. Please supply
            18 pieces by return post. Abbr. pc.; pce. Pl. pcs.
            by the piece (a) (supplied or sold) as single
            articles, see piece-goods. (5) a single job of
            work, see piece-work.

            piece-goods (1) textile goods, esp. silk, linen
            or cotton cloth, made and sold in standard
            lengths (pieces) that are convenient, e.g. for
            making clothes, as opposed to cloth supplied
            in bolts (rolls) containing many metres. (2) in
            U.S.A., pieces of cloth of any length desired
            by the customer and cut from the bolt. Syn.
            yard-goods.

            piece market com. the market, esp. overseas,
            for piece-goods.

            piece rates see piece-work.

            plece-work IND. a method of paying a worker
            wages based on the results of his work, i.e.
            according to the number of articles or pieces
            produced in a given time by him or by a group

            pilferage - 395

            of workers of which he is a member. Cf. time-
            work. Syn. piece rates.

            pie chart or diagram see under chart.

            pier SHIPG. & TOUR. a long wall, road or other
            structure built out into the water from the shore
            to serve (a) as a landing-place for ships and
            boats ; (b) as a breakwater enclosing a harbour;
            (c) as a place of amusement at a seaside town.
            Syn. jetty.

            pierage SHIPG. charges that have to be paid by
            shipowners for the use of a pier. Syn. pier dues.

            pier dues see pierage.

            pigeon-hole n. a small division of a large box,
            each division being marked by a letter of the
            alphabet and formerly much used for storing
            letters and other papers. See also docket.

            v. to put a proposal, a plan, on one side; to
            delay taking action in the hope, or with the
            intention, that action need never be taken: The
            board have pigeon-holed our scheme for rebuilding
            the factory/having a workers’ canteen.
            piggyback service TRANSPT. a modern system
            that reduces the cost of handling goods and
            uses the advantages of both road and rail trans-
            port. A trailer loaded with goods at the starting
            point, e.g. a factory or warehouse, is driven by
            road to a railway station and put on an open
            rail wagon to travel the longest part of the
            journey; the trailer is then put back on the
            road and driven to the place where the goods
            have to be delivered. Syn. rail-trailer service.

            Pigou Arthur Cecil (1877-1959), English econ-
            omist. He followed the great Alfred Marshall
            as Professor of Political Economy at Cam-
            bridge and led the Cambridge economists in
            carrying forward Marshall’s work. He was par-
            ticularly concerned with welfare economics,
            and his writings, of which the most important
            is The Economics of Welfare (1920), dealt with
            national income and output, and with employ-
            ment, regarding which his views were much
            criticized by Keynes. See Cambridge School:
            Pigou effect.

            Pigou effect ECON. THEORY a concept (idea) put
            forward by A.C. Pigou in 1944 about the effect
            on the real value of wealth made by changes
            in the price-level. He argued that if wages and
            prices are left free from control by government,
            there will in the long run always be a return
            to full employment; falling prices will cause
            increased consumption, money Savings will
            then be used for increased spending, and the
            resulting check to falling prices will move the
            economy towards full employment. Keynes
            strongly opposed Pigou’s views on this subject.

            P.1.K. payment in kind.

            pilfer TRANSPT. to steal small things of little
            value, esp. from broken packages of goods, in
            a warehouse or while being transported from
            one place to another.

            pilferage INscE. loss caused by stealing goods


                evince -p 407 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &


            396 - pillage

            being transported from seller to buyer, esp.
            when packages break open. Syn. petty theft in
            transit.
            pillage originally, to rob violently of money
            and valuable things in time of war, but also,
            figuratively, (a) to obtain valuable things by
            cheating and to keep them illegally, (5) to
            charge excessively high prices.
            pilot (1) SHIPG. a guide, esp. an officer qualified
            and authorized to bring ships through difficult
            or dangerous waters: A sea/river{/harbour pilot.
            (2) TRANSPT. an officer qualified to take the
            controls of an aircraft.
            v. ADVTG. to test a marketing tool, e.g. an
            advertisement or a market research question-
            naire, before it is put to full use.
            pilotage sHIPG. the charge made for the services
            of a pilot. Syn. pilot dues.
            pilot scheme IND. a small trial business or
            manufacturing activity made to get experience
            before investing in a larger scheme.
            P.1.M.S. Profit Impact of Market Strategy.
            Pin see cask.
            PIN personal identification number.
            pinch v. (colloq.) (1) to steal. (2) to be short of
            money or some other necessary thing: J am
            rather pinched (for money) now, but I shall pay
            you next month. We are too pinched for time to
            be sure of catching that train. (3) to catch, to
            arrest somebody, or to be caught or arrested
            The police pinched the thief. Be careful you don’t
            get pinched.
            n. a difficult situation: To feel the pinch, to be
            short of money. At a pinch, in an emergency,
            if absolutely necessary.
            pinchpenny see penny-pincher.
            pin-money see under money.
            pint a measure of volume used for both liquid
            and non-liquid substances, one-eighth of a gal-
            lon. See corn and dry measure; liquid measure.
            Abbr. p.; pt.
            pioneer (1) a person who is one of the first to
            settle in a new country. (2) a person who is
            ahead of others in scientific research or some
            new activity. See, e.g., Rochdale pioneers.
            pipe a large barrel used in the wine trade, and
            varying in volume. The common English pipe
            holds about 185 U.K. gal. (841 1); smaller pipes
            from 92 to 126 gal. (418 to 573 1). See cask.
            Syn. butt.
            piracy (1) LAW & SHIPG. robbery at sea. (2)
            LAW infringement of copyrights, called literary
            piracy.
            pirate n. (1) LAW & SHIPG. a person, esp. one of
            a group who attack and rob a ship. (2) a person
            who infringes copyright, called a literary pirate.
            v. to publish and sell copyright material such
            as a book or artistic work without the per-
            mission of the owner of the copyright.
            pit (1) IND. a hole in the ground, but esp. a coal-
            mine. (2) STK. & COMMOD. EXCH. in U.S.A., an

            area of the floor of the exchange building where
            a particular commodity or kind of sec
            dealt in.

            pitch (1) com. a place in a street or marke
            a trader regularly places his stall or
            pediar carries on his business. (2) ADVTG. a
            sales presentation made by an advertising

            agency to try to secure the account of an adver-
            tiser.

            Pitman Sir Isaac (1813-97), inventor in |
            a system of shorthand based entirely
            sounds of speech.

            pittance a very small amount of money or food,
            esp. when referring to a wage or allowance:
            She works for a pittance because she cannot find
            a better job.

            pix ADVTG. (collog.) pictures, esp. those used in,
            advertisements, and advertising material of
            any kind.

            pixel Comp. the smallest unit of a picture on the
            screen of a computer. Syn. pel. (From pix (=
            picture) + el (= element).)

            pk. pack; package; park; peck.

            pkg. packing; package.

            pkge. package.

            pl. place; pole (measure).

            P/L, P.L. partial loss; product liability.

            PL/1 Programming Language 1.

            P.L.A. Port of London Authority.

            p.l.a. passengers’ luggage in advance.

            placement STK. EXCH. new shares allotted direct
            to a person or organization who is not already
            a shareholder. Syn. placing.

            placing INSCE. (1) the act of making an insurance
            contract with an insurer or reinsurer. (2) the
            resulting insurance itself. (3) STK. EXCH. a
            way of issuing shares in a private company
            that is about to become a public company,
            by which the broker or issuing-house handling
            the issue places the shares with the public, i.e.
            sets out to find from among his or their clients
            a small number of wealthy persons or organi-
            zations such as_ institutional investors
            (insurance companies, pension funds. etc.) who
            are willing to buy large numbers of the new
            shares. Cf. introduction. Syn. (mainly U.S.A.)
            placement.

            vendor placing a deal in which a company

            promises to issue new shares to an outside

            investor at an agreed price in return for cash
            paid in advance, usu. to enable the company
            to buy a big asset.

            plagiarism imitating or copying somebody
            else’s ideas or writings and pretending they are
            one’s own.

            plaint Law (1) the cause of a plaintiff's complaint
            against the defendant. (2) in a lawsuit, a detai-
            led statement made to the court by the plaintiff,
            giving the cause of his complaint, and request-
            ing a remedy for the wrong done by the defend-
            ant. Cf. plea.

            urity js

            t where
            where a

            837 of
            On the


                evince -p 408 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            ati w a person who brings an action
            eee manent ie a court of law. Cf. defen-
            dant. Abbr. pif. ; piff. ; pltf. :
            plane TRANSPT. an aeroplane. See aircraft; air-
            ood economy see command economy.
            planned obsolescence see under obsolescence
            planned unit development in U.S.A., a large
            condominium consisting of flats (apartments)
            and houses grouped together having common
            areas and services and governed by an associ-
            ation of all the owners. Abbr. P.U.D.
            planning the preparation of plans for future
            action and the control of the organizations
            responsible for carrying out these plans.
            corporate planning MAN. the formulation of a
            plan which decides which markets a business
            should be in, which products it should be offer-
            ing, what investments it should be making, .
            and what returns it should aim for on those
            investments. Corporate planning grew out of
            the growth of budgeting after the Second
            World War, and by the 1970s most multi-
            national corporations had large centralized cor-
            porate planning departments. The phrase usu.
            refers to the quantitative, analytical aspects of
            strategic management, and has thus gone out
            of fashion (as have planning departments) in
            the 1980s when other aspects such as corporate
            culture, quality and implementation of strategy
            have gained attention. Syn. strategic planning.
            economic planning ECON. & IND. the direction
            and control of the economy by the government
            of a country according to a national economic
            plan. Syn. state planning.
            strategic planning MAN. a special form of cor-
            porate planning (see above) that aims at
            improving the company’s future resources in
            order to make it more profitable than at pre-
            sent.
            planning permission LAW & IND. in Britain,
            permission that must be obtained from a local
            government authority to build on land or other-
            wise develop it, e.g. by changing the use to
            which it 1s put.
            plant IND. (1) any apparatus needed by an indus-
            trial business to carry on its trade, i.e. machin-
            ery, tools, special buildings: A water-filtering
            plant, a central-heating plant. (2) a complete
            system of buildings, machinery and apparatus
            for a particular production process: A chemical
            plant. Syn. installation.
            plantation aGr. (1) woodland or forest planted
            by Man. (2) a farm, usu. large, in a tropical
            country, and employing many workers, on
            which coffee, tea, sugar, cotton, tobacco, rub-
            ber and some other crops are grown.
            Plantation House COMMOD. EXCH. a popular
            name for the London Commodity Exchange,
            which is partly in a building of this name in
            Mincing Lane, in the City of London.

            pledge - 397

            plantations sTK. EXCH. the stocks and shares of
            companies owning and operating plantations
            of coffee, tea, rubber, tobacco, etc.

            planter AGR. a person owning or managing a
            plantation.

            plant factor see capacity (1).
            plant utilization IND. the time during which
            plant is in actual use for production, compared
            with the time it could be, but is not being,
            used. Cf. downtime. See capacity factor under
            capacity.
            plastic card (colloqg.) a credit card.
            plastic credit see under credit.
            plastic money see under money.
            platen in a typewriter and some other office
            machines, the roller which receives and holds
            the paper while it is being typed or printed
            upon. Syn. paper-cylinder.
            platform (1) a part of a floor that has been
            raised higher than the rest of the floor, as in a
            hall or theatre, for the use of speakers or actors.
            (2) TRANSPT. in a railway station, a raised area
            between or along the tracks for use by persons
            entering or leaving trains.
            platform ticket see under ticket.
            player FIN. & COMMOD. EXCH. a person who
            gambles, esp. in securities or commodities.
            playing the market(s) sTK. EXCH. buying and
            selling securities with the aim of making a
            quick capital profit without regard to the long-
            term possibilities of gain, or to investment
            income. Syn. speculating.
            P.L.C. product life cycle.
            P.L.C., p.I.c. PLC, pic (Britain) public limited
            company.
            plea LAw (1) in a criminal case, a statement by
            the accused person saying that he is guilty or
            not guilty of the offence with which he is
            charged; or that he claims that the court has
            no jurisdiction (legal power) to try him; or that
            he has already been tried for the same offence
            and found not guilty. (2) in a civil action,
            formerly the document containing the defend-
            ant’s reply to the plaint; but in Britain this has
            now been replaced by a document called a
            statement of defence.
            plead Law to make a plea; to answer a charge
            or accusation in court: To plead guilty/not
            guilty. He is unable to plead because of insanity.
            He refused to plead.
            pleader Law (1) an advocate. (2) a lawyer who
            prepares pleadings.
            pleadings Law in a lawsuit, statements by plain-
            tiff and defendant giving only the material
            facts in the case; pleadings must not state the
            law, or the evidence that will be used to prove
            the facts.
            pledge n. LAW & FIN. any article delivered by a
            borrower (the pledgor or pledger) to a lender
            (the pledgee) as security for a debt. The owner-
            ship remains with the borrower, but the lender



                evince -p 409 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            |



            398 - pledgee

            has possession, uSU. until the debt is repaid.
            See pawnbroker; pawnee. Syn. pawn. b
            a pledge any thing held as security for a de .
            py. (1) deliver as security for a debt: He pledge
            his gold watch for £20. (2) to give a solemn
            promise: / am pledged to secrecy. He pledged
            his honour/word.
            to pledge someone’s credit to contract a debt
            payable by another person, ¢.8. 4 wife usu. has
            the right to pledge her husband's credit, i.e. to
            buy necessary goods which he will pay for later.
            pledgee LAW a person who accepts personal
            property as security for a loan of money. Cf.
            pledgor. Syn. pawnee.
            pledger see pledgor.
            pledgor Law a person who deposits personal
            property as a pledge, i.e. as security for a loan
            of money from a pledgee or pawnee. Also
            pledger. Syn. pawnee; pawnor.
            plif., piff. plaintiff.
            Plimsoll line/mark see load-line.
            plot 7. a small area of land, usu. clearly marked
            by posts or fences to separate it from other
            land nearby: A building plot, one suitable for
            building houses, etc. A vacant plot, one that is
            empty, that has no buildings on it. Cf. parcel.
            v. to mark information on a map.
            plough back FIN. to use some of the profit of a
            business to buy useful assets or to finance the
            expansion of the business, instead of paying
            the profit to the owners or shareholders. Syn.
            self-finance; (U.S.A.) plow back.
            pitf. plaintiff.
            plummet sTK. EXCH. of prices, to fall suddenly
            and very steeply: Industrials plummeted on news
            of the transport strike. Syn. plunge.
            plunder v. to rob on a very wide scale, such as
            by an army in a captured country, or by a
            group of thieves stealing from wrecked ships.
            n. the things taken in plundering; any object
            taken by theft or deception.
            plunge v. STK. EXCH. (1) to buy and sell large
            quantities of securities without proper thought
            for the effect on market prices. To speculate
            recklessly. (2) of prices, to fall very suddenly
            and steeply. Syn. plummet.
            plus (1) added to; increased by: 5 plus 3 equals
            8, written 5 + 3 = 8 in mathematics. Opp.
            minus. (2) the plus sign: +. Opp. the minus
            sign: —.
            plutocracy government of a country by persons
            belonging to the wealthy class or having the
            power of wealth. Such persons are called pluto-
            crats.
            pluvius insurance INSCE. a policy of insurance
            against loss of income caused by rain, storm
            or other bad weather conditions.
            ply (1) CoM. to practise a trade or craft: He plie:
            the trade of grocer, he carries on business as 2
            grocer. (2) TRANSPT. to make regular journey:
            between one place and another: A ship plying

            a w= ected =a

            between Beirut and Alexandria. A bus plying
            between Delhi and Agra. (3) To ply for hire, to
            wait or look for persons in the streets who will
            hire one’s vehicle, such as one’s taxi.

            pm., Pm. premium.

            p.m. post meridiem.

            P.M.B.X. private manual branch exchange.

            p.m.h. per man hour.

            P/N, P.N. promissory note.

            P.O. post office; postal order.

            poach MAN. (1) to obtain something, esp. the
            services of a worker, by unfair or illegal means,
            such as hiring away (U.S.A.) or enticement.
            These analysts were poached from XYZ Ltd.,
            tempted away at much higher salaries. (2) to
            trespass for the purpose of stealing or taking
            away unfairly. The village boys are poaching fish
            from a private river. Your salesmen are poaching
            on our market/territory.

            P.O.B., P.O. Box post office box.

            p.o.c. port of call.

            pocket 7. (1) a bag in a garment, used for
            carrying small personal things and money. A
            coat/trouser pocket. (2) an envelope with the
            opening on the shorter side. (3) (U.S.A.) a
            woman’s handbag or purse. (4) money, esp. in
            relation to gaining or losing or spending: To
            be in pocket, to have gained a profit or surplus
            after a deal. To be out of pocket, to have made
            a loss, to be poorer, after a deal. Jo put one’s
            hand in one’s pocket, to pay out, give, spend
            money. Out-of-pocket expenses, see under
            expenses.
            v. to put into one’s pocket, to gain: To pocket
            a sum of money, to put it in one’s pocket; to
            take possession of it.

            pocket-book see note-case.

            pocket-calculator an electronic calculating

            machine small enough to fit into a pocket and
            to be carried everywhere.

            pocket-money see under money.

            P.O.D. pay(ment) on delivery.

            point (1) BKG. & FIN. usu., one hundredth of a
            cent, but in the foreign-exchange market, the
            fourth and last number after the decimal point
            of a rate of exchange calculated in US. dollars:
            The pound gained four points against the dollar,
            moving from 1.9886 to 1.9890. Abbr. pt., Pt. (2)
            STK. EXCH. the sum of money that is agreed by
            members as the smallest unit used in stating
            the price of a stock or share. In London, the
            smallest unit, or point, for stocks is 1/64 of a
            pound, or about 14p. For shares, the smallest
            unit, or point, is a fraction of a penny, e.g. 4p
            if the price is below £10; and a fraction of a
            pound, e.g. £1/8 if the price is £10 or over. In
            U.S.A. for stocks it is $1 per share, and for
            bonds $10 per unit of $1000 face value. (3) a
            measuring unit for type bodies in printing, usu.
            1/72 inch; thus 12 point type is 12 x 1/72 or
            one sixth of an inch in height.


                evince -p 410 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            int, gold see gold point.
            Sane a order an urgent matter, brought to the

            attention of the chairman by a person present
            at a meeting, concerning a possible breach of
            the rules under which the meeting Is being
            held, such as the lack of a quorum (minimum
            number). Such matters may be raised at any
            time during a discussion, 1.e. without notice;
            and the chairman must decide immediately
            whether they have any force. See out of order
            (2); order of business.
            point of sale COM. & ADVTG. the place where
            the consumer actually buys an article or com-
            modity, usu. a shop, but it may be a mail-order
            house, market stall or, in the case of door-to-
            door selling, his own doorstep. See also point-
            of-sale advertising under advertising. Abbr.
            P.O.S.
            point system (of wage-payments) see Bedaux
            system.
            poison pill FIN. & STK. EXCH. (collog. mainly
            U.S.A.) a form of action taken by the directors
            of a company to defend their position when
            expecting a takeover battle. The directors are
            given power, e.g. to issue special warrants
            which shareholders can use if someone gets
            possession of 20% or more of the company’s
            shares and which also give the shareholders
            the right to buy (a) their company’s shares at
            three or more times the current market price
            and (b) the opposing company’s shares at only.
            half their market price. The result 1s that, for
            a merger to take place, the opposing company
            must honour the terms of the special warrants,
            which it can do only at far too great a cost.
            pole see perch. Abbr. pl.
            police court see magistrate’s courts.
            policy a general course of action, planned and
            determined in advance by the top manage-
            ment, and adopted as a guiding rule for all
            concerned in controlling the activities of a
            business or other organization: Our policy is to
            overcome competition and to double our share of
            the market in the next five years. We must adopt
            a more cautious policy towards bad debts by
            introducing stricter credit control.
            incomes policy ECON. planned action by a
            government to hold down inflation by control-
            ling prices and wages.
            policy holder INscE. usu. the person named in
            an insurance policy as being the insured per-
            son, but sometimes the person who pays the
            premiums and possesses the right to claim
            under the policy.
            policy of insurance see insurance policy.
            political economy ECON. the branch of the
            social sciences from which the subject of eco-
            nomics was developed in the twentieth century.
            An old-fashioned synonym for economics.
            political risk analysis MAN. an analysis of the —
            risks facing an organization from governments,

            pork-barrel - 399

            e.g. the risk of nationalization of key industries
            if a new government comes to power.

            poll at a meeting of the members (shareholders)
            of a company, a method of voting which takes
            account of each share owned by each voting
            member and whether the vote is given for or

            against the motion or resolution. Cf. show of
            hands.

            poll tax see capitation tax under tax.

            Polski Rejestr sHiIPpG. the Polish organization
            for surveying and classifying ships. See clas-
            sification societies.

            Pommie (collog.) in Australia and New Zealand,
            an Englishman. Also Pommy; Pom.

            pontoon SHIPG. & TRANSPT. a floating structure
            used either as a landing-place by ships and
            boats, or as one of the supports for a floating
            bridge, called a pontoon bridge.

            pony (collog.) twenty-five pounds (£25).

            pool (1) sHIPG. a place in a river where the water
            is deep: The Pool of London, the part of the
            River Thames below London Bridge but above
            Tower Bridge. (2) COM. & IND. an association
            of producers, and sometimes importers, who
            agree to share between them the output needed
            to meet the market demand at a certain fixed
            price. The money received from sales is paid
            into a common fund and then paid out to the
            members in agreed proportions. (3) MAN. in
            large offices, a number of typists working to-
            gether to give a central secretarial service to all
            those employees who need it. Also typing pool.
            (4) FIN. the main reserve fund (accumulation
            of money) of the International Monetary Fund,
            into which are paid the contributions of mem-
            ber countries, in return for which they receive
            drawing rights.

            v. to combine several things or groups of things
            to form one bigger group: Jnvestors pooled their
            assets to buy a controlling block of shares. Costs
            can be saved by pooling the cars of several firms.

            pooled investments see under investment.

            pooling of interests ACCTs. a method of mer-
            ger accounting, originating in the U.S.A., used
            esp. where the merger is effected mainly by
            shares rather than cash.

            poop SHIPG. a deck above the main deck at the
            stern end of a ship. Also poop deck.

            Poor Laws ECON. HIST. in British history from
            1601, a series of laws that provided for relief
            to be given at public expense to the poor or
            homeless. Originally the cost fell upon the
            parish but later it became a charge on national
            funds. See supplementary benefits.

            pop. population.

            pop (collog.) to pawn.

            population census see census.

            population, working see working population.

            p.o.r. port of refuge.

            pork-barrel (U.S.A. collog.) public money spent
            for political purposes, usu. in order to influence



                evince -p 411 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            400 - port

            a group of persons to vote for the gov

            party, e.g. before an election. on
            port (1) a town with a harbour where ships can

            shelter and where there are arrangements for
            loading and unloading. Abbr. pt.; Pt. See also
            harbour. | inka |
            autonomous port a port that Is controlled by an
            ization usu. called a

            independent public organi
            port trust, e.g. the Calcutta Port Trust, or a port

            authority, e.g. the Port of London Authority.
            barge port a port where ships cannot tie up to
            a wharf so have to use barges or other small
            craft for loading and unloading. A/so barging
            port. Syn. cartage port; craft port, overside
            port; surf port.

            container port see under container.

            craft port see barge port above.

            discharge port see lading.

            domestic port a port that serves a large and
            thickly-populated area behind it, called its hin-
            terland, handling goods brought into or sent
            out of this area. Cf. entrepdt port.

            entrepét port see entrepot.

            estuarine port see separate entry.

            free port a port that allows imported goods free
            of customs duty if they are to be re-exported.
            In the port and in the area around it, called a
            free zone, importers, exporters and manufactur-
            ers have the special advantage of free entry for
            goods that will soon be exported, i.e. entrepot
            trade. Examples are: Bremen, Bremerhaven,
            Copenhagen, Gdansk, Hamburg, New York
            City, Rotterdam, Salina City, Shannon, Singa-
            pore, Stockholm. Also free-port. Syn. free trade
            zone; foreign trade zone.

            home port see registry, port of.

            inland port a port that is far from, but usu.
            connected with, the sea by a large river or
            canal, such as Manchester. Many inland ports
            serve a system of inland waterways.

            lading port see under lading.

            outport see separate entry.

            overside port see barge port above.

            packet port see separate entry.

            quay port one where goods are unloaded from
            the ship on to a quay.

            safe port one in which a ship is safe from the
            dangers of the sea and from political inter-
            ference.

            seaport usu. a large port on or near the sea,
            and able to accept large ocean-going ships,
            with arrangements for loading and unloading
            all types of goods and, in many cases, passen-
            gers.

            surf port see barge port above.

            treaty port one of many ports in the Far East,
            esp. in China and Japan, that were by treaty
            (formal agreement between two countries)
            opened from 1842 to traders of western coun-
            tries such as Britain, France, Germany and the
            U.S.A. Although Japan ended the arrangement

            ernment

            in 1899, most of the treaty ports in the other
            countries continued until the Second World
            War. Canton and Shanghai are examples of
            treaty ports that became very large industrial
            and commercial cities.
            (2) the left-hand side of a ship when facing
            forward. Syn. larboard. Opp. starboard. (3)
            COMP. a part of a central processor where data
            can be input or output. ) |
            portable that can easily be carried: A portable
            typewriter, one in a case with a handle so that
            it can easily and safely be carried on journeys,
            portable pension see under pension. |
            portability MAN. & INSCE. (of employee pension
            plans) the state of being able to be easily moved
            from the superannuation fund of one employer
            to that of another if the employee moves from
            one job to another.
            portage TRANSPT. a place where goods, and
            sometimes small river-boats, are carried over
            the land from one river to another.
            port area the area of land controlled by a port
            authority.
            port authority see autonomous port under port.
            port bill of lading see under bill of lading.
            port charges SsHIPG. charges that have to be
            paid to a port authority by owners of ships
            using the port. Syn. port dues.
            port dues see port charges.
            porter (1) TRANSPT. a person who, for hire,
            carries goods such as parcels or baggage in a
            railway station, etc. (2) TOUR. in a hotel, an
            employee, often called a hall porter, who serves
            as doorkeeper and also performs various ser-
            vices, such as attending to guests’ letters, news-
            papers and messages, and calling taxis. Many
            hotels also employ a night porter who is present
            all night, a /uggage or baggage porter and an
            outside porter, who carries baggage to or from
            the railway station or airline office. (3) SHIPG.
            see master porter.
            porterage TRANSPT. the cost of hiring porters to
            carry goods by hand or by hand-cart.
            portfolio (1) a large flat case or cover for carry-
            ing or storing large documents, drawings,
            photographs, etc. (2) sTK. EXCH. the entire
            collection of investments belonging to an inves-
            tor ogheld by a financial organization such as
            a bank, pension fund or investment trust.
            portfolio management MAN. an approach to
            corporate planning which assumes that large
            organizations have a range of quite different
            business units or products, and that each
            requires separate treatment. Therefore an
            approach is taken similar to the management
            of a portfolio of investments on a stock ex-
            change: an assessment is made of the competi-
            tive position of each business or product, and
            an appropriate strategy is then prepared, which
            may take the form of investing further, harves-


                evince -p 412 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            ting profits, etc. See also growth/share matrix ;

            tegic business unit. |
            vtmanteal TRANSPT. a traveller’s box or bag

            ing clothes. Syn. trunk. |
            oe o¢ call SHIPC. a port where ships regularly

            stop to get fuel, stores and repairs, and possibly
            also to load and unload cargo and passengers.
            Abbr. p.0.¢.

            Port of London Authority (P.L.A.) SHIPG. &
            TRANSPT. the public organization responsible
            for owning and managing the port of London,
            one of the largest in the world. It controls all the
            larger docks and warehouses from Teddington,
            the upper limit of tidal water, down the River
            Thames to Tilbury, the deep-water dock system
            near the river-mouth.

            port of refuge SHIPG. a port that is not a ship’s
            regular port of call but in which the vessel has
            taken shelter. Abbr. p.o.r.

            port of registry see under registry.
            port payé see carriage paid under carriage.
            port trust see autonomous port under port.
            P.O.S. point of sale.
            position STK. & COMMOD. EXCH. (1) an act for
            which a person is responsible, something he
            must do to avoid loss, punishment or dis-
            honour. (2) STK. EXCH. see bull position. To
            form a position the action of a dealer, e.g. in
            foreign currencies, in deciding generally how
            he will run his business during the day, having
            first considered all the factors influencing the
            market.
            positioning ADVTG. & MAN. actions designed
            to give a product a certain image in the eyes of
            the market, e.g. long-lasting and economical,
            or expensive and commanding respect. Pos-
            itioning is usu. achieved by managing the four
            elements of the marketing mix: product, price,
            place and promotion.
            positive covenant see covenant.
            positive easement see easement.
            possession (1) any material object that is pos-

            sessed: My house/watch/motor car is my most
            precious possession, the most valuable thing that
            I own.
            possessions p/. property; wealth: Jn her will, she
            left all her possessions to her son.
            (2) the act or state of possessing, of holding,
            using and controlling: He got possession of the
            company by buying all the shares. To take pos-
            session of a home, to move into, to occupy it as
            owner or tenant. The deeds are in my possession,
            I hold them in my control. (3) LAW the state of
            having the right to use and enjoy a thing such
            as a house, whether by right of ownership or
            not. Possession is nine-tenths (or nine points) of
            the law, the law tends to regard the person in
            possession as the owner unless somebody else
            has a better claim to ownership.

            constructive possession possession to which one

            has a clear legal right, as opposed to actual

            postal order - 401

            possession not supported by proof of such a
            right.
            immediate possession (a) possession reserved
            for oneself. (6) of a house for sale, ready for
            immediate occupation.
            incorporeal possession possession of a legal
            right, such as a patent or copyright, not of a
            material object such as a house or a motor car. |
            mediate possession possession held and reserved
            for somebody other than oneself.
            vacant possession of a house for sale, ready for
            occupation now or by a date to be agreed.
            possessory lien see under lien.
            post 7n. (1) MAN. a position of employment; a
            job: He has been appointed to the post of sales
            manager. He is looking for a new post with better
            pay. (2) COM. a small trading centre. usu. in 4
            place that is far from other commercial centres
            and is in a foreign land: A trading post. (3) a
            service run by, or under the control of, the
            government, for carrying letters, packets and
            parcels, and, in some countries, for telephone,
            telegraph and other public services. See Post
            Office. Syn. mail.
            letter post see first-class mail, second-class mail
            under mail.
            parcel post a postal service that carries and
            delivers parcels of limited size and weight.
            Abbr. P.P. A C.F. parcel is one on which a
            compensation fee has been paid; if the contents
            are lost or damaged, the Post Office will pay
            compensation to the sender up to the market
            value of the article if lost, or the loss of value
            if damaged.
            registered post see separate entry.
            v. (1) ADVTG. to put up (a poster, bill, notice
            on a hoarding, bill-board, etc.); to make known
            to the public. Also to post up. (2) ACCTS. in
            book-keeping (a) to record in the ledgers the
            entries made in the books of prime entry; (5)
            to set off, transfer, an entry from one account to
            another. (3) to send through the postal service,
            either by putting letters, etc. into a post-box or
            pillar-box or by handing letters, packets or
            parcels into a post office. Syn. (U.S.A.) to mail.
            (4) to station an employee at a place: He
            was posted to Bombay. (5) STK. EXCH. to make
            known to the public, esp. news about profit or |
            loss: Standard Oil jumped higher after posting
            sharply increased earnings, the price of these
            shares suddenly rose after the company had
            announced (made known) that it had made
            much higher profits.
            postage book see post book.
            postage stamp see under stamp.
            postal clerk MAN. an office employee working
            in a post room.
            postal franking machine see franking
            machine.
            Postal Giro see National Giro under Giro.
            postal order FIN. a method of making small



                evince -p 413 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            402 - post book
            ‘ ain
            payments by Post. Ee bees een Boa
            — ain eg The pores the order may
            offices in Britain. by adding
            | be increased to some small extent by ystal
            | postage stamps. The anor as see ee 7
            order, paying @ smal exits for it at almost
            the payee, who can obtain cash for ita
            ‘1 Britain and certain other
            any post office in : d like a
            countries, unless the order is crosse .
            cheque, when it will be paid only sae al
            bank. A postal order 1s not negotiable. Addr.
            _ Cf. money order.
            sont tek vice an account book in which a
            record is kept of postage paid on letters, pack-
            ets, parcels, etc. Syn. postage book.
            postcode a code consisting of numbers or let-
            ters, or both, written after the address on a
            letter or postal packet to make possible rapid
            machine sorting at each stage of the journey.
            In Britain the postcode consists of letters and
            numbers, e.g. SG10 6BP, and states enough of
            the address to get the packets through to the
            delivery postman himself; he then has only
            to put the packets into delivery order before
            delivering them. In countries using postcodes
            consisting entirely of numbers, the postcode
            aims only to get the letter to the distant town,
            not through to the delivery postman. Syn.
            (U.S.A.) zipcode.
            post-dated cheque BKG. one bearing a date
            later than the day on which it is written, usu.
            in order to (a) give the drawer time to pay
            money into his bank account to meet it; or (5)
            take advantage of a period of credit; or (c)
            enable the payee to perform a duty by a given
            date, such as finishing some work or delivering
            some goods that are on order. In law, a post-
            dated cheque should not be presented for pay-
            ment until it is due, 1.e. until the date marked
            on the cheque; and the bank should be careful
            not to pay it before that date. To prevent
            mistakes, persons who post-date cheques are
            advised to write in red on the cheque a note
            attracting attention to the fact that it is post-
            dated.
            post entry see under customs entry.
            poster ADVTG. a large advertisement or notice
            posted (put up) in a public place. Syn. (esp.
            U.S.A.) bill. )
            poste restante in many countries, a special
            service provided by the Post Office by which
            letters and packets addressed to a named per-
            son poste restante at a certain place are held at
            the post office there until the addressee comes
            to collect them. In U.S.A. the service is called
            general delivery.
            post free Com. in price quotations, esp. in selling
            by direct supply, postage is included in the
            eee bee “Sa will be paid by the seller; no
            ee, each pair will be delivered by


            post without your — to pay anything for
            aid.

            postage. Sym. Pie park of making entries in
            os account, mainly from books of prime

            entry, ¢.g. items in the journal have to be

            posted, or entered in their proper accounts in

            the ledger. See post, v. (2). ,

            posting error a mistake made in posting figures, —

            ing error.

            nesting, certificate of see certificate of post-

            postmark the mark stamped or printed on let-
            ters, postal packets and parcels by the Post
            Office. This mark serves to cancel the postage
            stamps (so that they cannot be used again) and
            sometimes to show the place, date and hour or

            sdacrnactir the officer in charge of a post Office.
            Fem. postmistress. A sub-posimaster 1s a person
            who is an agent of the Post Office for the
            operation of a sub-post office.

            post meridiem (Latin) after noon. Abbr. p.m.

            postmistress a female postmaster.

            post-nuptial settlement see under settlement.
            post obit bond see under bond.

            Post Office TRANSPT. a government department
            or state-owned corporation that is responsible
            for running the postal services of a country.
            Abbr. P.O.

            post office box a numbered box or other con-
            tainer in a post office in which mail for a
            particular person or organization is kept until
            collected. Cf. box number. Abbr. P.O.B.; P.O.
            Box.

            Post Office Guide a book published once a
            year by the British Post Office giving details of
            its services and charges and stating its rules
            and procedures.

            Post Office register see national savings stock
            register.

            Post Office Savings Bank see National
            Savings Bank.

            post paid see post free.

            post-postscript a further postscript written
            after the first. Abbr. PPS.

            post room MAN. in an office, a room where
            incoming letters and parcels are received,
            opened, sorted and distributed to the various
            departments; and where outgoing letters and
            parcels are weighed, stamped and posted. Some
            post rooms also have arrangements for packing
            parcels. Syn. mail room.

            post rules Law in Britain, under the law of
            contract, rules concerning the making and
            acceptance of offers by post. An offer and a
            withdrawal or cancellation of an offer do not
            take effect until actually received by the offeree.
            An acceptance of an offer is effective as soon
            as it has been posted.

            postscript words added, usu. at the bottom, to


                evince -p 414 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            rafter it has been written or typed. Abbr.

            S. See also post-postscript. |
            PS., oa iy dj. possible, as compared with
            potent’ Young Mr Smith is a potential director.

            actual: i
            ntial danger/market. | |
            es ility of becoming, developing into,

            ace or somebody greater or better: The
            ee ess is showing great potential, has excellent
            ne ssibilities for growth in the future. Egypt's
            industrial potential, possibility of developing its
            industries in the future.
            ottle com. (1) a small container usu. of folded
            or twisted paper or leaves, in which small fruit,
            nuts and similar foodstuffs are sold, esp. in
            shops and street markets in developing coun-
            tries. (2) in liquid measure, 2 quarts. |
            pound a measure of weight, see avoirdupois;
            troy weight. Addr. Ib. |
            poundage FIN. (1) in Britain, (an unofficial
            name for) the fee charged by the Post Office,
            of so much per pound of value, for issuing
            postal orders and money orders. (2) any tax or
            commission based on the pound weight or
            pound of value.
            pound/cost averaging STK. EXCH. accumula-
            ting capital by regularly investing equal
            amounts of money in the same security. In this
            way, the average cost of the security is always
            lower than the average of the prices paid
            (except when the prices remain unchanged).
            For example, an investor invests £20 each
            month in a particular share. In the first month
            the price is £2.00 per share, so his £20 buys
            him 10 shares. In the second month the price
            is £1.00, so he gets 20 shares. In the third
            month the price is £0.80, so he gets 25 shares,
            giving a total of 55 shares for his outlay of £60,
            an average cost of £1.09 per share. But the
            average of the prices paid (£2.00, £1.00, £0.80
            = £3.80 + 3) is £1.27 per share. The average
            cost has been reduced because the number of
            shares bought varies with the price paid, fewer
            being obtained when the price is high than
            when it is low.

            pound-foolish neglecting to take care of large
            sums of money as a result of too much attention
            to small ones.

            poverty ECON. a serious lack of wealth: the state
            of the poorest members of a community; a
            condition of having too little money, too few
            of the goods essential for the current standard
            of living, such as food, shelter, clothing, and
            of the opportunities for social development,
            such as education, medical care and employ-
            ment.

            Poverty line ECON. in Britain, the level of
            Income at or below which people Officially have
            the right to receive state welfare benefits in
            addition to unemployment or other allowances.

            See also supplementa allowance. Syn :
            erty level, % aa

            qa lette

            is Ae ay? oS a a |

            practice - 403

            poverty trap ECON. the condition of a person
            with a low income who has no encouragement
            to work harder, such as a low-paid worker
            receiving state welfare benefits which will be
            reduced by one pound for each further pound
            that he earns by e.g. working overtime. He can
            only escape from this trap if he can manage to
            earn so much more that his extra income is
            greater than his loss of benefits. |
            power (1) IND. any kind of force used for doing
            work, such as water power, wind power, steam
            power, electric power, nuclear power, and also
            manpower. (2) LAW legal ability to act, to
            decide for oneself one’s relations with other
            persons, such as the ability to make a contract.
            general power power held by a person arising
            out of an office or position that he holds, such
            as the power of a trustee, executor, adminis-
            trator or solicitor.
            private power power given by one person to
            another for a private, not a public, purpose.
            public power power held from the State by a
            government official or agent, or a member of
            the judiciary.
            special power limited power given or held for
            a special purpose, such as a power of sale, or
            by power of attorney.
            power of attorney LAW a formal document
            made under seal by a person called the donor
            or grantor, authorizing another person called
            the donee or attorney to act for him, in all
            respects as if he were the donor, in regard to
            the matters stated in the document. Abbr. P.A. ;
            P/A. Syn. letter of attorney.
            general power of attorney one which relates to
            any matter that concerns the donor.
            special power of attorney one that limits the
            attorney's powers to certain matters, or to per-
            form some particular act, clearly stated in the
            document, such as to sell property, to sign
            cheques, or to receive money.
            power of sale Law the power held by one
            person to sell property owned by another per-
            son and to use the money to obtain repayment
            of a debt owed by the other person. A mort-
            gagee has legal power to sell a mortgaged
            ee if the mortgage debt is not paid when
            P.P. per procurationem; per procuration.
            PP. pages.
            P.P. parcel post.
            Ppd. prepaid.
            p.p.i. producer price index.
            P.P.P. purchasing power parity.
            PPro per procurationem; per procuration.
            PPS. post-postscript; Parliamentary Or principal
            private secretary.
            pr. pair.
            P.R. personal representative; profit rate: public
            relations.

            practice n. (1) the business organization of a


            ay

                evince -p 415 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            404 . pr actise

            2
            eh
            t
            x
            ©
            4
            hb
            +
            : ‘ ’
            '
            a
            }
            ‘; r
            . - .
            a ? Wi
            ow a tee
            ;
            % ot
            iy
            FP iy Oe ¥ = we ~
            4 7 oy cones
            '
            ;
            w z Pe Fe é :
            b ~~ % f ‘ : ps rus tet é |= @
            _—
            hes , : oh Pes Pa? Pee Pas 6a Me .f :
            n oo nd . A.) oe c
            | ta ertefe ate cw rwelaout
            pratique ww if xa
            (we perg*? wr care * AcwatuY Pre ws ay
            anal Ge ny <rrangs

            orearmbie (.«% a siaiemen! al the beginning
            » epoch lew or deed. of the reason ery 1
            | ¢ and the mmtenmtsons of the perwowws) mat
            7
            precaution Cary taken tw preven @ - oF
            danger Jeo take precautions agamet the ft fraud
            Sn
            precedent an ciaampic thal may he followed as
            s guide when takong later achon m the same
            omiriens There no precedent in (his compen)
            lor eiectiag @ woman fo the hoard. Ie create
            extablish set a precedent, to do something, esp
            tw make a Gecomon, thal will be followed (used
            as an caampic) far future decisions
            precept FIN. 4 ACCTS. an order [rom & person in
            authority, directing the payment of money
            precinct in Brtam, an enclosed area set aside
            lor shops, where the public may walk about in
            salety because wehicies are not allowed to
            enter: A shopping pedestrian precinct. in US A.
            an administrative district of a city. Cf. ward
            précis a short restatement of the contents of a
            anger Gocument Syn summary Pron prays:
            pre-date wr ante~<iate
            predecease Ww dic before (somebody): The Aus-
            cic
            prececessor (|) a person who former y held a
            paruioular office or owned a parvcular business
            that & ROW hehd of Owned by somebody cise
            Mt White i a better manage? groce? than hus
            ee ffamten laseeg hs ie my jabs
            Oy amathes thing — of nee been replaced
            * Preyer this machine to ifs
            PM Gen © iw
            Pre -ermption () )
            VLRe! Berson to ha ve

            4 right to preference over al!
             t© Go something (2)


            ~w the righ! he >ta' buy property for
            7 : — * ¢ ii te yes +R pre-
            | gh! t Pat igi ' wea giver
            | ’ e ‘ cs ‘
            ’ « " - aA wher tees
            < aeuef reise tf
            & ,°e tif *. mf
            | foe ‘fF a” é af) Pleate
            en . » sharehaider wanting © ten)
            ,h ar fs t Ms rut! & ; | Pot Gus 8
            = : hed Hine them we he
            sheareius se i td ff et i” eo 4

            ra reiing

            lhe Pe} a b fut tm oTe4 asi Gecae + Tee

            7 ‘ in ' ¢ tw Lieg Puuswt (Pore
            roam * arn! * rer &RTETIMNE arias em AGE >

            pref Pref orelert ne preferrex!

            preference the at of preferring + wn porun
            ot thing te another Rants show @ praferes «
            ine shear? tere keene cow (rather than) song ter”
            (Dd) a person oF thing preferrec (/er prelercrws
            tor ther cmatromnhkyy i ir Brown ()) the gover
            of acre ope ial advantage to a ComntT) <# gros
            of cowmtries in wnternational trade, rather than
            w others, cep. an import Gut) which (avours
            one group of supphers rather than another
            Abbe. pref. Pref
            ( ammonwcalth prefereace the practice whac h
            was agreed by countries who were mem bers
            of the (British) Commonwealth of Nations of
            giving more favourable treatment to imports
            from other members of the Commonwealth.
            esp. in regard to import duties. This system
            ceased in Britain when the F.E.C. tani! was
            applied in full in 1977
            Commanity preference the rule (hat members of
            the European Economic Community (E.E.C )
            should give more favourable treatment in thei
            markets to imports [rom other member coun:
            tries, esp. in regard to agricultural products

            preference capital see under capital

            preference dividend see wider dividend

            preference, fraudulent see fraudulent prefer.


            Preferential terms, terms such as those between

            favourable than those given to other cus!
            (2) receiving or having a claim a om
            such as preferenua! creditors -
            ments.
            Preferential debt see wider
            preferential a

            eee an import duty at «


            Val payments Law a FIX. in distr:

            4 company in liquida bof

            tion, those payments that



                evince -p 416 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            ee ee

            a = -

            mt — 7 digg? ——

            f

            v

            |
            ‘

            \
            ;
            4
            4
            ,

            aw be made in preference to all others.
            See preferential debt under — If ae
            -nsufficient assets to meet the preter aR i
            in full, the preferential creditors rank equally
            with one another and receive payments
            -educed in an equal proportion. Syn. (U.S.A.)
            red payments.
            aa a EXCH. in Britain, of stocks and
            shares, having a greater claim than the holders
            of ordinary stock or shares to receive payment
            of interest or dividend (usu. at a fixed rate)
            when the company fails to earn profits large
            enough to pay both. Syn. preference. Abbr.
            pref.; Pref. | |
            preferred creditor see preferential creditor;
            preferential payments.
            preferred debt see preferential debt under debt.
            preferred share see preferred ordinary share
            under share.
            preferred stock see under stock.
            prejudice (1) an unfavourable opinion that is
            unfair because it is not according to reason: A
            good manager never shows prejudice against a
            member of his staff. (2) LAW harm to one’s
            interests: We must avoid doing anything to the
            prejudice of our claim.
            prejudice, without see without prejudice.
            preliminary enquiries see enquiries before
            contract.
            preliminary expenses see formation expenses.
            Premier see Prime Minister.
            premises n. p/. (1) a building, esp. a house, and
            the land on which it is built. (2) LAW the
            property to which a conveyance relates.
            premium adj. CoM. of specially good quality and
            therefore sold at a higher price: Premium grade
            petrol.
            n. (1) STK. EXCH. the amount which is paid for
            a stock or share over and above its nominal or
            face value. At a premium, at a price higher than
            the face value of the security. See par. Opp.
            discount. See also option (1). (2) BKG. the
            amount by which the market rate of exchange
            of a particular currency is above the par rate.
            See dollar premium. (3) ADVTG. see deal (4). (4)
            a sum of money formerly paid by an apprentice
            or articled clerk to a master or professional
            man as payment for his articles. (5) LAW a sum
            of money paid on a lease, usu. in advance of
            signature and over and above the rent. Syn.
            key money. (6) INSCE. the money paid by the
            insured to the insurers in return for insurance
            cover or benefits payable under the conditions
            in an insurance policy. Abbr. pm.; Pm.
            additional premium an extra sum of money that
            the insurer has to pay when a contract of
            insurance is changed while it is still in force in
            order to cover increased risk or benefits.
            annual premium the usual frequency of payment
            of premiums on insurance contracts, being the
            sum required to pay for one year’s cover.

            must by |

            present - 405

            deferred premium an insurance premium that
            is paid by instalments. See deferred account.
            deposit premium (a) an insurance premium paid
            only in part while the policy is drawn up, the
            amount being adjusted later. (6) any premium
            which is adjusted periodically.

            extra premium an extra, or further, charge for
            insurance added during the period covered by
            the policy. %

            first premium on a new contract of insurance,
            the sum needed to give cover during the first
            period, usu. until the next quarter-day, after
            which a renewal premium is charged, usu.

            annually. ,
            option premium see option.
            renewal premium the sum payable for a further
            period of one year’s insurance Cover.
            return premium a sum paid back by the
            insurance company to the insured when a con-
            tract of insurance is stopped or changed. Syn.
            rebate.
            unearned premium a sum paid back by the
            insurance company to the insured when the
            property has not been at risk, and the insurer
            could not have been liable to make good any |
            loss.

            premium bond see premium savings bond. |

            premium bonus see under bonus (2).

            premium income INscE. the total income _
            received by an insurance organization from i
            premiums on insurance policies during a given
            period.

            premium pay see incentive bonus under bonus
            (2).

            premium savings bond FIN. a form of savings
            bond issued by the British Government
            through the Post Office in units of £1, each
            with a different number. No interest is paid,
            but the bonds can be cashed at any time at full
            face value. Each bond has an equal chance of
            winning tax-free prizes, of from £50 up to very
            large sums of money, in lotteries in which
            numbers are chosen by chance by ERNIE, an
            electronic computer.

            prepaid paid in advance: Postage must be pre-
            paid, paid before posting. A prepaid reply card,
            a stamped postcard that can be used by an
            addressee for his reply to a message, without
            his having to bear the cost of postage. See also
            freight prepaid. Abbr. ppd.

            prepayments AccTs. an adjusting entry made
            In one or more accounts at the end of an
            accounting period to record payments made in
            advance, i.e. that properly relate to the next
            accounting period. See adjustment (3).

            pres. presumed.

            Pres., pres. president.

            present v. BKG. & FIN. to produce and show
            formally, esp. a cheque or promissory note for
            payment, or a bill of exchange for acceptance
            or payment. The act of presenting is called


            = =
            cv ‘~
            © ; - =
            at < ; a
            ok i - ”
            we


                evince -p 417 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &


            406 - presentation

            ent.
            presentation OF presentment. Pron. preze
            n. a gift. Pron. prézent. i ent

            i >. & FIN.
            entation (1) BKG. | ieee
            ee qa bill of exchange, promissory note,

            TOM. &

            See present, v. Syn. aces eee .

            ADVTG. a show with talks, : on e to the public

            introduce a new product or servic ee pete
            or to a group of persons specially interes

            it. :

            ntment see presentation. .

            aaa value FIN. & BKG. (1) of ae of A:
            change, the capital sum of money that would,
            ‘f lent at a given rate of interest for a given
            time, accumulate to produce the amount of the
            bill. (2) of an annuity, the capital amount
            which, if invested at compound interest now,
            would allow a number of equal amounts to be
            paid out at fixed intervals. (3) of an investment,
            see discounted cash flow. Syn. present worth.

            present worth see present value.

            president MAN. the chief executive officer of
            a company in U.S.A., the equivalent of the
            chairman of the board of directors in Britain.
            Abbr. Pres; pres.

            Press, The the newspapers and magazines of a
            country collectively: The freedom/liberty of the
            Press, the right freely to print news and
            opinions of public interest.

            press agency see news agency.

            press agent a person employed to do the pub-
            licity work of a business, i.e. to get its products
            and services known to the public. Syn. publi-
            cist. Abbr. p.a.

            press conference a meeting to which news
            reporters are invited to hear a statement about
            a happening.

            pressing COM. urgent: Pressing orders, orders
            that must be supplied as soon as possible.
            Pressing payments, payments that the creditors
            are demanding.

            prestige a state of importance and power
            because of one’s good reputation. Prestige sym-
            bol, an object owned or used by a person
            who wishes to tell others how important and
            powerful he is. Prestige good, an economic good
            that is demanded in spite of its high price,
            because to be able to buy it shows one’s impor-
            tance and wealth. Adj. prestigious.

            presume to take, accept as true; to suppose:
            This parcel is presumed to contain diamonds, it
            is supposed or believed to contain diamonds,
            but it is not certain that it does. The ship/aircraft
            is presumed lost, believed to be lost. Abbr. pres.
            (presumed).
            presumption Law the acceptance of a belief or
            statement based on facts or experience as true,
            until it is proved not to be true: The presumption
            of innocence is that the accused is innocent until
            a * ie guilty. Presumption of death, formal
            y to act as though a person who has

            ared is dead, so that his estate may be
            ae aed according to the law.
            re-tax STK. EXCH. & ACCTS. (1) of profits, before
            : income or company tax is deducted: The chair-
            man reported a pre-tax profit of about £1 million,
            (2) of income, total receipts and earnings before
            deducting tax: He has a pre-tax income of
            ELLOS a ore | etences
            see false pr
            i imap BKG. & FIN. (French, a person who
            lends his name) a false name applied, ¢.g. to a
            bank account, to hide the true name of the
            depositor. Syn. dummy. See nominate (2);
            Rondon sere a market research test that
            measures the reaction of a sample of the target
            market to a proposed advertisement. The
            advertisement may then be altered before
            being sent out . the whole market.
            . previous (to).
            scmallice current, existing widely or most of
            the time: The prevailing wind is westerly, it
            blows from the west for most of the year.
            Prevailing prices, prices now current in the
            market. The prevailing boom/ depression/slump.
            preventive preventing something from existing
            or happening: A customs preventive officer, one
            whose responsibility it is to stop illegal imports
            and exports. Preventive measures against acci-
            dent/fire/theft/fraud, planned ways of avoiding
            these from happening.
            price v. to fix a price (of something): We have
            priced our new product at £5. It is priced at £5.
            You have priced it too high/low. We are in danger
            of pricing ourselves out of the market, by fixing
            our price so high there 1s a risk that few people
            will buy our product.
            n. (1) ECON. THEORY the rate at which a com-
            modity can be exchanged for another com-
            modity or for money. The exchange value of
            an economic good. (2) CoM. the amount of
            money for which an article or commodity can
            be bought and sold. (3) STK. EXCH. a value for
            a security quoted by a dealer at two levels, the
            lower or bid price, at which he is willing to
            buy, and the higher or offer(ed) price at which
            he is willing to sell. Thus: 150p, 153p.
            actual price on the Stock Exchange, the price
            at which a bargain is made by a dealer, whether
            as buyer or as seller.
            administered price ECON. THEORY a price fixed
            by the producer of a product at a level that
            controls the quantity that is bought in the
            market, rather than allowing the price to be
            determined by supply and demand. Admini-
            stered prices are usu. found in a market in
            which there are few sellers, i.e. oligopoly. Syn.
            managed price.
            asking price the price at which a seller is willing

            to sell. Syn. (U.S.A.) ask; ask price. Also asked
            price.


                evince -p 418 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            e arithmetic average of the

            rice th
            average P f a commodity. Cf. normal

            current prices ©
            sea price see under bargain. |

            basis price the price for the article without any
            extras. Cf. overhead price below. Syn. base
            price; basis rate; basic price. ,

            best price on the Stock Exchange, the price that
            ‘s the best that the stockbroker can arrange, 1.€.
            the lowest possible price when buying, and the
            highest possible when selling. A/so ‘at best’.
            bid price see separate entry.

            buying price see bid price.

            cash price see separate entry.

            catalogue price see list price below.

            ceiling price the highest price that can be obtain-
            ed in the market, or is allowed by law.

            close price on the Stock Exchange, a situation
            where there is little difference between the bid
            and the offer(ed) price. Cf. wide price.

            closing price see closing.

            common price a price fixed under a common
            pricing agreement. See common pricing.
            competitive price see competitive.

            cost price (a) the price paid by a merchant for
            the goods he buys for resale. (b) a price that
            represents the bare cost of production, without
            anything added for profit.

            cut price a price that is unusually low, and well
            below that of most competitors.

            dealer’s price see wholesale price below.
            delivered price see separate entry.

            differential price(s) see separate entry.

            dirt cheap price see knock-out price below.
            equilibrium price ECON. THEORY the market
            price of a commodity at which the amount
            demanded equals the amount supplied, 1.e.
            demand and supply are balanced, or in equilib-
            rium.

            factor price ECON. THEORY the price of the
            factors of production. See gross national prod-
            uct.

            fall-back price see reserve price (c) below.

            firm price see firm, adj. (3).

            fixed price see maximum price; minimum price
            below. Also see resale price maintenance.
            forward price see separate entry.

            full-cost price one which includes the cost of
            production and a satisfactory profit.
            guaranteed price(s) see separate entry.

            guide price under the Common Agricultural
            Policy of the E.E.C. the price fixed by the
            European Commission as being a fair average
            price to the farmer producing certain kinds of
            meat.

            hire-purchase price see separate entry; also cash
            price.

            in-bond price see under in bond.

            intervention price see separate entry.

            invoice price the cost price of an article as
            shown on the supplier’s invoice.

            price - 407

            issue price see separate entry.

            ‘ust price’ in medieval times, roughly between
            AD 500 and AD 1500, before the economic laws
            of supply and demand had been understood,
            the customary price, i.e. the usual price, of a
            commodity or service. The European thinkers
            and writers of those days believed that it was
            wrong for a trader to raise his price in times
            of scarcity and equally wrong for buyers to
            offer lower prices when there was an excess of
            supply. :
            knock-out price (collog.) a very low price. Syn.
            dirt cheap price; knock-down price. — |
            list price (a) the retail price, i.e. the price paid
            by the consumer as fixed or recommended by
            the manufacturer or wholesaler and shown 1n
            his price-list. (6) the supplier’s invoice price
            before any discount has been deducted (taken
            off). Many retailers also issue price-lists for the
            use of their customers and staff. Syn. catalogue
            price. :
            loaded price a price that is made unfairly high
            by having an excessive amount added for some
            small extra advantage, or for packing and
            delivery, or in time of a scarcity.

            loco price see loco.

            making-up price on the Stock Exchange, the
            price at which securities not paid for by Settling
            Day are carried forward to the next Settlement.
            managed price see administered price above.
            manufacturer’s recommended price see rec-
            ommended price below. Abbr. M.R.P.

            marked price CoM. the price marked on goods
            sold in shops. In some countries retailers are
            forbidden by law to raise the price once the
            goods have been marked.

            market price (a) the price (of an article or
            commodity) that is current in the market. See
            also middle (market) price below. (b) ECON.
            THEORY the equilibrium price.

            maximum price a price of a commodity that
            has been fixed by the government at a level
            lower than the equilibrium price; it is illegal
            for dealers to buy and sell above the fixed price.
            Prices are usu. fixed when a government is
            concerned to keep prices down in a period of
            inflation. Unless the government can meet the
            excess demand from stocks held for this pur-
            pose, it must either ration existing supplies or
            accept the existence of a black market. Cf.
            minimum price. Syn. fixed price.

            mean price see middle (market) price below. See
            also separate entry.

            middle (market) price on the Stock Exchange,
            a price half-way between the bid price and the
            offer(ed) price. Syn. mean price.

            minimum price a price of a commodity that has
            been fixed by the government at a level higher
            than the equilibrium price; it is illegal for
            dealers to buy and sell in the market below
            this price. Such prices are usu. fixed by a



                evince -p 419 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            408 - price

            government to support the incomes of pro-
            ducers. Any excess supply is bought by the
            government from the producers and is sold
            elsewhere, destroyed or stored to meet a future
            excess demand. Cf. maximum price.
            monopoly price the price current in a market
            under monopoly conditions, i.e. in which one
            supplier, or group of suppliers acting together,
            can control the market price.
            net price a price on which no discount will be
            allowed.
            nominal price see separate entry.
            normal price in economic theory, the price
            (of an article or commodity) that one may
            reasonably expect to find under the conditions
            of demand and supply existing in the market,
            both in the short run and in the long run. It is
            the price towards which actual prices will tend
            to move.
            offer(ed) price (a) STK. EXCH. the price at which
            a willing seller will sell. Cf. bid price. Syn.
            ask(ing) price; selling price; (U.S.A.) offering
            price. (5) FIN. of unit trusts, the price at which
            the management company is willing to sell
            units. Cf. bid price under bid (2). The offer(ed)
            price includes the initial service and other
            charges that the buyer must bear.
            opening price see opening.
            outside price FIN. in the O.T.C. market, the
            price that dealers quote to customers other
            than dealers. See wholesale price (2) below.
            overhead price the amount that must be added
            to the basic price to cover the charge for extras.
            published price the retail price of a book, maga-
            zine or newspaper that has been fixed by the
            publisher for sale within the country. See also
            Net Book Agreement.
            purchase price the price that has to be paid to
            buy something. The expression is used esp. in
            regard to buying land and buildings, a share
            in a business or some other asset costing a
            relatively large sum of money.
            recommended (retail) price the price that the
            manufacturer of a product advises or urges
            retailers to charge when selling to the con-
            sumer. Abbr. R.P.; R.R.P. Syn. manufacturer's
            recommended price; suggested (retail) price.
            reserve price (a) at an auction, the lowest price
            that the seller is willing to accept for the article
            being auctioned. The article will be sold only
            to the highest bidder above the reserve price,
            and not to any bidder below it. Syn. (U.S.A.)
            upset price. (b) any price below which the seller
            will not sell. (c) under the Common Agricul-
            tural Policy (C.A.P.) of the E.E.C., the price
            fixed by the European Commission for fruit
            and vegetables. If necessary, subsidies are paid
            to make sure that each commodity is sold at
            its reserve price. Syn. fall-back price.
            retail price the price paid by the consumer. Cf.
            wholesale price.

            sale price (a) the amount of money that a buyer
            has to pay. Syn. consideration for sale. (b) a
            specially reduced | price charged by a retailer
            during a sale in his shop. See sale (4),

            selling price see offer(ed) price above.

            shadow price ECON. THEORY the true Marginal
            value of a good, which may be different from
            the market price. i
            sluice-gate price under the Common Agricul-
            tural Policy of the E.E.C., the price fixed Quar-
            terly by the European Commission for pig-
            meat, eggs and poultry. Levies (import duties)
            have to be paid if such goods are imported
            below the sluice-gate price.

            split price see differential prices.

            spot price in commodity markets, the price for
            spot (immediate) delivery. Cf. forward price.
            Syn. loco price; warehouse price.

            street price see after-hours price under after-
            hours dealings. In U.S.A., a price for a security
            being bought or sold other than through a stock
            exchange.

            striking price see option (1).

            suggested (retail) price see recommended
            (retail) price above. Abbr. S.R.P.

            supply price (a) the cost of producing an entirely
            new asset, as opposed to the market price of
            an existing asset. (b) the lowest price that a
            supplier will accept for a given quantity.
            support price under the Common Agricultural
            Policy of the E.E.C., the price at which the
            authorities will enter the market as buyers to
            prevent a further fall in price.

            target price under the Common Agricultural
            Policy of the E.E.C., the price of a commodity
            that is fixed from time to time by the European
            Commission. The target price is not intended
            to be a guaranteed price but rather an average
            price that will be fair to the producer.
            threshold price under the Common Agricultural
            Policy (C.A.P.) of the E.E.C., the lowest price
            at which an imported farm commodity, esp.
            cereals, may be sold within the community.
            The C.A.P. authorities fix threshold prices
            from time to time and keep them at or near
            the target price by charging an import levy
            equal to the difference between the landed cost
            of a commodity and its threshold price.

            trade price see wholesale price below.

            transfer price ACCTS. the price charged for prod-
            ucts or services when they are traded between
            sections or divisions of the same organization,
            rather than in a commercial open market.
            upset price see reserve price (a) above.
            wholesale price (1) CoM. the price paid by a
            retailer to a wholesaler. Cf. retail price. Syn.
            trade price. (2) FIN. in the over-the-counter
            market, the price quoted by one dealer to
            another. Syn. inside price; dealer(’s) price. Cf.
            outside price above.
            wide price on the Stock Exchange, a situation


                evince -p 420 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            where there is a larger difference between the
            bid and the offer(ed) prices than is normal. Cf.
            close price.

            price bulletin see price(s) current.

            price-ceiling see under ceiling.

            price control ECON. in time of war or of serious
            inflation, rules made by the government to
            prevent consumer prices rising higher than the
            maximum fixed from time to time for each
            controlled commodity.

            price cutting COM. selling at prices that are
            much lower than those at which most other
            suppliers are selling; the purpose may be to
            increase profits by attracting custom and
            increasing turnover to a point where bulk buy-
            ing is possible and where the higher sales
            revenue more than covers the lower rate of
            profit per unit sold, or to force competitors to
            lower their prices and hope to drive them out
            of business. See price war.

            price discrimination see discrimination (3).

            price-dividend ratio the present market price
            of an ordinary share (in Britain) or a share of
            common stock (in U.S.A.) of a company div-
            ided by the last dividend per share paid for a
            full year. Thus e.g. a price-dividend ratio of 8
            means that in buying a share one is paying a
            price equal to 8 times the dividend per share.
            The ratio is used as a measure of the value
            of the share as an investment. Abbr. p.d.r.;
            P.D.R.; p.d.; P.D.; p/d; P/D.

            price-earnings ratio sTK. EXCH. the present
            market price of an ordinary share divided by
            the company’s net earnings (distributable pro-
            fits) per share in the last accounting year, usu.
            after tax. Thus e.g. a p.e.r. of 12 means that
            in buying a share one is paying a price equal
            to 12 times the latest year’s earnings per share.
            This ratio is much used as a guide when com-
            paring share prices, esp. by investors looking
            for capital appreciation rather than for divi-
            dend income. Cf. dividend-price ratio. Abbr.
            p.e.r.; P.E.R.; p/e.r; P/E.r.; p/e; P/E; P/e.
            historical P/E ratio the ratio when based on
            past known earnings as recorded in published
            accounts.
            projected P/E ratio the ratio when based on
            probable future earnings.

            price effect ECON. THEORY the result of a change
            in the price-level while the consumer’s money
            income remains unchanged. After rearranging
            his purchases he will find that his real income,
            measured in goods or services, not in money,
            will have changed for the better or the worse
            according to whether the price-level has fallen
            or risen. See income effect; substitution effect.

            price elasticity see price sensitivity.

            price-fixing see resale price maintenance.

            price-floor see under floor.

            price fluctuations see fluctuations.

            price freeze see under freeze.

            price war - 409

            price index see under index number(s); also
            International Price Index.

            price leadership ECON. THEORY the practice by
            a group of producers of fixing the price of their
            product at the price charged by one leading
            member of the group; and whenever the price
            leader changes his price, the others follow.
            This practice is found esp. under a system of
            oligopoly (when there are few sellers).

            priceless very valuable; of so high a value that
            no price can be put on it: He is a rich old man
            who can spend millions buying priceless antiques.

            price-level ECON. the average of all prices in a
            country at a particular time. It is usu. calculated
            as a price index and is used to compare the
            average at one time with the average at other
            times. Syn. general level of prices.

            price-list see under list.

            price maintenance see resale price mainten-
            ance.

            price/net tangible assets ratio ACCTS. & STK.
            EXCH. the market price of a particular share
            divided by the net tangible asset backing
            (N.T.A.). A share with a high ratio is attractive
            to investors. Abbr. price/NTA ratio.

            price/NTA ratio price/net tangible assets ratio.

            price ring see ring.

            price(s) current CoM. a printed price-list of
            articles and commodities, published regularly,
            usu. in large commercial centres, and used by
            dealers in quoting prices. Abbr. P/C. Syn. price
            bulletin.

            price sensitivity ECON. the extent to which
            demand for a product is dependent upon the
            price. If a product is price sensitive, a small
            reduction or increase in the price will respec-
            tively strengthen or dampen demand. The aim
            of much consumer goods marketing is to create
            brand loyalty and thus reduce the price sensi-
            tivity of the product. Syn. price elasticity. See
            also skimming.

            price sticker see sticker.

            price support IND. & AGR. the help given by
            the government of a country to its industries,
            esp. primary industries such as agriculture, by
            paying support payments, also called deficiency
            payments or subsidies, to producers, if market
            prices fall below the support price. See support
            price under price; also Common Agricultural
            Policy.

            price-tag COM. a mark or label placed on an
            article to show the price to the consumer.

            price terms see quotation.

            price theory ECON. THEORY the branch of eco-
            nomics that studies the price system, and esp.
            the things that influence the fixing of prices
            under different market conditions.

            price war COM. a market situation in which all
            suppliers are competing to gain a larger share
            of the market by cutting prices, often without
            thought for the results. It may happen that,



                evince -p 421 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &


            410 - pricey

            a a > ‘ a ~et.tar n
            although one supplier may get a mer ae 7
            advantage by cutting his prices, if the ad
            follow, all suppliers will suffer and the wea cest
            ge id this danger, most

            , go bankrupt. To avol
            persevere prices at aureeeOns ble level
            and refuse to reduce them further.
            pricey (colloq.) a ii dear.
            icing see double pricing
            rive teal ( Lath first sight) (1) on the face
            of it. (2) LAW A prima-facie case, a criminal case
            that at first hearing appears to have sufficient
            evidence to justify a trial in a higher court.
            Prima-facie evidence, evidence that will be
            accepted in a court of law as being true unless
            it can be proved untrue.
            primage SHIPG. & COM. a small payment, usu.
            10%, made to shippers for taking extra care 1n
            loading or unloading a ship. Syn. (collog.) hat
            money.
            primage duty see under duty.
            primary data market research data collected
            and analysed for a single stated purpose. Cf.
            secondary data.
            primary industry see under industry.
            primary memory see under memory.
            primary production see under production.
            prime bill see under bill of exchange.
            prime commercial paper see commercial
            paper Abbr. P.C.P.
            prime cost see under cost.
            prime entry (1) ACCTS. see books of first entry.
            (2) COM. & TAXN. see under customs entry.
            Prime Minister the chief minister in the
            government of certain countries. Syn. Premier.
            Abbr. P.M.
            prime (lending) rate BKG. the rate of interest
            at which British and American banks lend
            money to their largest and most creditworthy
            customers. In Britain this is usu. the clearing
            bank base rate plus 1%. Syn. fine rate; blue-
            chip rate; prime; (Britain) base rate.
            primeurs AGR. & COM. early fruits and vege-
            tables, usu. grown for export to colder regions.
            prime time ADVTG. the time (or times) of day
            at which most people are listening to radio or
            looking at television, and therefore the best
            time(s) for advertisements.
            principal n. (1) LAW & COM. a person who author-
            izes another person to be his agent or broker.
            The person for whom an agent or broker acts:
            I am acting for my principals, Davies and Co. of
            Cardiff. Our relationship is that of principal and
            agent. Syn. donor; grantor. (2) BKG. & FIN.
            money lent at interest, esp. the amount of the
            loan, not the interest paid on it.
            adj, chief, highest in rank, most important:
            The principal officer of a company, the head of
            the company. The principal activity of the busi-
            ness is cleaning carpets.
            principal debtor see under debtor.
            Principle (1) a guiding rule of behaviour or

            morality: A manager must adopt the
            of honesty and fair play. (2) the basic truth
            on which other truths rest: The principles ee
            economics, the basic facts of economic
            given in a textbook. Cf. Acceleration Pr;
            print printed matter; any matter, esp.
            ment, that has been printed, not han
            or typewritten.
            in print of a published book, can still be bought
            from the publishers.
            out of print can no longer be bought from th,
            publishers because all stocks have been gojq
            and no reprint is planned.
            small print (co//og.) in a printed document suc},
            as a hire-purchase agreement, matter contain-
            ing conditions printed in such small type and
            expressed in such difficult language that the
            customer cannot easily read or understand jt
            and therefore does not understand his liabilit-
            ies.
            printer COMP. a machine connected to, or part
            of, the output side of a computer to receive
            and change electronic information into printed
            form, i.e. letters, signs and numbers, usu. as a
            paper document called a printout. :
            laser printer a very fast, quiet, high-quality
            machine that uses a laser beam (of very strong
            light) to print on photo-sensitive paper.
            line printer one that prints a whole line at a
            time. Cf. page printer below.
            matrix printer one that works a set of dots
            which, when raised, form letters, etc. Syn.
            stylus printer; dot-matrix printer; wire printer.
            page printer one that prints a whole page at
            one time, using the xerographic process of
            printing. Syn. xerographic printer.
            stylus printer see matrix printer above.
            xerographic printer see page printer above.
            printer’s ream see ream.
            print-out COMP. processed data (information)
            from the output unit of a computer, presented
            in the form of readable printed matter on
            paper. See printer. Syn. hard copy.
            prior charge sTK. EXCH. & ACCTS. any security,
            such as a debenture, loan stock or preference
            shares, that ranks before ordinary stock or
            shares for payment of interest or dividend, and.
            if the company is wound up, for repayment of
            Capital.
            priority (1) STK. EXCH. & FIN. the right of certain
            creditors and stockholders and shareholders to
            have their claims paid before the claims of
            others: Preference dividends have priority over
            ordinary dividends. (2) the state of being, the
            right to be, first in position or time: Give this
            matter priority, deal with it before all other
            matters. A priority telegram, one that receives
            urgent attention, being sent before all others.
            priorities p/. MAN. those things that are more
            important than others, esp. duties, pieces of

            theor
            Nciple,

            @ docy-
            dwritter ,


                evince -p 422 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &


            . “i : at
            ’ ‘i a
            wee: ©.


            work. An experienced manager knows the priorit-

            oie preferred stock see under stock.
            private arrangement see deed of arrangement.
            private bank BKG. (1) a bank owned and oper-
            ated by one person or a number of persons
            in partnership, not by a joint-stock banking
            company. In Britain, no banking partnership
            is allowed by law to have more than 20 part-
            ners, and the liability of each is unlimited. (2)
            in Britain and Europe, a popular name for any
            bank of which the share capital is owned by
            private persons or institutions and not by the
            State. (3) a bank that is not a member of a
            clearing house.
            private brand see own brand.
            private carrier see under carrier.
            private Company see private limited company
            under company.
            private enterprise see under enterprise
            private health policy see under insurance pol-
            icy.
            private international law LAW see inter-
            national law.
            private investment see under investment.
            private law LAw that branch of the law that
            controls relations between one citizen and
            another. It includes the law of property, of
            contracts and of torts. Cf. public law.
            private limited company see under company.
            private nuisance see under nuisance.
            private placing see under placings.
            private power see under power.
            private property see under property.
            private right of way see right of way.
            private sale see under sale.
            private secretary see under secretary.
            private sector ECON. in a mixed economy, that
            part of the economy that 1s owned and operated
            by private enterprise, not by government
            departments or public corporations. Cf. public
            sector; corporate sector; personal sector.
            private treaty see under treaty.
            private trust see under trust. _
            privatize IND. & FIN. to sell a collectivized or
            nationalized industry, to put under private
            ownership; to de-nationalize. Opp. nationalize.
            privatization n. the state of being privatized;
            the act of privatizing (an industry).
            privilege (1) LAW a special right to some advan-
            tage not given to other persons or given only
            to very few, such as the right to freedom from
            arrest of Members of Parliament (called par-
            liamentary privilege) and of ambassadors (called
            diplomatic privilege). (2) STK. EXCH. (mainly
            U.S.A.) an option.
            privileged debt see preferential debt under
            debt.
            privilege leave see annual leave under leave.
            Privy Council Law in Britain, a group of dis-
            tinguished persons appointed formerly to


            proceeds - 411

            advise the Crown in matters of government.
            Now it is mainly important for its Judicial
            Committee, a court of judges that hears and
            decides appeals from certain countries that are
            dominions and dependencies of the Crown
            and from certain courts and some professional
            organizations in Britain that hold judicial pow-
            ers under the State.

            Privy Purse FIN. in Britain, money allowed
            by Parliament to the monarch for personal
            expenses.

            prize bounty see under bounty.

            prize money see under money.

            P.R.O. public relations officer; Public Records
            Office.

            Pr.O. press officer.

            pro. a professional, esp. in sport; a person who
            is paid to play games or to train people in
            sporting activity: A golf/cricket pro.

            pro (Latin, for) (1) a point or argument in favour

            of (a proposal, motion, etc.).
            pros and cons p/. (with con, against): We must
            consider/weigh the pros and cons, we must €xam-
            ine the arguments for and against.
            (2) a person who is in favour of a proposal,
            motion, etc. (3) MAN. a short form of per pro.
            (per procurationem) used by a person signing
            a letter in place of another person, and with
            his authority.

            probate LAw in Britain, an official document
            issued by the Probate Division of the High
            Court to the executor who has been appointed
            in the will of a dead person. The document
            states that the will has been proved, i.e. officially
            accepted as true and effective, that it has been
            registered (recorded) and that the executor has
            power to settle the affairs of the dead person
            according to law and to the wishes expressed
            in the will.

            probationary wage rate see entry-level wage
            rate.

            probity see integrity.

            problem child see question mark.

            proc. procuration(em).

            procedure the steps to be taken or the method
            to be followed in doing some particular thing,
            such as carrying out an industrial process, hold-
            ing a business meeting, or bringing an action
            in the courts. See accounting procedure.

            proceed (1) sHIPG. to go forward, esp. to begin
            a voyage: To proceed to sea, to sail from port.
            (2) LAW to bring an action in the courts against
            somebody: We shall proceed against you if you
            - not pay within 30 days. (3) COM. see proceeds,

            pl.

            proceedings LAw legal action: To start/institute

            proceedings to obtain a court order.

            proceeds pi. FIN. the sum of money received
            from a business deal, esp. the sale of an asset:
            I have sold my house and have invested the

            proceeds in gilt-edged securities. The sale pro-


                evince -p 423 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            412 - process

            ceeds, after deducting our commission, amount to
            £5000. The proceeds of a bill of exchange.
            gross proceeds the total proceeds before deduc-
            ting expenses, charges and commission.
            net proceeds the amount of the total proceeds
            that remains after deducting all expenses, char-
            ges and commission. See account sales. Syn.
            (U.S.A.) avail.
            process LAW (1) a formal document issued by a
            court of law, such as a writ or summons, as the
            first step in a lawsuit. See service of process.
            (2) the entire business, at all stages, of a lawsuit.
            (3) the lawsuit itself. See also abuse of process.
            processor COMP. the part of a computer that
            brings together the data (stored in the memory)
            and the program instructions (received from
            software) in order to carry out a particular job
            of work, also called an operation.
            word processor a processor specially made for
            office use in preparing from collected material
            Stored in its memory, writing in the form of
            letters, legal documents, reports etc., with
            arrangements for editing (making changes in,
            and adding to) the words of the stored material.
            Abbr. W.P.
            Pprocess-server LAW an official of a court of
            law who is responsible for formally presenting
            a writ or summons to the person to whom it is
            addressed. See service of process. Syn. bailiff.
            procuration Law taking care of the affairs of
            another person in his absence or when he is
            unable to attend to them himself. Abbr. p.:
            pro.; proc. See per procurationem.
            procuration fee FIN. a payment made to a
            person for his services in arranging or negotiat-
            ing a loan.
            procurator-fiscal Law in Scotland, a public
            official who acts as the public prosecutor of a
            district. He takes legal action in the lower
            courts against persons who break the criminal
            law, and enquires into sudden or suspicious
            deaths. Also fiscal.
            procure to use special means or effort to obtain
            or buy: The difficulty of procuring spare parts for
            an obsolete machine.
            procurement officer see materials buyer.
            produce n. AGR. & COM. any commodity that is -
            produced by agricultural industry, such as tea,
            coffee, sugar, corn and other grains, wool, cot-
            ton, and rubber. Pron. produce.
            v. to make, to manufacture, to bring into exist-
            ence, to cause to grow, economic goods: things
            that are useful, scarce and have a price. Pron.
            produce.
            produce broker see commodity broker: import
            broker under broker.
            produce exchange COMMOD. EXCH. any com-
            modity exchange other than one dealing in
            metals.
            Produce market see under market.
            Producer a person who produces (manufactures,

            al a * ~


            grows or extracts from the earth
            for sale. Cf. middleman; consumer.
            producer price index ECON. « c
            U.S.A.) a price index based on
            some thousands of different goods useq by a

            ) COMMOdities

            OM. (esp, in

            large number of producers in many Industries
            It shows the percentage rate of INCrease o,
            decrease in a given period such as a quarter (3
            months) or a year, and is also related to Prices
            in a given base year taken as 100. Abby D.p.i
            Cf. consumer price index.
            producers’ boards see marketing boards.
            producers’ co-operative see under co-operat.
            ive.
            producer(’s) goods see capital goods unde,
            goods (7).
            producer's surplus ECON. THEORY the differ-
            ence between the market price that a producer
            receives for his product and the lower price he
            would have been willing to accept as just
            enough to cover his costs of production and to
            give a normal profit. This surplus is an eco-
            nomic profit, an extra profit as reward for
            organizing the factors of production. Also pro-
            ducer surplus. Syn. employer’s surplus.
            product (1) a thing that is made, manufactured,
            brought into existence. Pron. product.
            by-product see separate entry.
            end-product see separate entry.
            (2) the quantity obtained by multiplying two
            or more numbers together.
            product abandonment com. giving up,
            discontinuing, the production and marketing
            of an article.
            product advertising see under advertising.
            product code-numbering com. a system to
            save time and work at check-out points, esp.
            in supermarkets and large stores; a specially
            printed label on the packaging of each article
            is ‘read’ by a machine called a scanner which
            quickly records the price and code-number of
            each article. See also bar coding.
            product differentiation see differentiation.
            product liability see under liability. Abbr. P/L;
            Pac

            production (1) ECON. THEORY the making,
            bringing into existence, of useful goods and
            services which are scarce and have a price. (2)
            the act or process of producing; manufactur-
            ing. (3) the entire amount produced: The pro-
            duction of coal in Britain is over 120 million tons
            per year.
            batch production see under batch.
            direct production ECON. THEORY the simple and
            least effective system of production, by which
            a person satisfies all his wants by his own
            efforts and skills, not having or using the
            advantages of specialization or the division
            of labour. Cf. indirect production. Syn. self-
            sufficiency.

            indirect production ECON. THEORY production


                evince -p 424 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            using the advantages of specialization and the
            division of labour. Cf. direct production.
            jobbing (shop) production see separate entry.
            primary production ECON. THEORY those activi-
            ties that provide Man with the gifts of Nature,
            such as all forms of agriculture, forestry, fruit-
            growing, fishing and hunting, and mining.
            secondary production ECON. THEORY the manu-
            facturing of finished products from raw mate-
            rials, and the building of houses, public
            buildings, factories, roads, ports, etc.
            tertiary production ECON. THEORY the perform-
            ing of services such as banking, insurance,
            transport and trade (commercial services), and
            the work done by the professions and service
            industries and trades.

            production bonus see under bonus.

            production census see under census.

            production control see under control.

            production cost see under cost.

            production, factors of see factors of pro-
            duction.

            production goods see capital goods under
            goods.

            production manager see works manager under
            manager.

            production, mass see mass production.

            production smoothing IND. producing goods
            at a steady rate and meeting changing levels
            of demand through stockpiling in quiet per-
            iods. Cf. demand matching.

            productive (1) aGR. of land, able to produce
            crops. (2) FIN. producing an income, such as
            interest or dividend: A productive investment.
            (3) ECON. producing goods and services that
            have a value or price: The productive resources
            of a country, the means of producing goods and
            services that a country possesses.

            productive assets see active assets under
            assets.

            productive debt see under national debt.

            productive expenditure see under expendi-
            ture.

            productivity ECON. & IND. the relation between
            the output or amount produced in a given
            period and one unit of the factors of production
            employed in producing that output. Thus, the
            productivity of labour is the average amount of
            goods produced by one worker employed in
            making the goods, usu. stated as the output per
            worker per hour; the productivity of land is the
            gain from cultivating or letting one acre of it;
            and the productivity of capital is the income
            earned by investing a given amount of money,
            such as £100.
            marginal productivity the addition to his total
            output that a producer will obtain from adding
            one more unit of a factor of production, such as
            another worker. See also Diminishing Returns,
            Law of.

            productivity agreement IND. REL. an agree-

            professional services - 413

            ment between a trade union and an employer
            by which increased wages are paid for in-
            creased productivity.

            productivity bonus see under bonus.

            Productivity, Law of Diminishing Mar-
            ginal see Diminishing Returns, Law of.

            product liability Law the law that an organi-
            zation has a liability to pay damages to any-
            body who suffers as a result of one of its
            products or activities.

            product life cycle COM. & IND. the concept in
            marketing that a product has a changing ‘life’
            with four phases: introduction, growth,
            maturity and decline. The cash generated, pro-
            fitability, investment required and key market-
            ing tasks will vary with the stage reached in
            the product life cycle. Abbr. P.L.C.

            product line com. a group of products made by
            the same producer, that are similar in the
            purpose for which they are made but are dif-
            ferent in such details as size, shape, colour, etc.

            product market IND. a market (i.e. a group of
            similar customers) for a particular product.
            There may be several product markets for
            a given product, e.g. factories, retailers and
            housewives; similarly, each of these groups
            may buy several of a company’s products. Each
            combination is a product market and will
            demand different marketing approaches.

            product-mix ACCTS. & MAN. in a business pro-
            ducing various types of product, the proportion
            that the amount produced of each type bears
            to the total production of the business. See also
            sales-mix. Cf. marketing mix.

            product range COM. & IND. the extent and
            variety of things produced. This company needs
            to build up its product range if it is to increase its
            market share.

            product research see under research.

            profession (1) service as a practising member
            of a group or class of persons who, after a
            long period of study, have obtained special
            qualifications in a branch of learning or sci-
            ence. Originally one of the three Jearned pro-
            Jessions: law, medicine and theology; but
            nowadays any of a number of others including
            teaching and the arts (the liberal professions)
            and various departments of science, such as
            architecture, engineering and accountancy. He
            is a lawyer/doctor by profession. To exercise
            a profession. (2) a group or class of persons
            practising such service: The legal/medical/
            dental profession.

            professional corporation see under corpo-
            ration.

            professional indemnity policy see under
            insurance policy.

            professional partnership see non-trading
            partnership under partnership.

            professional services see under services.




                evince -p 425 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &


            414 - proficiency

            proficiency the state of being proficient: Pro
            ficiency pay, extra pay for showing special skill
            proficient well skilled in doing something:
            is a proficient worker. ay all
            profit v. (1) to make a profit or gain of any kind
            He profited to the extent of £2000. (2) to tak
            advantage: We must profit by the financia
            difficulties of our competitors. | |
            n. (1) the amount by which the price receive
            is greater than the cost; the difference betweet
            business income and expenses. Opp. loss; de
            ficit. Syn. surplus. (2) ECON. THEORY the differ
            ence between the price received for a produc
            and the amounts paid as rewards to the factor:
            of production: to land as rent, to labour a:
            wages and salaries, and to capital as interest
            What remains is profit or loss depending or
            whether the amount received is greater thar
            the amounts paid. Profit has been variousl)
            described by economists as reward for the
            businessman’s enterprise in accepting the risk:
            and uncertainties of business, and as a payment
            for skilled management.
            after-tax profit in accounting, a net profit figure
            after deducting any tax payable.
            attributable profit a profit that is regarded a:
            belonging to, or coming from, a particulai
            source, such as a division or department of
            an organization, or a particular period, or 2
            particular contract or order.
            before-tax profit in accounting, a net profit
            figure before allowing for any tax payable.
            book profit see separate entry.
            capital profit a profit received from selling a
            fixed asset. Cf. income profit.
            casual profits see under casual (1)
            C.C.A. profit the profit calculated under current
            cost accounting rules, i.e. the difference
            between the sales income and the replacement
            cost of the goods sold, not their historic cost.
            distributable profit see separate entry.
            economic profit see operating profit below.
            excess profit see super-profit below.
            gross profit in a business, the amount by which,
            in a given period, the value of sales is greater
            than the cost of goods sold, without taking note
            of any expenses for selling, distribution or
            administration. It is represented by a credit
            balance in the trading account. Abbr. G.P. or
            g.p. Cf. net profit. See also percentage profit
            below. Syn. trading profit.
            income profit any profit that is not a capital
            profit.
            monopoly profit in economic theory, the above-
            normal profit that a firm is able to earn when
            it is in a position of monopoly. The size of
            this profit is a measure of the strength of the
            monopoly. Syn. supernormal profit.
            net profit in a business, the operating profit
            after allowing for payment of income tax.
            normal profit in economic theory, a part of pure

            é profit, being the amount of profit that is just
            k high enough to persuade an entrepreney; to
            e continue production. It 1s an Opportunity cost
            since it must be at least equal to the income that
            the entrepreneur could obtain if he investeg his
            ~ money in some other way.
            f operating profit in a business, the amount by
            which the gross profit is greater than the oper-
            ating expenses or overheads. It is represented
            by a credit balance in the profit and lose
            account. Syn. economic profit; operating earn-
            ings.
            paper profit a profit that has been earned but
            has not been realized, i.e. has not been made
            in cash. Thus the value of a security may rise
            and show a paper profit, but this profit will be
            realized in the form of cash only if it is sold.
            Cf. paper loss; realized profit; capital profit.
            percentage profit the profit expressed as a per-
            centage of sales. Syn. profit margin. pure profit
            in economic theory, the profit that an entre-
            preneur expects to receive for bearing uncer-
            tainty, 1.e. as reward for the risks he is taking.
            Cf. normal profit. Syn. economic profit.
            realized profit profit or gain actually made on
            ) the sale of an asset, such as an investment. Cf.
            paper profit.
            retained profit profit that has not been distrib-
            uted or shared out among the shareholders,
            but has been retained, i.e. kept to allow the
            company to finance new investment without
            having to borrow money. Syn. undistributed
            profit; retained earnings.
            supernormal profit see monopoly profit above.
            super-profit in economic theory, any profit ear-
            ned by an entrepreneur over and above normal
            profit. Syn. excess profit; surplus profit.
            surplus profit see super-profit above. trading
            profit see gross profit above.
            undistributed profit see retained profit above.
            windfall profit a profit that is not expected.
            Such profits are usu. caused by a sudden fall in
            the value of money (e.g. in a time of inflation)
            resulting in the market value of a product rising
            faster than the cost of production.
            profitability FIN. the power of a business to
            cam profits, or the degree to which a business
            is profitable, esp. as compared with another
            business.
            profitable (1) FIN. paying a profit: A profitable
            business. Producing an income: A profitable
            investment. (2) worth doing, useful: A profitable
            piece of research.
            profit and loss account accts. an accounting
            summary which is prepared for the purpose of
            calculating the net profit of the business before
            taxation, i.e. the gross profit (carried from the
            trading account) plus non-trading credits such
            as interest and discounts received, less the
            expenses of selling and of administering the

            wt et Oe a a

            - AF UN _— — *


                evince -p 426 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            business. Syn. gain and loss account; (U.S.A.)
            rofit and loss statement. Abbr. P. & L. a/c.
            profit and loss appropriation account see

            appropriation account.
            profit and loss on consignment account

            see consignment account. |
            rofit a prendre LAW a right to take something
            from another person's land, such as the right
            to collect firewood, to graze cattle, to catch fish
            and to hunt animals. Cf. easement.
            profit centre MAN. any part of an organization
            regarded as a separate trading unit, for which
            accounts are kept separately, and which may
            be expected to contribute a profit. If all of
            a company’s divisions are regarded as profit
            centres, any dealings between them will have
            to be costed and paid for through transfer
            pricing. Cf. cost centre.

            profiteer COM. a trader who makes excessive
            profits by charging unreasonably high prices
            when there is a shortage of a commodity at a
            time of national emergency, such as war or
            famine.

            v. to be a profiteer: Jf you continue to profiteer
            you will lose all your customers.

            profit forecast see forecast.

            profitgraph see break-even chart under break-
            even analysis.

            Profit Impact of Market Strategy an influ-
            ential and ongoing research project originally
            established by General Electric in the U.S.A.
            in the 1960s and now administered by the
            Strategic Planning Institute worldwide. The
            findings highlight factors that determine the
            different levels of profitability within and
            between industries. Abbr. P.I.M.S.

            profit margin see margin (3).

            profit motive ECON. the natural desire in
            human beings for wealth; the aim, that is
            believed and accepted by economists as being
            that of every entrepreneur, of making as much
            profit as possible.

            profit rate the net profit made by a business in
            a full year expressed as a percentage of the
            shareholders’ or stockholders’ equity. Abbr.
            P.R.

            profits INSCE. the amount by which a life
            insurance fund is greater than the total of its
            liabilities. These profits are shared among the
            holders of with-profits policies, usu. by adding
            a reversionary bonus to the sum insured when
            it is paid out. See with-profits policy under
            insurance policy.

            profit sharing MAN. an arrangement between
            the owners of a business and its employees by
            which an agreed share of the profit is paid to
            each employee over and above his wages or
            Salary.

            profit-sharing bond see under bond, n.

            profits policy see consequential loss policy
            under insurance policy.

            Pp

            prohibitive - 415

            profits tax see corporation tax under tax.

            profit taking sTK. EXCH. (1) selling securities
            now in order to make a profit while one can,
            because there are signs that the market price
            will fall. (2) selling by speculators of securities
            that have recently risen in price, to take the
            opportunity of making a quick profit.

            pro-forma invoice see under invoice.

            program n. COMP. a series of steps to be perform-
            ed by the computer to solve a given problem.
            v. to prepare a program for use in a computer.

            programmer COMP. a person qualified to plan
            the order of the steps that a computer must
            take to solve a particular problem. Some pro-
            grammers also produce the detailed directions,
            called coding, that tell the computer what it is
            to do at each step, using a machine language
            that the computer understands. Cf. systems
            analyst.

            programming language see assembly lan-
            guage under language.

            Programming Language 1 Comp. in computer
            programming, a language that combines the
            special points of commercial languages, esp.
            COBOL, with those of scientific languages,
            such as ALGOL. It can perform the mathemat-
            ical and scientific analysis now needed more
            and more in industry and commerce. Abbr.
            PL/1.

            progress chart see under chart.

            progress chaser IND. in the office of a factory,
            a person who is responsible for recording the
            progress of the work being done and for seeing
            that it is completed within the time set by a
            production programme.

            progress control see under control.

            progression see arithmetic(al) progression; geo-
            metric(al) progression; harmonic(al) pro-
            gression.

            progressive tax see under tax.

            progress payment IND. a payment, made
            under a contract, to the builders of a ship,
            house, road, etc. when each stage of the build-
            ing has been completed.

            progress report see under report.

            prohibit to forbid: Prohibited imports/exports,
            goods of which the import or export is forbid-
            den by law. Such goods are known as prohibited
            goods or prohibited articles.

            prohibition (1) the act of prohibiting, of forbid-
            ding. (2) LAW a law or order of a court forbid-
            ding a lower court or a minister or a
            government department from wrongly using
            the powers they hold from the State, such as
            acting against the rules of natural justice. (3) a
            law such as existed in the U.S.A. from 1919 to
            1933 and now exists in some other countries,
            forbidding the manufacture and sale of strong
            drink except for use as medicine.

            prohibitive tending to prohibit or forbid : Prohib-
            itive cost/price/expense, so high as to forbid the




                evince -p 427 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            416 ‘ project
            -_
            ro af 3
            7 ZX
            iam sar wu nm h oh
            emenaiiis * » bh j aioe
            Mi 2 ar *<
            Aye ris ve ery)
            Net - eu ‘ : 1] ‘ )
            : : pi Lé Vy
            rriat enre ral
            a ry walt :
            aia me | j Carers \ : ys . i 1) \ it
            proye we hat or for a mM ys Husiness
            : i: ry »% h 1a. 4 ot 5% Dee Ty 9 t i
            ; ry bh . ut’ — + fae bt i7G ¥ & 3 ;
            4 swag hy rhe ' - ' uf baal th
            { cat ; : ; sed . r ae est mn i} >
            : <r ‘| * om ' .
            seer? & Eh risen y
            ‘ % es ' a
            spec lTLEStei ; 1 » BILALL® Luk
            ital : ' gad
            , -¢ Evaluation and Review
            Prorpect ‘ —- Pee]
            J maih Aanaiys+
            4 a ZL 4 «7 i . , om &
            es ae i fae the fulur ‘j
            4 > ‘Ted | 1 i STV TPE A (aM Lore tM 4
            prope. | ’ ex pecteu extimateu
            os rw } LaF Sy veltietaaiiecs
            ; natn ihe |
            eine {from pres pOT Tie
            Kc RE BE 2 ota me
            oni ‘ ' ‘ c -j 7 : ' t
            ai r™ Edi da § FFE as

            project man agement MA’
            in managing a project. Project m
            ; { area of management theor)

            now a recognized | :
            slaces special importance on team wor

            tc tend to involve situations
            arrangements are not clearly
            be established

            ; ' 7 —
            the skills invoives

            anagement 15

            *

            and pia
            ing, since projec
            where reporting
            defined and procedures need to
            proletarian a member of the proletariat
            proletariat ECON. in Marxist theory, the social
            class that consists of workers who, not them-
            selves possessing any means of production,
            must sell the only saleable thing that they do
            possess, i.¢. their ability to work, receiving in
            return a wage; and who, in a capitalist indus-
            trial economy, have no choice other than to
            work for capitalists. See class struggle; dic-
            tatorship of the proletariat.

            PROLOG comp. a programming language based
            on the use of logic, i.e. the science of reasoning.
            Programs are made up of sentences containing
            a simple statement or a suggestion, from which
            the computer is able to reason what meaning
            is true and what is false. PROLOG will be
            much used in the new family of ‘intelligent’
            computers (those able to reason and under-
            stand) now being developed.

            promisee LAW a person to whom a promise is
            made. Cf. promiser.

            promiser a person who makes a promise. Cf.
            promiusee.

            promissory note FIN. a formal document, in
            writing, containing an unconditional promise,
            signed by the person making the note, to pay
            a certain sum of money to, or to the order of,
            a certain named person, or to the bearer of
            the document. Ordinary promissory notes are
            widely used in the U.S.A. banking system but
            are now seldom used in Britain. There are
            certain special kinds of promissory note in use
            in most countries, such as the bank-note, which
            unlike other promissory notes, can be issued
            again and again. See also collateral note:
            installment note (U.S.A.); judgment note. Cf.
            1.0.U. Syn. note of hand. Abbr. P/N; PLN.

            promoter see company promoter.

            Promotion (1) AaDvTG. « COM. activities aimed



            t J —o 2% .
            se the demand ioT a product.
            rel & + *® 3 : es |
            phods Suit hy ba puw ertul adver-

            icy 2TV4
            sales promod
            hy all useful me

            reonal pers ion of possible cus-
            at me. eA ’ sb? ' Ses
            .] ? winit phone yt Letter : ANnIDitions
            , §> | ew

            comers DY aoa
            a lemonstrations , COT Litions for

            displa , hohe ;
            fred sample ‘, :
            company promotion, t hye work

            trading stamps, ek
            prt i7t % 5

            i?) STR PXCH
            wel forme anew ' 5 ink 3
            | es sacee an increase in the rank and
            merle! { i} MATS ee pel |

            naibility oF an employee We have giver
            5 BH ; :

            ompany See COMPANY Pro-

            res
            ir Smith promonu
            cy ty? Spr advancement!

            ional budget Fin. 4 ADVTG. an accoun
            arryitip out an acvertis
            ase) the sales of

            an (p t Pre wrad af sales SUPE r

            promot
            of the probable cost of «

            ing plan to promote (inere

            product.
            promotion expen
            promotion money see under money

            prompt OOM, an agreement between a merchant
            and an importer by which the importer is
            allowed a period of time before he has to pay
            for a consignment of goods. A note called :
            prompt note is sent fo the importer to remind
            him shortly before the date when payment
            becomes due.

            prompt cash see under cash.

            Prompt Day COMMOD. EXCH. the day payment is
            due for goods bought at a commodity-exchange
            auction sale. This day may be only two weeks
            after a wool auction or as long as three months
            after a tea sale. Syn. Settling Day.

            proof of debt Law a document completed and
            signed by a creditor who makes a claim against
            the estate of a bankrupt person. It is in the
            form of an affidavit verifying (declaring the
            truth of) the debt, and is delivered to the
            official receiver or to a trustee if one has been
            appointed.

            proof of title Law proof by the person selling
            land that he has the title, ie. the right of
            ownership of that land, usu. contained in docu-
            ments called title-deeds.

            proof spirit a mixture of alcohol and water of
            a standard strength, measured by a specific
            gravity at 60°F of 0.9198 in Britain, and of
            0.9335 in U.S.A.
            prop. proprietor.
            propensity ECON. THEORY the natural tendency
            ee lg eae beings to act in certain
            ee aced with certain economic con-
            » 4S pointed out by Keynes in his General

            Theory of Employment. , :
            (1936). yment, Interest and Money

            ee to consume the relation between the
            ze ol consumers’ incomes and the amount

            oe spend on consumption goods. Keynes
            howed that when income increases or de-

            ses see formation Cxpenses

            cr

            ase spending on consumption goods will
            crease or decrease too, but not usu. in pro-

            portion to the increase or decrease in income.


                evince -p 428 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            the relation between chan- pl
            in the national income and changes in
            ane on imports. In Britain, 1 the past,

            se r decrease in the national income _ pt

            has resulted ‘n less than proportionate increase pi
            or decrease In impo

            rts, but in the U.S.A. the
            s been true.

            PP > invest the willingness of private pi

            & oducers (not public authorities) to invest in

            capital goods. This willingness 1s determined

            mainly by profitability of the investment in

            capital goods as compared with current rates P
            sf interest. The lower the interest rates are, the
            higher the amount that will be invested in
            capital goods.

            ropensity to save the willingness of consumers P

            to hold back from spending under certain con-
            ditions, thus enlarging that part of income that

            | ‘s not consumed but is saved. p

            | propertied possessing much property, esp. land. p

            property Law (1) any thing that has value and
            can be owned, including things having sub-
            stance such as land, houses, furniture, money,
            jewels, and mere rights such as a right to
            receive money, a copyright, a patent. (2) a fp
            right of ownership: Who has the property inthe Pp

            | land/copyright/goods ?

            artistic property see intellectual property below.

            | freehold property land that is owned absolutely,

            i.e. free of payment or duty to other persons.

            | Cf. leasehold property; real property.

            | immovable property see real property below.

            industrial property patents, industrial designs

            and trade-marks. c

            intellectual property copyright in ideas ex-

            |

            propensity to import

            pressed in literary or artistic form. Sometimes
            industrial property (see above) is also regarded
            as intellectual because it, too, is a product of

            | the mind.

            leasehold property land and buildings held on
            lease, i.e. with the right to possess and use
            them for a stated period in return for payment
            of a premium or rent. Cf. freehold property.

            Syn. chattel real.
            literary property see intellectual property above.

            | movable property see separate entry.

            ; personal property LAW any property other than |

            | real property. It consists of chattels real (lease-
            holds) and chattels personal, also called pure
            personalty.
            private property land belonging to a private |
            owner, not to the public or to the State.
            public property land and buildings that are |
            owned by the State or by local government
            authorities for public use, such as parks, public
            gardens and playing-fields, hospitals, schools,
            museums and other public buildings.
            real property Law freehold land and certain
            rights over land belonging to others. All other
            property, including leasehold land, is personal
            Property. Syn. immovable property; real estate.

            y, a:
            SS ee


            proprietary rights - 417

            ‘operty and liability insurance (U.S.A.) seé
            casualty insurance under insurance, classes and
            kinds of.
            roperty bond see under bond, n.
            roperty-casualty insurance see casualty
            ‘nsurance under insurance, classes and kinds
            of.
            roperty company COM. & STK. EXCH. a com-
            pany that buys and sells land and buildings
            and lets property on lease as its main business
            activity.
            roperty development building, or rebuild-
            ing, shops, houses, offices, etc. on land in such
            a way as to improve greatly the usefulness of
            the land and its value as an investment.
            roperty register LAW in Britain, a record
            of the exact details of a property that has a
            registered title. See Land Registry.
            roperty tax see under tax.
            roportion, the BKG. the relation between the
            total of the Bank of England's cash reserve of
            notes and coin, and the Bank’s liabilities to the
            public in the form of deposits, expressed as a
            percentage. See bank return.
            roportional tax see under tax.
            roposal INSCE. a printed form filled in and
            handed to an insurer by a proposer, a person
            intending to effect an insurance. The form
            gives the insurer the information he needs
            so that he can decide whether to accept the
            proposed insurance, and if so, what rate of
            premium to charge. The form is usu. a list of
            questions with spaces for writing the answers.
            yroposer (1) INSCE. see proposal. (2) MAN. at a
            formal meeting, the person who formally puts
            a motion to the meeting. He has the right to
            speak first in any discussion of that motion and
            to speak again at the end, immediately before
            a vote is taken. See also seconder.
            roposition (1) a proposed plan, esp. for a
            business venture that needs to be considered:
            This scheme is not a workable/economic/financial
            proposition, it will not be profitable. A good
            business proposition. (2) a business offer: A prop-
            osition for the supply of 1000 tons of coal per
            month.
            oroprietary adj. of or relating to a proprietor.
            ‘i a group or association of proprietors. Abbr.
            ply.
            proprietary company see under company.
            proprietary insurance see under insurance,
            classes and kinds of.
            ee IND. & COM. a product
            produced and sold by the proprietor
            (owner) of a right, such as a patent for a
            medicine, that prevents other producers from
            making or selling the product. A proprietary
            brand/formula/medicine.
            proprietary rights Law rights of ownership,
            esp. in landed property and patent, trade-mark,
            brand name and similar commercial rights.


            Ve cit ema, Saleen beat SPE = eae tea oS




                evince -p 429 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            418 - proprietor

            he owner of land and buildings.
            of a business, esp. of a hotel,
            paper. (3) the owner of a
            ther legal right such as a
            ark. Abbr. prop.
            separate entry.
            and only owner of a

            proprietor (i) t
            (2) the owner
            restaurant, OF news
            copyright, patent or ©
            brand name or trade-m
            registered — see

            rietor the one , + of
            Sa He provides all the capital, bears all

            the risk, and in return receives all the profits.
            Such a concern is called a one-man business,
            although the proprietor may employ a number
            of people. Syn. owner-manager.
            proprietorship register LAW in Britain, a rec-
            ord of the registered owner of a property,
            his name, address, and the price at which he
            bought the property. See Land Registry.
            pro rata (Latin, in proportion) at a certain rate:
            Profits are divided among members pro rata to
            the number of shares they hold, in proportion to
            their relative shareholding, or at a certain rate
            per share.
            pro rata condition see average clause.
            pros and Cons See pro.
            prosecute LAW (1) to cause a person to be
            charged with a criminal offence in a court of
            law. (2) to direct a case against a person being
            tried in a court of law by being a prosecutor.
            prosecution LAw (1) the act and process of
            prosecuting a person. (2) the lawyers or other
            court officers responsible for stating the case
            against the accused person at a trial. (3) the
            authority that prosecutes, usu. the State or
            Crown on behalf of the public.
            prospect 7. (1) something that may be expected:
            There is a prospect of a large order from Saudi
            Arabia. We see little prospect of making a profit
            this year. A prospect of finding oil. (2) COM.
            (collog.) a possible customer; a prospective
            buyer. Pron. prospect.
            v. to search/explore a region for minerals: They
            are prospecting for oil/gold in the desert. Pron.
            prospéct.
            prospective expected in the future; probable:
            A prospective member of the board/of Parliament.
            A prospective buyer. Prospective yield, see under
            yield.
            prospector a person who explores a region,
            searching for gold, oil or other minerals.
            prospects p/. (1) FIN. & COM. expectations; the
            future outlook: The business prospects are good/
            poor/bad. (2) MAN. expectations of success: That
            young manager has good prospects, he is
            expected to be very successful in his job.
            prospectus (1) INSCE. a printed paper, some-
            times part of a proposal form, giving infor-
            mation about the kinds of cover obtainable
            from the insurers, and the premium rates of
            each. (2) STK. EXCH. a document inviting the
            public to buy a new issue of shares, stock or
            debentures in a public company stating the
            terms, and giving certain information required

            by law. (3) ADVTG. a leaflet or other printeg
            paper giving information about a product o;
            service, such as a book, a hotel, a school.
            prosper to grow; to become rich; to be succes.
            sful: The company has prospered under his chair.
            manship. Syn. thrive.
            prosperous adj. successful, having good for-
            tune: A prosperous business/year/man.
            prosperity a state of being rich, of having good
            fortune and success, esp. in financial matters.
            prostitute a person who, in return for money,
            is willing to join in immoral behaviour.
            protected bear see covered bear.
            protected imports see under imports.
            protection (1) ECON. action by a government to
            protect its producers against competition from
            foreign producers, by forbidding imports of
            certain goods or by placing protective import
            duties on such goods. See anti-dumping. (2)
            INSCE. insurance cover. (3) (collog.) money paid
            by a shopkeeper, club owner or other business-
            man to avoid being attacked by criminals.
            protection and indemnity club MAR. INSCE.
            an association of shipowners who form a fund
            of money to pay for losses against which the
            members cannot insure in the marine insurance
            market.
            protectionism ECON. & COM. (1) a system of
            import duties and exchange and other controls
            that protects producers in the home country
            against competition from foreign producers.
            (2) the ideas taught and practised by protec-
            tionists. Cf. liberalization.
            protectionist ECON. adj. of action by a govern-
            ment, to protect home producers from foreign
            competition.
            nm. @ person who supports protective action
            against imports.
            protective duty/tariff see under duty.
            pro tem (Latin: pro tempore) for the present
            (time); temporarily: We are working here pro
            tem because our new offices are not yet ready.
            protest n. (1) BKG. & LAW a formal declaration
            in writing made by a notary, or other person
            lawfully acting as notary, attesting (witnessing
            and recording) the dishonour of a bill of ex-
            change or promissory note. This is a legal step
            taken by the notary after noting the bill or
            promissory note. See noting; acceptance supra
            protest. (2) LAW expressed unwillingness: A
            payment under protest, a payment made unwill-
            ingly by a person who states that he is not
            bound to pay and that he intends to claim the
            return of the money. Pron. protest.
            U. BKG. & LAW to make a solemn declaration
            that a bill of exchange or promissory note has
            been dishonoured. See noting. Pron. protést.
            protest, captain's see under captain.
            protocol comp. the set of rules governing the
            format in which data may be input into a


                evince -p 430 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &



            | computer, so that it can communicate with
            another computer.
            roven reserves see under reserves. |
            rovide against/for FIN. & ACCTS. to arrange
            | "+4 advance, esp. for money to be ready for a
            | particular purpose, such as for buying a new
            | machine to replace an existing machine when
            | ‘+ wears out. To provide for depreciation/income
            tax/bad and doubtful debts. Syn. to make pro-
            vision against/for. agi
            provided that LAW on condition that; on the
            understanding that.
            provident fund FIN. & MAN. a fund set up by
            a government or a private organization and
            administered by trustees for the benefit of all
            the employees of the organization. The purpose
            of the fund is to make the employee save some
            of his current income for the future, and to
            make the employer provide for the employee
            after his retirement. As a condition of his
            contract of employment, a percentage (often
            | 64%) of the employee’s pay, and a similar or
            larger sum as a contribution by the employer,
            are paid, usu. monthly, into the employee’s
            account with the fund during the whole of
            the employee’s service. The trustees invest the
            money. During this time the employee may
            borrow from the fund, repaying the loan by
            instalments kept back from his pay. When the
            employee leaves his service, he has the right
            to receive the whole of the amount standing to
            the credit of his account with the fund, usu.
            with interest. In some countries provident fund
            | schemes are preferred to pension schemes.
            | provident society see industrial and provident
            society.
            province (1) an important administrative or
            historical division, or a natural region, of a
            country. (2) those parts of a country other than
            the area in which the capital city lies: Prices
            in London tend to be higher than in the provinces.
            We are opening branches in the provinces.
            provincial adj. The provincial cities/branches.
            proving a debt see proof of debt.
            proving a will see probate.
            provision (1) FIN. & ACCTS. (a) the act of provid-
            ing (by setting aside money from profits) for
            the replacement of assets and for the reduction
            in their value, for bad and doubtful debts and
            for other liabilities that cannot be determined
            with accuracy. (See provide against/for.) (b)
            the amount of money required for this. Cf.
            reserve. (2) LAW a proviso. (3) a clause (in a
            law) that deals with a particular matter: There
            iS @ provision in the Act for punishing habitual
            | offenders.
            provisions pl. COM. stocks or supplies of food;
            Eroceriés: A provisions dealer/merchant, one
            dealing in foods such as butter, cheese. eggs
            and fruit.

            Provisional invoice see under invoice.

            a

            public - 419

            proviso (1) LAW a clause in a contract or deed
            that introduces a condition. Such clauses usu.
            begin with the words provided always that. (2)
            INSCE. see clause (2).

            prox. proximo.

            proximate cause LAW & INSCE. the immediate
            cause of an event or chain of events. Cf. remote
            cause. |

            proximo see date. Abbr. prox.

            proxy STK. EXCH. & MAN. (1) a written authority
            from a shareholder in a company giving power
            to another person to attend and vote on his
            behalf at a company meeting. (2) the person
            thus given power.
            general proxy one that gives the proxy power
            to act at a number of meetings of the company.
            special proxy one that gives power to the proxy
            to act at one particular meeting only.

            P.R.T. petroleum revenue tax.

            prudence ACCTSs. a basic accounting concept
            that where different valuations are possible, the
            lowest should always be taken. Accordingly,
            assets are always valued at the lower of possible
            cost and net realizable values, possible losses
            are always accounted for but possible gains
            never are. Syn. (U.S.A.) conservatism.

            PS. postscript, p/. PSS.

            P.S.B.R. public sector borrowing requirement.

            P.S.E. Pacific Stock Exchange.

            P.S.L. public sector loan(s); private sector
            liquidity.

            P.S.T. Pacific Standard Time.

            P.S.V. public-service vehicle.

            psychographics a method of classifying con-
            sumers according to their values or lifestyle,
            rather than by demographic factors such as
            age, sex, occupation, etc. See also lifestyle.

            psychology see industrial psychology.

            Pt. point; port.

            pt. part; payment; pint; point; port.

            P.T. perte totale; purchase tax.

            p.t. part time.

            Pte. Private (limited company).

            P.T.O. please turn over. |

            Pty. proprietary (company).

            p.u. paid up.

            pub (collog.) public house.

            eee eee publisher.

            public adj. (1) of or relating to, : ;
            The public good, the as i — "=
            heros tee the public interest, for the benefit of

            ve :

            as ae ae ae a
            official/building/highway. Abbr. pub, (3) stK.
            EXCH. to go public, to change from being a |
            private to a public limited company. |
            n. (1) the people who make up the community
            or nation: The British public. (2) a class or group
            of people having a common quality or interest:
            The reading/ theatre-going/sporting public. In pub-


                evince -p 431 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            420 - public account

            lic. with members of the public present. Opp.

            in private. ae allt
            obi account BKG. a bank account for public
            Oe such as those of collectors of taxes,

            government departments and local govern-

            ment authorities. ‘s ek
            public accountant see certified accountant.

            Abbr. P.A. . | |
            Public Accounts Committee (P.A.C.) FIN.

            in Britain, a committee of the House of Com-
            mons that is responsible for checking that
            public money is being properly spent. With
            the help of the Audit Office, the committee
            examines cases of waste and inefficiency by
            government departments and its reports to the
            House of Commons are made known to the
            public.
            publican com. an innkeeper, esp. a person who
            owns or manages a public house. He is some-
            times also called the /andlord.
            public analyst IND. a person skilled in chemical
            analysis who provides a service to the public
            by checking the composition of materials and
            products.
            publication (1) the act of making public, of
            publishing. (2) a published book, Magazine or
            newspaper. Abbr. pubn.
            publication advertising see under advertising.
            public carrier see contract carrier under carrier.
            public company see public limited company
            under company.
            public corporation IND. & CoM. (1) in Britain,
            a state-owned organization that manages a
            nationalized industry, such as British Airways,
            the British Gas Corporation, the Central Elec-
            tricity Generating Board and the National
            Coal Board; or a public service, such as the
            Post Office and the British Broadcasting Cor-
            poration. (2) in U.S.A., any corporation (com-
            pany) in which the government owns a
            controlling interest.
            public debt see national debt.
            public deposits FIN. & BKG. in the Bank of
            England return, the balances of the accounts
            at the Bank of England of British government
            departments.
            public enterprise see under enterprise.
            public examination Law in Britain, a public
            meeting which a debtor who has been declared
            bankrupt must attend and at which he may be
            questioned by his creditors and by the official
            receiver or trustee concerning the causes of
            his bankruptcy and the details given in his
            Statement of affairs. |
            public expenditure see under expenditure.
            public finance FIN. & ECON. THEORY the study of
            how central and local government authorities
            obtain and spend public money, and of the
            effect of these activities on the economy as a
            whole. The subject includes the examination of
            ‘ax systems, the management of the monetary

            system and the national debt, the allocation of
            funds between the public and private S€ctors,
            and the general growth of economic activity.
            public funds see national debt. as
            public house COM. & TOUR. in Britain, an inn:
            a building with rooms called bars where adult
            members of the public can buy drinks and
            simple meals. Lodgings may be obtainable
            Abbr. (collog.) pub. | |
            public investment see under investment.
            public issue see under issue of securities.
            publicist see press agent. | |
            publicity apvTG. (1) the business of attracting
            public attention and of encouraging generg|
            feelings of goodwill towards a product or ser.
            vice in order to sell it: Miss Robinson is iy
            charge of publicity. She is the Publicity Manager
            and head of the Publicity Department which prod-
            uces our publicity material. Our rivals employ a
            publicity agent who runs a publicity bureau. (2)
            public notice: The reviews are giving the book
            valuable publicity. The publicity in the press has
            increased sales tenfold. Cf. public relations.
            publicize ADVTG. to advertise; to make known
            to the public.
            public law LAw that branch of the law that
            controls relations between a private citizen
            and the State. It includes criminal law and
            constitutional law. Cf. private law.
            public liability policy see professional indem-
            nity policy under insurance policy.
            public limited company see under company.
            Abbr. P.L.C.; PLC; ple.
            publicly traded fund see under mutual fund.
            public monopoly see under monopoly.
            public nuisance see under nuisance.
            public opinion the opinion that most people in
            a community hold on a certain subject; the
            balance of opinion of a wide section of the
            public.
            public ownership ownership by the State.
            public power see under power.
            public property see under property.
            Public Prosecutions, Director Of see Di-
            rector of Public Prosecutions.
            Public Prosecutor see Director of Public Pros-
            écutions.
            public relations ADVTG. the business of form-
            ing and preserving in the eyes of the public an
            attractive image of a person or organization.
            Cf. publicity. Abbr, P.R.
            public sale see auction.
            public sector Econ. in a mixed economy, that
            part of the economy that is owned and operated
            by government authorities and public corpor-
            ations. Cf. corporate sector; personal sector:
            private sector.
            public sector borrowing requirement Pus.
            FIN. in Britain, the amount of money that the
            government needs to borrow in order to fill


                evince -p 432 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &


            |


            ‘ts budget deficit. See deficit financing. Abbr.

            aa wane any person who is in ro ce
            ¢ the government. If he serves the centra

            Loe enE he is called, in Britain, a Civil

            Sermants and if he serves a local government

            authority he is known as a local government

            officer or local government employee. |

            public-service vehicle TRANSPT. any road
            vehicle that is licensed to carry passengers for
            -eward, such as a taxi, bus or motor coach.
            Abbr. P.S.V.

            public trust see charitable trust. |

            public trustee LAw in Britain, an official of the
            State whom any member of the public may
            appoint as executor, administrator or trustee
            of estates, as guardian of infants, and as trustee
            of a variety of other trusts. The main advantage
            of using his services is that his office is a
            corporation sole and he is therefore a trustee
            who will never become too ill to work, and will
            never go abroad, or die.

            public utilities IND. industrial organizations
            that provide the public with essential goods
            and services such as electricity, gas, water,
            transport by bus, rail and air. Such industries
            are usu. monopolies and, in many countries,
            are under state ownership or control.

            public utility company see under company.

            public utility services see supply services
            under services.

            public works ECON. & FIN. the building of roads,
            schools, hospitals and other works on a large
            scale by governments; an attempt to provide
            useful work in periods of high unemployment,
            when private investment is usu. too low to
            have any real effect on employment.

            publish com. (1) to make known, to issue to the
            public, esp. by printing copies for sale, a book,
            magazine, newspaper, report, map, accounts,
            etc. Published (company) accounts/balance sheet,
            those that have been printed and circulated,
            esp. to the company’s shareholders. (2) to place
            on sale on a certain day, called publication
            day, a book, magazine, etc. Abbr. pub.

            published price see under price.

            publisher com. & IND. (1) a person or organiza-
            tion carrying on a business of publishing books,
            magazines, etc. (2) in U.S.A., the owner of a
            newspaper. Abbr. pub.; pubr.

            publishing com. & IND. the business of a pub-
            lisher, also called a publishing house. Cf. publi-
            cation.

            publishing agreement Law a contract
            between a publisher and one or more authors
            (writers of books) for the publication of a book
            or series of books.

            pubn. publication.

            pubr. publisher.

            P.U.D. planned unit development.

            puff aDvT. (collog.) advertisement, esp. praise of

            p


            GGT
            ger. = _ = "es ee ae eee ee —— ; . -

            purchases book - 421

            a product or service in a newspaper or maga-
            zine article.

            ugri, pugree see key money.

            uisne mortgage see under mortgage.

            ukka in India and Pakistan, real; true; of good
            quality; made to last: A pukka road, one with
            a hard surface. A pukka house, a well-built
            house, made to last a long time. Opp. kutcha.
            ull (collog.) personal influence, esp. when used
            to obtain some advantage or favour: Mr Smith
            has some pull in the ministry/with the council.
            pull-in, pull-up a safe stopping-place for road
            vehicles. )

            to pull in money to earn money quickly.
            ullman car see under car. }

            ull strategy an approach to selling goods
            through a distribution channel where the
            manufacturer aims marketing activity at the
            end consumer, thus creating demand which
            will ‘pull’ goods through the distribution sys-
            tem. Cf. push strategy.

            ump-priming see deficit financing. |
            unch an instrument used in offices for making
            neat holes in paper, card, etc. Also called a
            paper-punch or letter-punch.

            unched-card system comp. a method of
            feeding information into a computer by using
            cards in which small holes are punched in
            various combinations or patterns by a pun-
            ched-card operator. The holes cause small elec-
            tric currents to operate the input section of the
            computer. A similar system is 1n use, using
            punched paper tape instead of cards.

            inched paper tape see punched-card system.
            ancheon a large barrel holding various
            amounts of liquid, from 72 to about 112 gal.
            (327 to 509 1).

            inter (1) a person who lives by betting on the
            results of horse races. A professional gambler.
            (2) STK. EXCH. a person who gambles in securit-
            ies in the hope of making quick profits.

            ir. purchase.

            irchase v. to buy; to get, obtain, in exchange
            for money or other valuable goods.

            n. (1) the act of purchasing, of buying. (2) a
            thing bought. Abbr. pur.

            purchases pl. those goods that a business buys
            with the intention of selling by way of trade,
            not goods bought for use by the business.
            irchase money see under money.

            irchase order see under order.

            irchase price see under price.

            irchaser a buyer.

            irchases account ACCTs. the account in the
            purchases (or bought) ledger into which are
            posted, on the debit side, periodical totals of
            entries in the purchases day book.

            irchases book ACCTS. a book of prime entry,
            being that section of the day book in which a
            listing is made daily of all goods bought on
            credit by the business. Each entry is posted



                evince -p 433 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            422 - purchases day book

            e supplier’s account in the
            edger, and totals are
            ically to the debit side of the

            t in that ledger. Cf. sales
            book; bought book;

            qa credit to th

            3 bought) |

            purchases (or
            posted period
            chases accoun

            pur |
            , *hases day |
            oa tay book! purchases journal; bought
            U :
            art book see purchases book.

            purchases day
            purchase(s) invo
            purchases journa

            rchases ledger see ledger.
            purchases returns book ACCcTS. a book of first

            . which a listing is made of goods
            ec the suppliers. Each entry is debited
            in the account of the supplier, and totals are
            posted periodically to the credit of the pur-
            chases returns account. Syn. purchases returns
            journal; returns outwards book.

            purchase tax see under tax.
            purchase, years’ see years’ purchase.
            purchasing MAN. & IND. the work of buying the
            materials needed to manufacture the products
            of a business and the goods needed to operate
            it. Syn. procurement.
            purchasing agent see buying agent.
            purchasing officer see materials buyer.
            purchasing power ECON. (1) of persons, the
            public, having the money to buy goods and
            services. Syn. spending power. (2) of money,
            the amount of goods and services that money
            can buy at a given time. This power varies in
            the opposite direction to changes in the level
            of prices, 1.e. when prices rise, the purchasing
            power of money falls. Syn. buying power.
            purchasing power parity ECON. THEORY the
            theory (not accepted by some economists) put
            forward by Gustav Cassel in 1916 that the rate
            of exchange between two currencies which are
            not both on a metallic standard is related to the
            degree of purchasing power of each currency
            in its own country. At any given time, the
            purchasing power parity between two countries
            is that rate of exchange at which the price of
            a basket (a specially-chosen collection) of goods
            is the same in both countries. Therefore, if the
            rates over a period of time are compared,
            they reflect differences in inflation rates. This
            comparison is usu. made by relating each rate
            to that of a base year which is given the value
            of 100. Abbr. P.P.P.
            pure competition see under competition.
            pure economics see economic theory.
            pure interest see gross interest under interest.
            pure profit see under profit.
            purloin to steal, esp. things of little value that
            the thief wants to keep for his own use: Some-
            body has purloined my pen. Cf. abstract: em-
            bezzle.
            Purse (1) a small bag, usu. of leather, for carrying
            money in a pocket or handbag. (2) the sum of
            money in such a bag, esp. when given as a

            ice see under invoice.
            | see purchases book.

            the purse-strings, to have
            an eee ni in a family. Purse-
            sg este ‘velv proud of one’s wealth. (3) in
            proud, excessive yP
            U.S.A., a woman $s handbag.
            Purse, Privy see under Privy.
            purser SHIPG. in a large ship, an officer respon-
            sible for looking after money and keeping the
            accounts. In a passenger-Carrying vessel he is
            responsible also for the care and comfort of
            ssengers. 5
            aa ae in Scotland, a plaintiff.
            purvey COM. to provide for sale food, drink and
            other consumable goods needed by households,
            purveyor (1) COM. a person who owns a grocery
            business, usu. on a large scale. (2) a person
            who provides news by word of mouth.
            push v. (1) COM. to press, urge, people to buy a
            product. See share-pushing. (2) to peddle drugs.
            (3) (collog.) To be pushed, to be short of money
            or time or materials.
            n. (collog.) (1) dismissal: To get the push, to be
            dismissed from employment. To give someone
            the push, to dismiss him. Syn. boot; kick; sack.
            (2) determination, energy, esp. 1n business.
            push strategy an approach to selling goods
            through a distribution channel where the
            manufacturer concentrates marketing activity
            on the distributor through trade discounts,
            advertising allowances, etc. The aim is to
            obtain high levels of availability, hoping that
            sales will follow. Cf. pull strategy.
            put STK. & COMMOD. EXCH. a right to sell (a
            stated number of securities or quantity of a
            commodity) at a stated price and date. See put
            option under option. Opp. call.
            put option see under option.
            puts put options.
            put-through deal sTK. EXCH. a large deal
            between a buyer and a seller, through a jobber,
            at an agreed price that is well below the current
            market price. In Britain such deals are not
            allowed by the rules of the Exchange and are
            usu. kept secret.
            P.V. petite vitesse.
            p.v.t. par voie télégraphique.
            Pp.w. per week.
            P.W.L.B. Public Works Loan Board.
            pwt. pennyweight.
            P.X. private exchange.

            Pyramiding (1) FIN. & STK. EXCH. taking finan-
            cial advantage of the relatively small amount
            of capital needed by those who hold the power

            of controlling

            a group of companies. This is
            because one needs only just over half the voting
            shares to control the holding company which,
            in turn, needs to own only just over half the
            voting shares in all its subsidiary companies to
            be in control of them. (2) TAXN. the placing of
            a tax on an article or commodity at an early
            Stage in its manufacture, with the result that


            —————

            hE ~
            ja

                evince -p 434 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            the tax becomes part of the basis on which, at
            the next stage, more tax is payable, and so on.

            mid selling see under selling.

            pyr’ ture see hierarchical structure.

            Q

            qanat AGR. a man-made underground water
            channel orig. in ancient Persia (Iran) but still
            found widely in Morocco, Cyprus and other
            Mediterranean and Arabian countries. Syn.
            (Oman) falaj.

            Q.B. Queen’s Bench.

            Q.C. Queen’s Counsel; quality control.

            qity. quality.

            qr. quarter; quire.

            gt. quart.

            qto. quarto.

            qtr. quarter.

            quad., quadr., quadrupl. quadruplicate.

            quadratic mean an average arrived at by
            adding together the squares of all the individual
            quantities, dividing by the number of quantit-
            ies and taking the square root of the result.
            Example: to find the quadratic mean of 3, 5,
            7, add the squares, 32 + 52 + 72 = 9 + 25
            + 49 = 83. Then divide by 3 (the number of
            quantities) 83/3 = 27.667 of which the Square
            root is 5.26. The quadratic mean is higher than
            the arithmetic mean (5.0), the geometric mean
            (4.75) and the harmonic mean (4.44).

            quadruplicate a fourth copy: Jn quadruplicate,
            four copies exactly the same, or an original
            document with three (carbon) copies. Cf. dup
            licate, triplicate, etc. Abbr. quad. ; quadr. ; quad-
            rupl.

            qualification share see under share.

            qualified acceptance see under acceptance (5).

            qualified endorsement see under endorse-
            ment.

            qualitative research market research aimed
            to uncover attitudes, perceptions, images,
            motivations and other marketing forces which
            cannot be expressed in numbers. This type of
            research usu. centres around group discussion
            or personal interviews. Cf. quantitative re-
            search.

            quality assurance IND. the work of highly
            skilled experts in testing and reporting on the
            quality of materials and work in a product.

            quality circle QUAL. CONT. a group of six or
            seven employees from the same part of a fac-
            tory who meet regularly under a leader to
            discuss methods of working that affect the
            quality of the product and to Suggest changes.
            Also quality control circle.

            Quality control see under control, Abbr. Q.C.

            quality management MAN. the management


            of systems designed to maintain and improve


            quarantine - 423

            the quality of the goods produced. In the 1980s
            quality management has moved away from
            post-production inspection systems to methods
            that seek to ensure that no faults occur in the
            first place.

            quality, merchantable see merchantable (2).

            quality of work life MAN. the level of satisfac-
            tion and fulfilment an employee gets from his
            or her work. Abbr. Q.W.L.

            quango (collog.) in Britain, a group of persons
            some of whom are not Civil Servants but who
            are appointed by a government minister and
            are given powers for the use of which they are
            not directly responsible to Parliament. The
            word quango, of U.S.A. origin, is a short form
            of quasi-autonomous non-governmental organi-
            zation. Example: the Price Commission.

            quantitative research market research whose
            results can be expressed as statistics, e.g. sales
            volumes, market shares, market penetration.
            Cf. qualitative research.

            quantity discount see under discount.

            Quantity Equation see Fisher Equation.

            quantity index see under index number(s).

            quantity rebate see quantity discount under
            discount.

            quantity surveyor IND. a person skilled in
            calculating the probable cost of materials and
            labour needed for a new building. See bill of
            quantities. |

            Quantity Theory of Money Econ. THEORY the
            basic concept (idea) of the classical economists
            that the general level of prices is related to the
            quantity of money; that if the quantity of
            money in an economy is increased, money
            becomes less scarce, its value falls and prices
            rise. Irving Fisher argued that although this
            is true in theory, the position is much more
            complicated in practice, because other infu-
            ences are affected by a rise in the quantity of
            money, such as the velocity (speed) of circu-
            lation of money and the total volume of goods
            and services; and these too have an influence
            on the general level of prices. See Fisher Equa-
            tion; also Friedman, Milton.

            quantum FIN. a particular quantity or amount,
            esp. a value expressed as an amount of money,
            not as a proportion or percentage of a larger
            amount: The quantum of net profit was £1 mil-
            lion, or 20% of turnover. The quantum of interest
            due is £2000, being that earned on £20,000 at
            10%.

            quantum meruit LAW (Latin, as much as he
            deserved) (1) a sum sufficient to reward a sup-
            plier of goods or services ordered by another
            party when no price or charge was agreed
            before the order was placed. (2) a sum sufficient
            to reward a party for the work he had done
            under a contract before it was breached by
            another party.

            quarantine sHIPG., (1) the isolation (separation)


                evince -p 435 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            424 - quarry |
            of a ship

            é ities,
            he health author! ae
            and all persons on board her, eae fe
            spread of infectious disease. (2) : c = ahs
            this isolation. See certificate of pratique,
            art where stone 1s dug or cut

            a place
            uarry IND. 4 place
            : from the surface of the aoe ae
            -_4 cor and dry measure, abv | u
            uart in corn an oe ae ner
            ; measure, two pints or 4 quarter of an imper

            = |.136 litre. Abdr. at.

            by order of t

            allon low E
            baci (1) FIN. in U.S.A. and Canada, a _
            of value 25 cents, i.e. a quarter of a dollar. (2)

            wa period of 13 weeks or a quarter of a
            as See quarter-day. (3) a weight of 28 SS
            (12.70 kg) or a quarter of a hundredweight. (4)
            a length of 9 inches (0.229 m) or a quarter of
            a yard. (5) a volume, esp. of corn, of 8 bushels
            or 64 gallons (290.94 1). Abbr. qr.; qtr. (6) SHIPG.
            the side of a ship between her middle and her
            stern: On the port quarter, ina direction to the
            left and behind the ship. Quarter-deck, a deck
            sometimes reserved for officers, usu. part of the
            upper deck near the stern.

            quarterage FIN. any regular payment made
            quarterly (four times a year), such as some
            rents, pensions, allowances and interest.
            quarter-day LAW in Britain, one of the four
            days in the year on which quarterly payments
            become due, esp. for rent, and when tenancies
            begin and end. The days are: in England and
            Wales, Lady Day (25 March), Midsummer (24
            June), Michaelmas (29 September), and
            Christmas (25 December); in Scotland, Candle-
            mas (2 February), Whitsun (15 May), Lammas
            (1 August), and Martinmas (11 November).
            Syn. term days.
            quarterly adj. (1) happening four times a year,
            i.e. once a quarter or every 13 weeks. See
            quarter-day. (2) ACCTS. Quarterly accounts/
            balance/audit, made or made up to the end of
            a quarter.
            n. @ magazine, journal, etc. published once
            every quarter, or four times a year.
            quartiles in a set of variables arranged in increas-
            ing or decreasing order of value, the value of
            the variable that is midway between the
            median (the value in the middle of the order)
            and the highest variable (upper quartile) or
            between the median and the lowest variable
            (lower quartile). See decile; median. Cf. mode;
            percentile.
            quarto (1) a size of writing paper 10 in. x 8 in.
            (254 mm x 203 mm). (2) any sheet of paper
            folded twice to give four leaves, or a book of
            this size. Abbr. 4to.: qto.
            — _ ae natone by a court of law, to
            Court of Appeal quashed the convict nj.
            prisoner was set free. ceerrahasine

            quasi- prefix (Latin, as if it were), apparently

            but not really, or not wholly, so: Quasi-judicial

            Ob 84 82 Ff

            e that of a judge but in
            fot See vee ne ee o organization not part
            e ie acme under contract. —
            pea delict LAW in Scotland, a civil wrong or
            aera’ 2 resulting from failure to perform a legal
            aut to take care. Syn. ee.
            quasi-money ee rip under money.
            as saitanses a port, harbour, river or
            arr! \ Kaan where ships can tie up to the shore
            to load and unload cargo. Syn. dockside; quay-
            side: berth; wharf. Pron. kee. i
            quayage sHIPG. the charge made by port 7h
            orities for the use of quays. Syn. quay dues.
            Pron. keyij.
            quay port see ae port.
            bec, Canada. |
            sae, Bench see Court of Queen’s Bench.
            a pe ob LAW in Britain, a barrister
            who has been appointed by the Lord Chancel-
            lor to take precedence over other barristers,
            i.e. to become a /eader at the bar. Cf. junior
            (1) Abbr. Q.C.
            queen’s enemies INSCE & TRANSPT. (loss by)
            enemy action, one of the excepted perils which
            are stated in ordinary insurance policies and
            contracts of carriage as risks not covered by
            the policy and for which the carriers are not
            liable. See also enemy.
            qgueen’s shilling see king’s shilling.
            jyueen’s warehouse see under warehouse.
            yueer street FIN. (collog.) a state of financial
            difficulty: To be in queer street, to be in financial
            trouble, known to be in debt and probably
            about to be made bankrupt.
            query (1) a question; an enquiry. (2) an uncer-
            tainty or doubt: J will pay the invoice when my
            query on it has been settled, when my question
            about the correctness of some part of the in-
            voice has been cleared. Abbr. qy.; Qy.
            juestionable (1) of doubtful honesty or moral-
            ity: Questionable practices/deals/transactions.
            (2) doubtful, uncertain: Jt is questionable
            whether we shall make a profit on this contract.
            juestion mark MAN. a product or business with
            a low relative market share in a high-growth
            market. Management therefore has to decide

            whether it needs further investment to develop

            into a more competitive product or business.
            See also growth/share matrix. Syn. problem
            child.
            juestionnaire a printed list of questions used
            “sp. In consumer research to obtain infor-

            mation about opinions, tastes and habits of the
            public.

            juick asset ratio see acid test ratio.
            juick assets see under assets, pl.
            juick money see under money.
            llog.) one pound (£1): J paid him five

            uid FIN. (co


                evince -p 436 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            ra _ till ns aa

            —— lS


            it, I paid him five pounds. To be quids
            ke a good profit on a deal. P/. quid or

            quid for
            in, to ma

            ids. | |
            pro quo (Latin, something for something)

            something given in return for something
            received. Syn. consideration ; compensation.
            uiet STK. EXCH. of market conditions, inactive,
            with little business being done. |

            quietus FIN. release from a debt or other liab-
            ility; a receipt. To obtain one’s quietus, to be
            discharged from an obligation. Jo give quietus,
            to release (someone) from a debt or duty. Pron.
            kwy-ee-tus.

            quinquennium a period of five years.
            quinquennial adj. A quinquennial valuation/grant.

            quint. quintuplicate.

            quintal a measure of weight. (a) in Britain, a
            hundredweight, 112 lb; (6) in U.S.A. and the
            Liverpool grain trade, 100 lb; (c) in the metric
            system, 100 kg or 220.46 Ib. z

            quintuplicate a fifth copy: Jn quintuplicate, five
            copies exactly the same, or an original and four
            (carbon) copies. Cf. duplicate, triplicate, etc.
            Abbr. quint.

            quire a measure of quantity of paper, usu. 24
            sheets, or one-twentieth part of a ream of 480
            sheets. See ream. Abbr. qr.

            quittance see acquittance.

            quorum MAN. at a meeting of an organization,
            the least number of members that must be
            present if the business is to be legally transacted
            (dealt with). The number is fixed and included
            in the charter, articles or other governing rules
            of the organization. If there are not sufficient
            members present. the meeting must be
            adjourned to another day.

            quot. quotation.

            quota com. (1) a share or portion: A quota
            agreement, when members of a cartel agree to
            the share of the market that each member shall
            have. (2) a limit placed by a government on
            the amount of imports or exports of a particular
            article or commodity. The government first
            decides the total amount for a given period, and
            then gives licences to importers or exporters up
            to this amount.

            quota sample ADVTG. & COM. the commonest
            method of sampling in commercial marketing re-
            search: the market is broken down into relevant
            sub-groups, e.g. by age bracket, sex, region,
            etc., and asample is taken from each sub-group,
            or ‘quota’, to reflect the proportion they rep-
            resent of the total market. Cf. random sample.

            quota-share reinsurance see reinsurance
            under insurance, classes and kinds of.

            quotation (1) COM. a statement of the current
            price and conditions upon which a supplier is
            willing to sell, or upon which services may be
            performed: A quotation for supply of goods/rate
            of exchange. See estimate; account terms. Abbr.
            quot. (2) INSCE. a statement of the premium for


            rag trade - 425

            which an insurer is willing to accept a proposal
            of insurance. (3) STK. EXCH. the two prices
            printed for each security in the Official List,
            one the buying price, the other the selling price.
            See application for quotation; admission; Quo-
            tations Committee. Syn. official quotation.

            quotations, buying and selling sTK. EXCH.
            in share price tables, the approx. range of
            prices at which traders were offering to buy or
            sell a particular share at the close of the last
            trading period of the Stock Exchange. Cf. high
            and low; last sale.

            Quotations Committee of the (London)
            Stock Exchange STK. EXCH. a committee
            of the Council of the Stock Exchange that
            examines all applications by limited companies
            for their shares or stock to be officially quoted
            and dealt in by members of the Exchange. See
            application for quotation. |

            quote v. COM. to give or make a quotation.

            n. a quotation.

            quoted securities see listed securities.

            quoted share see under share.

            Q.W.L. quality of work life.

            Qy., qy. query.

            R rand.

            R. River; return (ticket, fare).

            R/A. refer to acceptor (bills of exchange).

            r.& C.c. riot and civil commotion.

            R.& D. research and development.

            Rachmanism com. the practice of some cruel
            and greedy landlords, of charging excessive
            rents for their properties and of using immoral
            and unlawful methods to drive their tenants
            away so that the properties can be let at higher
            rents.

            racial discrimination see under discrimi-
            nation.

            racket CoM. an organized plot to obtain money
            (a) from traders by threats of violence (see
            protection); (b) from the public by dishonest
            trading. Syn. ramp.

            racketeer a person who organizes a racket.

            rack-rent see under rent.

            rack-renter (1) a person who lets land on lease
            in return for rack-rent. (2) a person who holds
            or uses land in return for payment of rack-rent.

            radiogram a message sent by radio. A radio
            telegram. Cf. telegram; cable.

            radio telegram see under telegram.

            raffle a lottery for prizes that are usu. attractive
            goods, not sums of money.

            rag trade CoM. & IND. (collog.) the activity of
            designing, manufacturing and selling clothes,

            esp. for women and children. Syn. clothing
            trade.




                evince -p 437 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            426 - raider
            raider (1) a person making a sudden attack. (2)
            STK. EXCH. A person or company who tries to
            obtain control of another company by suddenly
            buying up the greater number of its shares aa
            the market. See dawn raid; bear campaign. © O
            make this more difficult, many companies now
            have rules that prevent control from Passing
            unless the raider obtains the agreement of the
            holders of at least 90% of the shares. Also
            ate raider. 3
            alk ARE the railway as a form ol trans-
            port: Goods carried by rail. The journe y is quicker
            by rail than by road. British Rail, the system
            operated by British Railways. Syn. railway,
            (U.S.A.) railroad.
            adj. relating to railways: Rail travel/traffic.
            railcar see under car.
            railhead TRANSPT. the place at which a railway
            line ends, esp. the furthest point from a port
            or from a commercial or industrial area. From
            this point, goods and passengers have to be
            carried by other means of transport, such as
            by road, river or canal.
            railman a man who works on a railway. Syn.
            railwayman.
            railroad n. (U.S.A.) TRANSPT. a railway. Railroad
            track, a railway hine or track.
            v. (mainly U.S.A. collog.) to use too much
            pressure or force, e.g. in making a person
            do something. / was railroaded into selling my
            business.
            railroad bill of lading see under bill of lading.
            railroad car see under car.
            rails STK. EXCH. (colloqg.) stocks and shares of
            railway companies.
            rail-trailer service see piggyback service.
            railway advice TRANSPT. a document sent by a
            railway advising (informing) the consignee that
            goods have arrived at the local railway station
            and asking him to remove them.
            railway Carriage see carriage (3).
            railway gauge see gauge (3).
            railwayman see railman.
            railway stocks/shares see rails.
            raise v. FIN. (1) to arrange, to organize, esp. the
            obtaining of money: To raise a loan/mortgage.
            (colloq.) To raise the wind, to obtain money
            needed quickly. (2) to collect money: To raise
            a tax/subscriptions|/funds/capital.
            n. (mainly U.S.A.) (1) an increase of wages or
            salary. (2) the amount of this increase. Syn.
            rise.
            rake-off (colloq.) (1) a share of the profit or of
            the amount received in a business deal. (2) a
            secret, perh. unlawful, commission.
            rally v. STK. & COMMOD. EXCH. of prices in the
            market, to regain strength, to improve: Prices
            fell early but rallied later. The market rallied.
            n. an improvement: An early rally was followed
            by dull trading.
            RAM, ram random access memory.

            ramifications n. pl. COM. & IND. the branches
            or other organized units that are parts or sub-
            divisions of a larger organization, esp. when
            spread over a wide area or over a large number
            of different activities: A company with world-
            wide ramifications, one having branches,
            agents, etc. all over the world. T he ramifications
            of the group include all kinds of groceries, soft
            drinks and household cleaners.
            ramp see racket.
            ranch n. AGR. a large farm with a wide area of
            grazing land on which cattle, horses and sheep
            are bred, esp. in Australia and N. America.
            Syn. (S. America) rancho; (New Zealand) sta-
            tion.
            vy. to own or to work on a ranch.
            rancher AGR. (1) a worker on a ranch. (2) the
            owner of a ranch.
            R. and D. research and development.
            random access memory see under memory.
            Abbr. RAM, ram.
            random sample ADVTG. & COM. a method of
            choosing a sample in marketing research where
            every member of the population to be sampled
            has an equal probability of being included
            in the sample. Because of the difficulties of
            ensuring equal probability, and because of the
            random element, random samples are less com-
            mon than quota samples in marketing research.
            Cf. quota sample.
            range com. (1) a set of different articles of the
            same class, from which a choice can be made:
            We stock a good range of woodworker’s tools.
            They make a wide range of patterns/colours/
            qualities. (2) a line of shops, stalls, etc. esp. in
            a market. (3) the limits between which things
            vary: A range of prices from £1 to £10. (4) AGR.
            an area of wild grassland where animals may
            be put to graze: The country provides plentiful
            range for cattle. (5) free-range, see separate entry.
            rank v. FIN. & LAW to have a place in a set order
            fixed by law: Preference shares rank for dividend
            before ordinary shares. Secured creditors rank
            for payment before unsecured creditors.
            ransom FIN. a price demanded or paid to obtain
            the release of a person held as prisoner, or of
            a valuable object that has been stolen. To hold
            to ransom, to hold a person or thing until the
            money demanded for his or its release has been
            paid. A king’s ransom, a very high price, or a
            very large amount of money.
            rarity ECON. the state of being few in numbers.
            ratable see rateable.
            ratal TAXN. the rateable value, the amount on
            which rates (local taxes) are based in Britain.
            Cf. rental. See annual value.
            rate (1) INSCE. the amounts charged by an insurer
            for different kinds of risk. The amount is usu.
            expressed as a percentage, e. g. a rate of £1.50
            per cent, i.e. £1.50 for every £100 of the sum
            for which the goods, property, etc. are insured.


                evince -p 438 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            ee ——

            average rate the average of several rates for

            different kinds of risk. 3
            short-period rate a rate for an insurance con-

            tract lasting less than a year.
            (2) COM. & IND. the price of a unit of a com-
            | modity or service: We enclose a list of our rates
            for supplying building materials/servicing boilers.
            | 4 rate scale, a fixed scale of charges. A rate
            card, a printed card listing these charges. The
            | rate of pay for a fitter is £2 per hour, also called
            | the rate for the job or the going rate. (3) TAXN.
            | a payment based on a scale of charges, such as
            for a public water supply and sewerage, called
            a water rate, which is based on the rateable
            value of the property concerned. See also rates,
            l.
            testis TAXN. in Britain, of buildings, etc., on
            which rates (local taxes) have to be paid. Also
            (U.S.A.) ratable.
            rateable value see annual value: rates. Abbr.
            R.V.
            rate card ADVTG. a list of advertising prices
            charged by a publication, T.V. channel, etc.
            rate-deficiency grant see under grant.
            rate of exchange see exchange rate.
            rate of interest see interest rate.
            rate of return see under return.
            ratepayer TAXN. in Britain, the person or organ-
            ization liable to pay rates (local taxes) on prop-
            erty, usu. the householder. Cf. taxpayer.
            rates n. pl. TAXN. in Britain, local property taxes
            payable to a local government authority, based
            on the annual or rateable value of properties,
            to pay for local public services. The amount
            payable on a property each year is calculated
            by multiplying the rateable value by the rate-
            poundage fixed annually by the rating authority
            at so many pence in the pound (of rateable
            value). The local authorities also receive grants
            from the central government. The charges for
            water supply and sewerage, called a water rate,
            are collected separately by the local water au-
            thority. Syn. municipal taxes; local taxes.
            rates rebate see rates relief.
            rates relief TAXN. a reduction of local authority
            rates (local taxes on property) for ratepayers
            who have low incomes. Syn. rates rebate.
            rate-support grant see under grant.
            ratify LAW to approve and adopt a contract; to
            give one’s formal agreement to a document or
            arrangement, esp. when made by an agent or
            representative. N. ratification.
            rating (1) ADVTG. a figure used to measure
            roughly the value of a television or radio pro-
            gramme as an aid in advertising a product or
            service, The rating is the percentage of all the
            owners of television or radio sets who have
            tuned their sets to that programme at a certain
            time in a certain area. Thus, in an area with
            100,000 sets, if 30,000 are tuned to a particular
            Programme, the rating of that programme at

            reach - 427

            that time is 30%. (2) INSCE. a measure of risk
            of loss used when fixing the rate of premiums.
            (3) BKG. a measure of the riskiness of banks as
            judged by an independent organization such
            as Standard & Poor’s.

            ratio the relation between two quantities ex-
            pressed as the number of times one is greater
            than the other. The proportion between one
            quantity and another. Thus, if at a meeting 66
            people vote in favour of a motion and 33 vote
            against, the ratio is 2 to 1, or 2:1, in favour.
            Other examples: see advances ratio; dividend-
            price ratio; price-earnings ratio.
            ratio analysis ACCTS. & STK. EXCH. financial
            analysis of companies by means of examining
            the ratios to each other of different elements
            of financial statements. See also acid test ratio;
            price-earnings ratio.
            ration an allowance, usu. fixed by authority,
            which each person may buy, esp. of food,
            clothing, fuel or other essential commodities,
            usu. in time of war or other national emer-
            gency.
            rational expectations ECON. THEORY the belief
            held by some economists that in order to obtain
            a state of full employment governments should
            follow a moderate course, somewhere between
            that proposed by the Keynesians (greater pub-
            lic spending and deficit financing) and that
            proposed by the monetarists and supply-siders
            (reducing taxes and controlling the money sup-
            ply). The idea is that a government should so
            manage the economy as to give businessmen
            rational, i.e. reasonable, expectations that
            economic conditions will remain steady
            (changing little), thus encouraging them to
            make plans without fear of their being upset.
            rationalization MAN. & IND. a planned reorgan-
            ization of an industry or company to improve
            its efficiency, usu. by horizontal and vertical
            combination of manufacturing units, by closing
            factories that make a loss, increasing the output
            of those that are profitable, and generally by
            reducing administrative costs. See combi-
            nation.

            rat race (colloqg.) the life of continual struggle
            against other persons in order to be successful,
            esp. in business: Most businessmen, when they
            retire, are happy to be out of the rat race.

            R.C.D. Regional Co-operation for Development.
            Rd. Road.

            r.d. running days.

            R/D refer to drawer.

            Rds. roads (anchorage); roadstead.

            re with reference to; in the case/matter of.

            re- prefix, (1) again; repeating: reappoint, to
            appoint again; rebuild, to build again; re-cover,
            to cover again. (2) back: recover, to get back;
            retrace, to trace back.

            reach (1) sHIPG. a straight stretch of a river. (2)
            ADVTG. the proportion of the total market that


                evince -p 439 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &


            428 - react

            will see a particular advertisement at least
            once, e.g. a 50% reach in a market of 100,000
            means that 50,000 will see the advertisement.
            Advertising objectives are often expressed in
            terms of reach. |
            react STK. & COMMOD. EXCH. of market prices,
            to move in an opposite direction: Markets
            reacted sharply to rumours of devaluation, prices,
            which had been rising, fell after the rumours
            became known.
            readable (1) that can easily be read and under-
            stood. (2) in plain language, not in code.
            readership circulation see under circulation.
            readership survey see under survey.
            reading wand see bar coding.
            read only memory COMP. a storage device
            which cannot be altered by inputting data in
            the usual way, 1.e. it can be read but not written
            onto. It is often used to protect copyright,
            €.g. proprietary software such as a spreadsheet
            program is usu. sold on floppy disk with read
            only memory. Abbr. ROM; rom.
            ready cash see cash, n. (1).
            ready-made com. & FIN. mainly of clothes and
            footwear, supplied ready to wear, not made to
            measure.
            ready market see under market.
            ready money see under money.
            ready-money crop see cash crop.
            ready reckoner a book of tables for use when
            making calculations of quantities and money.
            ready sales see under sales.
            ready, the (collog.) ready money; cash in notes
            and coins.
            real FIN. of a financial figure, one which has been
            adjusted for inflation: The real price of cars has
            remained the same for three years.
            real accounts see under accounts.
            real assets see under assets (2).
            real capital see under capital.
            real chattel see chattel real under chattel.
            real cost see opportunity cost under cost.
            real damages see under damages.
            real estate LAW & COM. an interest in land
            and buildings, esp. freehold property. Syn. real
            property; immovable property; realty.
            real estate broker see estate agent.
            real estate investment trust FIN. in U.S.A.,
            an investment trust that either manages a num-
            ber of real estate properties of its own or issues
            mortgages on properties belonging to others,
            sharing the profits with a large number of (usu.
            small) investors. Abbr. R.E.1.T.
            real estate tax see property tax under tax.
            realignment BKG. & FIN. a re-arrangement of
            exchange rates, esp. one that changes the rates
            at which one or more currencies are fixed
            (e.g. by central banks) in relation to other
            currencies. See European Monetary System.
            real income see under income.
            real investment see under investment.


            realizable FIN. of investments, assets, etc.. able
            to be sold quickly for cash. Opp. unrealizable.

            realizable assets see quick assets under assets

            realization FIN. the sale of assets for cash, e.g.
            when a partnership is dissolved (brought to an
            end).

            realization account AccTs. a special accoun
            prepared on the dissolution (ending) of a part-.
            nership, to which amounts received from the
            realization of assets are credited, and the book
            value of the assets and the realization expenses
            are debited. The final balance of the account
            will show whether there has been a profit or a
            loss on realization.

            realization concept AccrTs. the basic idea jp
            accounting, that profit is regarded as made at
            the time when a sale takes place, i.e. when
            goods or services pass to the customer, not
            when the order is received, nor when a contract
            is signed, nor when the customer actually pays.

            realize FIN. to sell assets for cash. Syn. to liqui-
            date.

            realized profit see under profit.

            real money see under money.

            real property see under property.

            real securities see under securities.

            realtor (U.S.A.) see estate agent.

            realty see real property under property.

            real value see under value.

            real wages see under wages.

            ream a standard measure of paper, 500 sheets,

            called a long ream in U.S.A. Formerly a sta-
            tioner’s ream or mill ream was 480 sheets or 20
            quires of 24 sheets each; a printer’s ream, also
            called a perfect ream, was 516 sheets (214 quires
            to allow for wastage). Abbr. Rm.

            reasonable moderate, not excessive: Reason-
            able prices. A reasonable rate of interest.
            reassure see reinsure.

            rebate (1) com. an allowance of money in
            reduction of an amount to be paid, etc.; a
            discount: A rebate for prompt payment. A rebate
            of tax. An export rebate. Cf. refund. See aggre-
            gated rebates. Syn. discount (from a price);
            abatement (of tax); deduction.

            quantity rebate see quantity discount under dis-
            count.

            (2) BKG. a discount or reduction allowed on a
            bill of exchange which is paid before maturity
            (the date it becomes due for payment). (3)
            INSCE. see return premium under premium.
            rebuttal Law disproving, esp. of evidence given
            in a court of law.

            recall ADVTG. memory, especially the ability of
            consumers to remember advertisements. Large
            advertisers and agencies run recall tests to
            measure awareness levels; they may use aided
            recall tests, where consumers are shown adver-
            tisements and asked which ones they remem-
            ber, or unaided recall tests, where they are


                evince -p 440 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            simply asked to name any advertisements they
            remember seeing at a particular time.
            recaption LAW regaining possession of goods
            etc. that have been taken by another person,
            usu. unlawfully but sometimes by agreement
            with the owner, ¢.g. under a recaption clause in
            a lease which allows the landlord to regain
            possession of the property under certain con-
            ditions at an earlier date than the normal
            ending of the lease.
            recapitalization STK. EXCH. & FIN. a form of
            action taken by the directors to defend their
            company from being taken over. To make
            the company less attractive to the opposing
            company, they create debt by borrowing large
            sums of money which they then pay to their
            stock/shareholders as special dividends.
            recd., rec'd. received.
            recede STK. & COMMOD. EXCH. of market prices,
            to fall, to move back or lower.
            receipt n. (1) the act of receiving something: To
            acknowledge receipt of a parcel/letter/cheque. (2)
            COM. & ACCTS. a formal acknowledgment that
            money due has been paid or that goods have
            been received. A receipt for money is usu. in
            these words: Received from Mr XYZ the sum of
            twenty-five pounds sixteen pence. It is signed and
            dated by the person receiving the money or by
            a person authorized to act for him. A copy of
            the receipt or a note of its contents is kept as
            an accounts voucher (record).
            dock receipt see separate entry.
            mate’s receipt see under mate.
            trust receipt BKG. a signed document given to
            a bank by an importer who has accepted a D/P
            (documents-against-payment) bill of exchange
            but is not able to pay at the time the goods
            arrive. The document acknowledges receipt of
            the shipping documents and promises that the
            importer will pay the amount of the bill and
            the bank’s charges when the goods have been
            sold. The bank meanwhile pays the exporter.
            Such an arrangement will only be possible
            where the bank can trust the importer to pay
            when the goods have been sold.
            wharfinger’s receipt SHIPG. & TRANSPT. a receipt
            given by a wharfinger (a person who owns or
            manages a wharf) to a carrier for goods deli-
            vered to a warehouse to be loaded into a ship.
            Syn. dock receipt.
            to receipt a bill v. to write or stamp ‘paid’ on
            it, and to sign and date it.
            receipts p/. FIN. money received: Receipts from
            the sale of old machinery amounted to £1000.
            The receipts exceeded the expenses, leaving a
            surplus.
            receipts and payments account ACCTS. an
            account prepared by a small non-trading organ-
            ization that does not own any assets, such as a
            club or society, the purpose of the account
            being to show only the cash position. The

            reckon - 429

            account is a summary of the cash book. Syn.
            income and expenditure account.
            receivable FIN. & ACCTS. due to be received, as

            opposed to payable. See account receivable;
            bills receivable.

            received bill of lading see under bill of lading.

            receiver (1) a person who receives something.
            Syn. recipient. (2) an instrument that receives
            signals, etc.: A telephone/radio receiver. (3) LAW
            an officer appointed by the court in cases of
            disagreement about ownership, to act for other
            persons in receiving and taking charge of
            income from rents and profits and in protecting
            property while the claims of the parties are
            heard and settled. Receivers are also ap-
            pointed, usu. by the courts: to realize assets
            when a partnership is dissolved (ended); in
            bankruptcy cases; when a mortgagee uses a
            power of sale; to manage the affairs of a person
            who is too ill mentally to manage them himself;
            and in certain other cases. See also official
            receiver; administrator (3). (4) LAW a person
            who receives stolen property. Syn. fence.

            receiving note SHIPG. a note from a shipper to
            the master of a ship asking him to receive
            certain stated goods on board.

            receiving order see petition in bankruptcy
            under bankruptcy. Abbr. R.O.

            reception (1) in a hotel or office, a place just
            inside the entrance where guests and visitors
            are received by a person called a receptionist.
            (2) a formal social gathering, usu. to receive or
            welcome somebody.

            recession ECON. a temporary reduction in busi-
            ness activity, not as severe as a depression. A
            recession is generally taken as existing when
            the gross national product has fallen for two
            or more quarters (i.e. for six months) after
            allowing for inflation. Opp. boom. See trade
            cycle under cycle.

            recipient a person who receives something.

            reciprocal given equally to each other by two
            persons, organizations or countries: A recipro-
            cal trade agreement between Egypt and India.
            Reciprocal aid, aid given in return for help
            received. Reciprocal insurance, see mutual
            insurance under insurance, classes and kinds
            of. N. reciprocity.

            reciprocal shareholding see cross-holding
            under holding (3).

            reciprocity Com. in foreign trade, agreement
            between two countries to charge specially low
            rates of duty on imports of each other’s goods.
            Syn. fair trade.

            reckless careless; not caring about the possible
            results of hasty action: Reckless trading, buying
            goods hastily without thinking whether they
            will be sold at a profit. Reckless spending, spend-
            ing money now without caring about future
            needs.

            reckon v. (1) to count; to calculate; to work out:



                evince -p 441 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            430 - reckoner

            We reckon the cost of materials at £5 per article.
            Interest is reckoned from the date payment was
            due. Syn. (U.S.A.) to figure out. (2) to settle a

            debt. |
            reckoning 7. an account; a bill for an amount

            to be paid, esp. in a hotel, restaurant or shop.

            reckoner see ready reckoner.
            reclaim v. AGR. & IND. to make useless land

            usable: To reclaim land from the sea/a marsh.
            reclamation 7. (a) the act of reclaiming land.
            (5) land that has been reclaimed, esp. from the
            sea: A reclamation project/scheme. |

            recognizance LAW a solemn promise made in
            a court of law, binding the person making the
            promise, the recognizor, and another person in
            whose interest it is made, the recognizee, to
            perform a stated act, such as to appear before
            the court, or before another court, when called
            upon to do so. If the promise is broken, an
            agreed sum of money has to be paid: Enter into
            recognizances.

            recommended (retail) price see under price.
            Abbr. R.P.: R.R.P.

            recompense n. (1) a payment as reward for
            some service. (2) a repayment in compensation
            for a loss. Cf. reimbursement. V. recompense.

            reconcile v. acctTs. to bring into agreement,
            such as when two accounts that should agree
            do not. See reconciliation statement under
            statement; bank reconciliation statement.

            reconstruction the rebuilding of the industry,
            commerce, and social services of an economy
            that has been destroyed or severely damaged
            by war or some great natural misfortune, such
            as an earthquake.

            Reconstruction and Development, Inter-
            national Bank for see International Bank
            for Reconstruction and Development.

            reconstruction (of a company) sTK. EXCH.
            & MAN. the changing of the capital structure of
            a limited company, esp. a company that is
            having financial difficulties. The change may
            be done: (a) by a merger or amalgamation
            with another company; (5) by forming a new
            company to receive the assets of the old com-
            pany, for which the shareholders receive in
            exchange shares in the new company; (c) bya
            scheme of arrangement (see scheme of compo-
            sition under composition). Syn. reorganization.

            record Comp. the units in which data are stored,
            usu. Consisting of several related data items,
            ¢.g. all data items relating to one employee
            may form a record in a personnel data base.

            recorded delivery in Britain, a service pro-
            vided by the Post Office by which the sender
            of an inland letter or postal packet is given
            proof of its safe delivery to the addressee, and
            a small sum is paid in compensation if it is lost
            or damaged in the post.

            recoup FIN. & COM. (1) to regain; to get back:


            To recoup one’s losses. (2) to repay somebody
            his expenses (see reimburse). N. recoupment.
            recourse (1) BKG. the right of the payee or
            holder of a bill of exchange that is dishonoured
            at its maturity to demand payment from the
            other parties, such as the drawer or ap
            endorser, unless these parties have written the
            words without recourse or sans recours against
            their signatures. (2) FIN. a source of help: 4
            person or place from which help can be obta;-
            ned: The company had recourse to the capital
            market, obtained financial help from the Capi-
            tal market.
            recover v. (1) FIN. to get back; to regain: 7,
            recover one’s expenses/costs/money. Syn. recoup.
            (2) LAW to obtain payment under judgment of
            a court: To recover damages and costs. (3) stx.
            & COMMOD. EXCH. of market prices, to improve,
            to become higher again: Prices recovered on
            publication of better trade figures.
            recoverable that can be recovered, got back,
            esp. of freight and other expenses. Opp. irre-
            coverable; non-recoverable; unrecoverable.
            recovery (1) INSCE. any money which reduces
            the amount of a loss, such as salvage, the
            finding of lost or stolen goods, etc. (2) ECON.
            see trade cycle under cycle. (3) LAW the right
            to obtain payment or possession of property
            under a judgment of a court of law: Recovery
            proceedings, steps taken to obtain payment of
            a debt by bringing a lawsuit against the debtor.
            recovery share see under share.
            recruitment IND. & MAN. the process of finding,
            choosing and engaging suitable new employees
            for an organization.
            rectify AccTs. to put right: We have found and
            rectified the errors/mistakes in the cash book. A
            rectified invoice, one that is correct and replaces
            an earlier invoice containing a mistake. Syn.
            to correct; to adjust. N. rectification.
            recto (1) the front of a document. (2) the right-
            hand page of a book. Cf. verso.
            recuperate STK. EXCH. of market prices, to
            recover; to become higher: Shares Sell sharply
            before noon but recuperated towards the close.
            recurrent or recurring costs see variable costs
            under costs.
            red. redeemable.

            red ACctTs. (collog.) In the red, having a debit
            balance (formerly written or typed in red ink
            in an account) esp. in a current account with
            a bank (showing an overdraft) or in a profit
            and loss account (showing a loss). Opp. in the
            black.

            redeem (1) STK. EXCH. to repay or pay off, esp.

            _ loan stock, debentures and preference shares
            or stock. (2) FIN. to recover property that has
            been pledged or mortgaged as security for a
            loan, by repaying the loan. To redeem a mort-
            Sage. Syn. to amortize. (3) generally, to do


                evince -p 442 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            g that one has bound oneself to do:

            promise. See redemption.
            bond see callable bond under

            somethin
            To redeem a
            redeemable

            , nn.
            beeen debenture see under debenture.

            emable goods FIN. goods that are in pawn,
            | pat can be redeemed (recovered) only when
            : she loan for which they were left as security

            has been repaid.
            redeemable preference share see under

            are.
            ara stock see under stock.
            redemption (1) FIN. & STK. EXCH. the act or
            rocess of redeeming, of paying off a loan. (2)
            BKG. the act of a note-issuing bank in giving
            cash in exchange for its bank-notes. (3) LAW
            the right of a mortgagor to recover mortgaged
            property on repayment of the loan and any
            interest due. Syn. equity of redemption.
            redemption date see under date.
            redemption, equity of see equity of redemp-
            tion.
            redemption yield see under yield.
            redenomination see revalorization of currency.
            redevelopment COM. & IND. the rebuilding or
            improvement of private or commercial proper-
            ties (houses, shops and offices) in the older
            parts of towns. See also property development.
            redirect to readdress, esp. mail for somebody
            - who has moved to another address. Syn. to
            forward.
            rediscounting BKG. the discounting of a bill of
            exchange or promissory note that has already
            been discounted for another holder.
            redistribution (of incomes and wealth)
            TAXN. the practice of governments of some
            countries of introducing taxes, such as a gifts
            tax, a capital gains tax and higher-rate taxes
            on investment income, that will cause wealth,
            and therefore incomes, to be more evenly dis-
            tributed. In this way a greater part of the
            national income will be received by a greater
            proportion of the people.
            redistributive tax see under tax.
            re-draft a foreign bill of exchange, drawn by
            the holder of a dishonoured bill, for a sum
            equal to the amount of the dishonoured bill
            and the expenses of protest, etc. Cf. renewed
            bill.
            red tape see under tape.
            reduced see reduction of capital.
            reducing balance method AcctTs. a way of
            providing for the depreciation of an asset by
            writing off each year a fixed percentage of its
            value the previous year, so that its book value
            will be equal to its scrap value at the end of
            its useful life. This method is usual for motor
            vehicles. See depreciation methods. Syn. redu-

            cing instalment system; declining balance |
            method.

            reference - 431

            reducing instalment system see reducing
            balance method. |
            reduction of capital sTK. EXCH. the act of a
            limited company in reducing its capital. To be
            effective, the reduction must be allowed by the
            Articles, be approved by a special resolution
            of the members (shareholders), and be con-
            firmed by the court, which may order that
            the words and reduced shall be added to the
            company’s name for a stated period, thus: T.
            Smith and Company, Limited and Reduced.
            redundancy MAN. & IND. REL. of an employee,
            the state of being no longer needed by his
            employer. An employee whose job ceases to
            exist because there is no work for him. In
            Britain, such employees receive compensation
            called redundancy payment based on pay and
            length of service. They are helped by the
            government to find work in the same occu-
            pation, or to be trained for work in a different
            occupation.
            reefer SHIPG. a refrigerated ship.
            re-entry visa see under visa.
            re-examination see under examination.
            re-exchange BKG. the amount that the holder
            of a dishonoured foreign bill of exchange may
            by law recover from the drawer or from an
            endorser. The sum is calculated by taking the
            current market cost of a sight bill for the
            original amount and adding interest, the cost
            of the protest, commission, postage and any
            other expenses resulting from the dishonour.
            re-exports CoM. goods that have been imported
            and then exported in the same form, 1.e. not
            put through any manufacturing or finishing
            process. See entrepot.
            Ref., ref. reference; refrigerated ship.
            referee (1) BKG. a person or organization named
            in a bill of exchange as a referee in case of need,
            from whom the holder may demand payment
            if the bill is dishonoured. See case of need. (2)
            MAN. a person named by an applicant for a job
            as someone who will, if asked, support the
            applicant’s character and qualifications. Syn.
            reference. (3) LAW an arbitrator. (4) LAW a
            person appointed by the parties in a dispute to
            settle differences between arbitrators. He is
            called a special referee or umpire. (5) LAW an
            official of a court of law, called an official
            referee, who reports on, and sometimes decides,
            matters about which he has special knowledge
            and is better able to decide than a judge and
            jury.
            reference (1) at the top of a business letter, a
            note, usu. consisting of the initials of the per-
            sons signing and typing the letter, thus:
            AG/MJ. Sometimes the reference consists of
            the initials of a department and a file number,
            thus: SD/2539. Persons answering the letter,
            or referring to it, are expected to quote the
            reference so that the papers can easily be found


                evince -p 443 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            432 - refer to drawer

            in the files. Abbr. Ref.; ref. (2) COM. persons OF
            &rms named by a customer asking a supplier
            for credit, from whom the supplier can get
            ‘nformation about the business reputation of
            the customer. Trade references are members of
            the customer’s own trade. A banker's reference
            is the customers Own bank. See also referee
            (2); character (1). fees
            refer to drawer BKG. a note or answer written
            or stamped by the drawer's bank on a cheque
            that the bank will not honour. This is usu.
            because: there is not a sufficient credit balance
            ‘n the drawer’s account; or because the cheque
            has been stopped by the drawer; or because
            the amount in words and figures on the cheque
            do not agree; or because there is a garnishee
            order against the drawer; or because the
            drawer has been made bankrupt. The words
            mean that the payee should ask the drawer to
            pay or to explain why the cheque is not being
            honoured. Abbr. R/D.
            refinancing FIN. & STK. EXCH. repaying loan
            capital, such as bonds or debentures, by fresh
            borrowing, usu. at a lower rate of interest. Syn.
            refunding.
            reflate ECON. to adopt a policy of reflation of
            the economy.
            reflation ECON. action by a government aimed
            to reduce excessive unemployment after a pe-
            riod of deflation, by encouraging a controlled
            increase in the supply of money to increase
            demand, but without going so far as to cause
            inflation.
            reform v. to change the shape of something for
            the better; to improve, esp. a system that 1s
            unfair or inefficient: To reform the company
            laws to protect the interests of investors.
            reformer a person who believes in and works
            for reform.
            refrigerated warehouse see cold store.
            refugee capital see hot money under money.
            refuge, port of see port of refuge.
            refund v. to repay; to give back money: We shall
            refund you your expenses. To refund a debt. Pron.
            refund.
            n. a repayment of money: The railway will give
            a refund if the goods are lost. Pron. refund.
            refundable repayable: A refundable deposit.
            refund annuity see under insurance policy.
            refunding see refinancing.
            refunding bond see under bond, n.
            reg. registration.
            reg., regd. registered.
            region n. (1) a large area of the earth’s surface
            having some special quality or character: A
            desert region. The natural/climatic/polar/equa-
            torial regions of the earth. (2) the area round a
            certain place: The London region, or in a part
            of a country: The northern region of Nigeria.
            (3) a division of an organization, such as the
            Eastern Region of British Rail.

            regional adj. relating to a region or regions:
            Regional transport services, the services within
            a region, or between one region and another.
            Regional geography, the study of the geography
            of special regions of the earth.

            Regional Co-operation for Development
            (R.C.D.) an association of countries in south-
            central Asia, Iran, Pakistan and Turkey, for
            economic, technical and cultural co-operation.

            register n. a document, usu. in the form of a
            book, in which are recorded important lists of
            persons, places, things, events, etc.
            cash register see separate entry.
            charges register see separate entry.
            company register see Registrar of Companies.
            hotel register a book kept usu. in the entrance-
            hall of a hotel, in which the name, address and
            room-number of each visitor staying in the
            hotel are recorded. See also check in under
            check, v.

            Lloyd’s Register see Lloyd’s Register of British
            and Foreign Shipping; Lloyd’s Register of
            Shipping.

            property register see separate entry.
            proprietorship register see separate entry.
            shareholders’ register see register of members.
            ship’s register see registry, certificate of.
            transfer register a register in which are recorded
            all transfers of a limited company’s shares, also
            called transfer book(s). These books are usu.
            closed for a number of days each year before
            the annual general meeting; no transfers of
            shares are registered during this period.

            v. to record in a register.

            registered bond see under bond, n.

            registered capital see authorized capital.

            registered coupon bond see under bond, n.

            registered debenture see under debenture.

            registered design see under design.
            registered office see under office.

            registered post in Britain, a service provided
            by the Post Office for transporting and deliver-
            ing valuable or important letters and packets.
            In return for an extra charge for insurance and
            a registration fee, very special care is taken to
            see that they are safely carried and delivered
            only on signature of a receipt by the addressee.
            Compensation is paid to the sender in case of
            loss.

            registered proprietor the owner of a property
            the title of which is recorded ina proprietorship
            register at the Land Registry.

            registered share see under share.

            registered stock see under stock.

            registered title see under title.

            register of charges Law a register which has
            by law to be kept at the registered office of a
            limited liability company. In it are recorded all
            charges which relate to the company’s assets.
            See charges on assets. Cf. charges register.

            register of debenture-holders Law & STK.


                evince -p 444 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            wa

            EXCH. a book that must be kept by every limited |
            company, giving details of its debenture-
            holders and their holdings. |
            register of directors LAW & STK. EXCH. In
            Britain, a register or book that every company
            must by law keep, showing the name, address,

            | qationality and occupation of all the directors
            and managers of the company. A copy must
            be sent to the Registrar of Companies, who |
            must be told of all changes made in the register.

            register of directors’ shareholdings LAW & |
            STK, EXCH. in Britain, a book that every limited
            company must keep, showing the number of
            shares (or stock) and debentures of the com- |
            pany and its subsidiaries and holding company
            held by each of its directors; and details of all
            such shares and debentures bought or sold by
            the directors.

            register office see under office.

            register of members LAW & STK. EXCH. in
            Britain, a book that every limited company
            must keep, showing the shares held by each
            member (shareholder), distinguishing each |
            share by its number, or the amount of stock
            held by each member, and the amount paid,
            or agreed to be considered as paid on the shares
            or stock of each member; also the date each
            person was entered in the register as a member,
            and the date he ceased to be a member. The
            register must be open, for at least two hours
            each day, to be examined by a member free of
            charge, and by any other person on payment |
            of a small charge. It may be closed for not 1
            more than 30 days in each year if notice is given
            by advertisement in a newspaper circulating in
            the district in which the company’s registered
            office is situated. Syn. share register; share-
            holders’ register.

            register of transfers see transfer register under
            register.

            register ton see vessel ton under ton.

            register tonnage see under tonnage.

            registrar (1) in Britain, an official responsible
            for keeping a register, esp. in a university. (2)
            one who keeps official records of births, deaths
            and marriages at a local office of the Registrar-
            General. (3) in a company, an employee or
            outside agency who is in charge of the work of
            recording all transfers of the company’s shares
            in the transfer register. Syn. (U.S.A.) transfer
            agent.

            Registrar-General of Shipping sHIPc. in Brit-
            ain, the public official responsible for register- |
            ing ships. All British sea-going ships over 15
            tons must by law be registered with him.

            Registrar in Bankruptcy LAw in Britain, an
            official of the Bankruptcy Court who holds a_ 1
            public examination of the debtor and, if no
            composition or scheme of arrangement has

            been arranged, declares him bankrupt. See
            bankruptcy.

            regulations - 433

            Registrar of Companies LAw in Britain, a
            government official who is responsible for the
            registration of limited companies and for keep-
            ing detailed records about them. He issues
            a Certificate of Incorporation to each new
            company as an acknowledgment that all
            necessary formalities have been properly com-
            pleted.

            Registrar of Friendly Societies see friendly
            society.

            Registro Italiano Navale sHIPpG. the Italian
            ship-classification society. Cf. Lloyd’s Register
            of Shipping. Abbr. R.1.

            ‘egistry a place, esp. an office, where a register
            is kept, where continuous and detailed records
            are collected and are usu. open for the public
            to examine, such as the Land Registry.
            central registry a section in most government
            offices where files are kept and their move-
            ments between offices are recorded.

            Land Charges Registry see separate entry.
            Land Registry see separate entry.

            ‘egistry, certificate of SHIPG. an important
            document which the master of a ship must
            always carry and show when asked. It proves
            that the ship has been registered in a certain
            country and gives certain details about the ship
            such as her number, the name of her owner(s),
            her home port, her registered tonnage, the
            number of passengers she may carry, etc. Syn.
            certificate of ownership; ship’s register.

            ‘egistry office see register office under office.

            ‘egistry, port of SHIPG. the port at which a
            ship is registered and where her owners can be
            found. All ships above a certain size must show
            the name of their port of registry on the stern
            of the vessel. Syn. home port.

            ‘egrating see forestalling.

            ‘egressive supply see under supply.

            ‘egressive tax see under tax.

            ‘egret, letter of see letter of regret.

            ‘egular adj. (1) Com. of goods, of normal size:
            of ordinary or moderate quality. This is our
            regular size of handkerchief, the size that most
            people buy. (2) of persons, keeping set times:
            He is very regular in his attendance, he is punc-
            tual and seldom absent. (3) A regular member,
            a full member, not an associate or other kind
            of member. (4) MAN. happening at fixed times:
            A regular meeting. A regular delivery of fuel-oil.
            regular 7. (collog.) a regular customer, one who
            frequently comes to buy.

            ‘egulation n. control and management: The
            regulation of traffic in the city centre. The regu-
            lation of trade between two countries. The regu-
            lation of natural gas prices. Opp. deregulation.

            ‘egulations n. pl. (1) MAN. rules having the force
            of authority, esp. in relation to control and
            management of an organization: Staff regw-
            lations, rules of behaviour to be followed by
            the employees. Building regulations, govern-



                evince -p 445 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &


            434 - regulatory tax

            uilders. Fire regulations,
            is a fire. Quarantine
            (2) Law in the Euro-
            al made

            ment rules for house-b
            rules to be followed if there
            regulations, see quarantine.
            pean Economic Community, a pr ra “il
            by the European Commission to the sen
            of Ministers and approved by that < i
            becomes part of the statute law ol all the
            members of the Community. (3) in Britain, one
            of the rules made by a government department
            under powers given to it by Parliament and
            having the force of law, such as the Motor
            Vehicles (Construction and Use) Regulations
            made by the Department of the Environment.
            regulatory tax see under tax.

            Reichsmark the (former) standard currency
            unit of Germany from 1924 to 1948, when it
            was replaced by the Deutsche Mark. Abor.
            RM.

            reimburse FIN. to repay a person who has spent
            money as one’s agent or employee: To reimburse
            a representative (for) his travelling expenses. N.
            reimbursement.

            reimport CoM. to bring back into a country an
            article or commodity that has earlier been
            exported from the same country, such as a
            motor car being reimported after temporary
            export.

            reinstate (1) to put back; to replace in a former
            position. (2) IND. REL. to give a dismissed
            worker his job back. (3) LAW to put back
            part of a document that has been cut out: To
            reinstate a clause in a form of agreement. (4)
            INSCE. see reinstatement.

            reinstatement INSCE. (1) the replacing by the
            insurers of a thing lost by a thing of the same
            kind, quality and condition, so that the insured
            is neither richer nor poorer as a result of the
            loss. See indemnity; reinstatement policy under
            insurance policy. (2) the bringing into force
            again of a policy which, following a loss, has
            not been in force for some time.

            reinsurance see under insurance, classes and
            kinds of.

            reinsure INSCE. as an insurer, to share a risk
            with another insurer by transferring part of it
            to him, the premium also being shared in
            proportion. See reinsurance under insurance,
            classes and kinds of.

            reinsured INSCE. an insurer who has reinsured
            a risk, 1.e. has arranged with one or more other
            insurers to share any loss that may arise.

            reinsurer INSCE. an insurer who accepts a rein-
            surance, i.e. who agrees to bear a fixed part of
            a loss insured by another insurer.

            reintermediation see disintermediation.

            R.E.1.T. real estate investment trust.

            reject v. COM. & IND. (1) to refuse to take: to send
            back or throw away (goods) as unacceptable.
            Rejected goods. (2) to decide against, e.g. a
            request; a motion at a meeting; an applicant
            for a job; a proposal, plan or idea. Pron. rejéct.

            n. an article being sold cheap because it js
            imperfect. Pron. reeject. Syn. seconds, pl.
            relapse STK. & COMMOD. EXCH. of market prices,
            to slip back, to return to a former low level:
            Shares relapsed for lack of buyers of any kind.
            related company see affiliate or affiliated com-
            ANY.
            anainnil data base COMP. a data base struc-
            ture in which the access path between the
            various data records is not predetermined, but
            is specified by the user; it is therefore a very
            flexible and sophisticated data base system. Cf.
            hierarchical data base.
            relations, public see public relations.
            release see freight release.
            relief see tax relief.
            relocation IND. the act of changing the situation
            in which something is placed, such as the
            relocation of industry or of offices.
            remainder (1) LAW the interest of a person who
            will become the legal owner of an estate in
            land when the present life-tenant dies. (2) Com.
            in the book-publishing trade, what remains of
            the publisher’s stock of a book after the main
            sale has ended and sales are slow; at this stage
            copies of the book are sometimes sold at a
            greatly reduced price; they are remaindered.
            remainderman LAW a person who has the right
            to a remainder. Cf. a reversioner.
            remand LAW a court order adjourning the hear-
            ing of a criminal case to a later date and
            directing that until then the accused person
            shall be held in prison (remanded in custody) or
            set free but on bail (remanded on bail).
            remedy LAW a legal means of setting right a
            wrong, such as the bringing of a lawsuit by the
            injured party.
            remisier see half-commission man.
            remission (1) BKG. & FIN. the act of remitting,
            of making a remittance. (2) LAW release from
            prison (being set free) before the end of the
            sentence (period ordered by the court to be
            spent in prison). Remission is given usu. for
            good behaviour while in prison. (3) an official
            pardon. (4) TaX a repayment to the taxpayer
            by the tax authorities, of tax that he has over-
            paid. Syn. refund.
            remit v. FIN. (1) to free (a person) from having
            to pay a debt or from some other duty: His
            creditors remitted all his debts. (2) to send
            (money) usu. through the post, or by telegraph
            or cable: The bank remits me £100 on the 15th
            of every month.

            7. an important matter that has been passed to
            a person or group of persons to study, advise
            on or decide: The committee’s remit was to report
            on pension funds/to reduce to housing budget.
            remittance (1) BKG. & FIN. a sum of money sent
            (remitted) from one place to another. (The
            remitter is the person sending the money; the
            remittee is the person to whom it is sent.) To


                evince -p 446 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &


            ake a remittance. (2) BKG. parcels of
            ques, bills, etc. sent from one

            senda/m
            coins, notes, che
            banking office to another.

            immigrant remittance(S) see u

            nder immigrant.
            man (1) a man living abroad on
            ee he receives from his anne —
            try. (2) a person who is paid to keep away from
            his home country.
            remittance slip ACCTS. & COM. a small printed
            form sent out blank with an invoice and
            intended to be sent back with the remittance
            by the person paying the invoice. When filled
            in by the payer, the slip tells the person receiv-
            ing the money where it has come from and
            which invoice it relates to.
            remote Cause LAW & INSCE. a distant cause; a
            cause which is not an immediate cause. Cf.
            proximate cause.
            remote processing COMP. a system in which
            data is entered in a terminal at a place some
            distance away and then transmitted to the
            central processing unit to be processed.
            removal (1) TRANSPT. the act of moving the
            contents of a home, office, factory, etc. from
            one place to another.
            removals p/. the business of making such
            moves.
            (2) MAN. dismissal from office: The members
            voted for the removal of the officers.
            removal bond see under bond, 7.
            removal expenses see under expenses.
            removal van TRANSPT. a lorry specially desig-
            ned, with a high roof and low floor, for trans-
            porting furniture.
            remunerate FIN. & MAN. to pay (somebody)
            money for his services; to reward for work: He
            is well remunerated for his responsibilities, he is
            well paid. The job is badly remunerated, the pay
            is low.
            remuneration FIN. & MAN. (1) money paid for
            services, not for goods. Auditors’ remuneration,
            the fee paid by a business to the accountant(s)
            appointed to audit the accounts. (2) salary or
            wages: We are increasing your remuneration by
            10%.
            remunerative FIN. & MAN. profitable; that
            earns, brings in, a satisfactory income: A
            remunerative business/job/occupation/hobby.
            render (1) to give; to perform: To render a
            service/services/aid/assistance. Services render-
            ed, past, not future services. (2) ACCTS. to pre-
            pare and send out: We render monthly state-
            ments by post. Account rendered, a reference on
            a statement to an account that has been sent
            earlier. N. rendering; rendition.
            rendu see franco.
            renew (1) to extend the time for which an
            existing instrument, contract, etc. is to be
            effective: To renew a bill of exchange/ promissory
            _ te/insurance _polic yl lease/agenc y agreemen t/
            ence. (2) to make alive or effective again: To


            rent - 435

            renew one’s business contacts. Let us renew public
            interest in our product by advertising it widely.
            renewal notice INSCE. a notice, often in the
            form of an invoice, sent by an insurance com-
            pany to the insured, inviting him to renew the
            contract, 1.e. to continue it, usu. for one year,
            by paying the renewal premium.
            renewal premium see under premium.
            renewed bill see under bill of exchange.
            renounce to give up formally: He renounced his
            claim to a share in the profits. N. renunciation.
            rent (1) ECON. money paid for the use of land
            considered as a factor of production; the price
            of, or the income received from, land. (2) FIN.
            the sum of money received by the owner of
            property in land and buildings as a periodic
            payment from an occupier or tenant. (3) (col-
            log.) any periodic payment charged for the use
            of a good.
            chief-rent see separate entry.
            contractual rent the periodic payment for the
            hiring and use for a limited period of an asset
            such as land, buildings and machines.
            dead rent see separate entry.
            differential rent a rent that is higher than nor-
            mal because it includes a payment for some
            special advantage. See fertility rent; situation
            rent below.
            economic rent in economic theory, an extra
            amount earned by a factor of production over
            and above what is needed to keep that factor
            from being moved to some other use. Note that
            the factor of production is not necessarily land,
            but can be any of the other factors such as
            labour and capital. See rack-rent below.
            fertility rent the extra rent that has to be paid
            for land that is more fertile than other land. A
            form of differential rent.
            ground rent rent paid to a ground landlord by
            a holder of property that has been leased to
            him on condition that he builds a house or
            other buildings on it. Cf. chief-rent.
            implicit rent ECON. THEORY the amount of rent
            that the owner of a piece of land could get if
            he let it to a tenant instead of using it for
            himself. It is the sacrifice he is making by not
            letting the land.
            peppercorm rent see separate entry.
            quasi-rent ECON. THEORY the extra payment
            that has to be made for the use of a factor of
            production, other than land, that is for the time
            being and in the short term abnormally scarce,
            such as the short-run surplus earned by a new
            and highly efficient machine.
            rack-rent (a) the full annual rent that could be
            got for a property if it were let on lease, as
            opposed to ground rent. Syn. gross value. See
            annual value. (b) COM. an excessively high rent.
            royalty rent in mining leases, either a percent-
            age of the profits of the mine or a sum of so
            much for each tonne of output from the mine.

            dl ee ——


                evince -p 447 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &



            436 - rental

            Cf. dead rent. :
            scarcity rent when the supply of land 1s fixed,

            + is taken, the extra rent that has to
            — as it because it is scarce. Cf. differen-
            tial rent.
            situation rent the |
            from land that is better situate
            land. A form of differential rent.
            ». (1) to pay rent for the right to possess and
            use property for a stated time: To rent a house/
            flat/apartment/room from Mr. Jones Jor £x per
            annum/a year/a month/a week/a day. Opp. to let
            (out), rent (out). Cf. hire. (2) (mainly U.S.A.)
            to pay money for the use of some (usu. movable)
            object for a short time: To rent a car/a machine/a
            tool. Syn. (Britain) hire. Opp. to rent out.
            rental n. (1) (a) the amount, in money, of the
            rent for a particular property or part of a
            property. (5) the total sum of all rents received
            from the property. (2) the charge payable for
            hiring goods: Television rental, rent paid for
            hiring a television set.
            adj. relating to rent: Rental income/value.
            rent-charge see chief-rent.
            rent control LAw in Britain, rights given by
            law to tenants, esp. of unfurnished property
            below a certain rateable value held by the
            tenant before 1956, preventing the landlord
            from raising the rent beyond a certain amount;
            and giving the tenant of such property security
            to stay and continue living in the property
            during his life-time. See also rent regulation.
            rente FIN. the income from rentes: 100 francs of
            rente, an annual income of 100 francs for ever.
            See rentes, p/. Pron. ront.
            renter LAW a person who, because he pays the
            rent for a property, has the right to use and
            enjoy it.
            rentes FIN. the perpetual government bonds of a
            number of countries in Europe, esp. of France,
            roughly equivalent to Consols in Britain. Pron.
            ront.
            rent freeze see under freeze.
            rentier FIN. a member of that class of society
            that lives on income from rentes (fixed-interest
            government and other securities) and on rent
            received from land. Pron. rontyay.
            rent officers see rent regulation.
            rent regulation LAw in Britain, a system for
            deciding, by officials called rent officers, what
            shall be a fair rent for a property that is not
            let at a controlled rent, if the landlord and
            tenant do not agree.
            rent restriction ECON. action by a government
            to limit rents of houses and flats to levels below
            those that would exist in a free market. Cf.
            rent regulation; rent control.
            rent-roll FIN. a document listing details of the
            rents received from the properties owned by a
            ~, Person or organization.

            extra rent that is obtained
            d than other


            renunciation, letter of see letter of renunc;-
            ation. | .
            reorganization bond see adjustment bond
            under bond, n.
            reorganization (of a company) see recop-
            struction. |
            Rep. representative. |
            rep. representing; representative; report.
            repairing lease see under lease.
            reparation (1) putting right a wrong: To make
            reparation for injury/loss/damage. (2) the money
            required to do this. Syn. restitution.
            repatriation (1) bringing or sending a foreign
            person back to his own country. (2) FIN. the
            sale and bringing back of capital invested in
            foreign countries for investment in the home
            country.
            repeal v. to end the force or effect of: To repeal
            a law/tax/order. Syn. revoke; annul; rescind.
            n. the act of repealing: The repeal of the Corn
            Laws.
            repeat Com. (collog.) a repeat order, 1.e. one that
            is similar to an order placed earlier.
            replacement (1) a person or thing that replaces
            another: A replacement for an employee who has
            left. A replacement engine/motor for a vehicle.
            (2) the act or process of replacing: We demand
            the replacement of the damaged goods.
            replacement cost see under cost.
            replenish to fill again; to refill: To replenish
            stocks of raw materials/finished goods, to replace
            what has been used up or sold. N. replenish-
            ment.
            replevin LAw the right of a person who claims
            that his goods have been wrongfully distrained
            (taken from him in settlement of a debt), to
            recover possession of them on condition that
            he signs a bond, called a replevin bond, promis-
            ing to give them back if a court of law decides
            that he is not the legal owner. |
            reply coupons see international postal reply
            coupon.
            reply, right of at a formal meeting, the right
            of the mover or proposer (but not the seconder)
            of an original motion to reply once, and only
            once, after all other persons have spoken on
            the motion.
            repo. repurchase agreement.

            répondez s'il vous plat (French, please reply)
            usu. written in the abbreviated form at the
            bottom of an invitation, to show that the sender
            expects the addressee to reply, Stating whether
            or not he accepts the invitation. It is considered
            to be bad manners not to reply. Abbr. R.S.V.P.

            report an account by one or more persons, called
            reporters, giving information to others about
            some subject or happening of interest, such as
            the business activities of a company, a trial in
            a court of law, financial dealings, negotiations
            with trade unions, a journey, an accident. Syn.
            account. Abbr. rep.


                evince -p 448 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            eae ee

            auditor’s report see separate entry.
            chairman’s report see directors’ report.
            company report see directors’ report.
            | directors’ report see separate entry.
            market report see separate entry.
            progress report a report on progress made, on
            what has been done until now.
            situation report a report on the present situation
            or state of affairs in regard to a particular
            subject or problem, such as conditions in a
            foreign market, or the state of negotiations for
            a contract. Abbr. sitrep.
            reporter (1) a person who, alone or as one of a
            group, prepares a report. (2) a person who
            gathers news and writes on it in the news-
            papers.
            report generator COMP. a program which can
            retrieve data from storage and then manipulate
            it to a format specified by the user.
            re-present to present (a document) again, esp.
            a cheque, bill of exchange or promissory note
            that was not honoured when presented earlier.
            represent (1) to act for or in place of; to take
            another person’s place: A barrister represents
            his client in court, acts for his client. An agent
            represents his principal. (2) to state, to express in
            words, facts or opinions intended to influence
            others: He represented to the customer that the
            goods were of good quality.
            representation (1) the act of representing
            another person or organization, esp. as agent
            or commercial traveller. We have the Ford rep-
            resentation in this town, we are the Ford agents
            here. (2) the state of being represented: We
            have no representation in India, we have no
            agent there. Our trade union is asking for rep-
            resentation on the board of directors, asking for
            one of its members to represent it as a director
            on the board.
            representation, false see fraud.
            representative (1) a person who represents
            another person or others: A travelling/overseas/
            foreign/sales/trade/representative. Abbr. (colloq.)
            Rep., rep., a commercial traveller. (2) LAW see
            personal representative.
            representative money see under money.
            representative, personal see personal rep-
            resentative.
            repressed inflation see suppressed inflation
            under inflation.
            reprint a new printing of matter printed before.
            A new impression of a book, report, etc. with-
            out any changes. If there are a few, relatively
            unimportant corrections, it 1s called a reprint
            with corrections. See edition. Abbr. R/P.
            repro. reproduction.
            reproduction of documents see facsimile.
            reproduction rate the rate at which the popula-
            tion of a country replaces itself. It can be
            | measured by relating the number of children
            born in a given period to a particular group of

            a5 oe
            oe
            ah So

            requisitioning - 437

            Lecraalasindtiepenienativenmapel
            also be based on - ee eee
            80 DE bas ¢ number of children born

            per thousand women of child-bearing age, call-
            ed the maternal net reproduction rate: or it can
            be based on the number of children born per
            thousand of the productive male population
            called the paternal net reproduction rate.

            reproductive debt see productive debt under
            national debt.

            republic a system of government in which the
            ruling authority and the head of state, called a
            president, are elected by the vote of the people.
            Adj. republican.

            repudiate LAW & FIN. to refuse to pay a debt or
            to honour a contract or other agreement, esp.
            in the case of governments that refuse to be
            bound by the promises of earlier governments
            that have been overthrown. N. repudiation.

            repurchase agreement FIN. & BKG. (U.S.A.)
            an arrangement by which a seller of securities,
            esp. government bonds, agrees to repurchase
            them (i.e. buy them back) at an agreed price
            and time, usu. a few days. The government
            uses this method to expand credit (by buying
            securities) or to take up extra liquidity (by
            selling securities) as may be needed. In Britain,
            managers of unit trusts repurchase units from
            the holders. Banks and savings organizations
            also use such agreements to obtain what are
            really short-term loans by selling securities
            which form collateral until they are bought
            back. Abbr. R.P.; also collog. repo.

            request note SHIPG. & COM. a document given
            by the customs authorities at a port allowing
            the master of a ship to land a cargo of perish-
            ables before the ship has cleared customs.

            require (1) to need: We require larger offices/a
            loan/a works manager. (2) to demand; to call
            on in a commanding manner: You are required
            to attend the court, you must be present. We
            require payment in seven days.

            requirement that which is required, needed: A
            knowledge of mathematics is an essential require-
            ment in a computer analyst.
            requirements p/. needs: Your machines do not
            meet our requirements, do not do what we need
            them to do.

            requisition (1) (a) an official document demand-
            ing something such as a property or vehicle
            needed for use by the government. (b) the act
            of taking over such properties (see requisition-
            ing). (2) COM. & IND. a written demand, esp.
            for the supply of materials from a store (a
            materials requisition) or from a shop (a purchase
            requisition) or from an office (see cheque requi-
            sition).

            requisitioning LAW the taking possession of
            property (but not of its ownership) without
            the agreement of the owner, by a government
            organization under powers given by Parlia-


            ge ee tl

            '


                evince -p 449 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            438 - resale price maintenance

            ment. These powers are used i gia

            | ch as a Ww
            tional danger suc

            mes of grave nati er suchas 6 ™
            When the danger is over and the pee )
            ; srmmment, it |

            ed by the gove |
            no longer need es ae:
            seSS s handed bac

            AY .€. possession |!

            derequisitioned, 1.e. pee Gas
            to ae owner. Cf. compulsory purchase; pre

            emption. ee
            ana price maintenance CoM. any bindin;

            sement between manufacturers or whole
            aha retailers not to sell goods belov
            certain prices usu. fixed by the manufacturer
            One object is to stop cut-throat or unfair com:
            petition and to keep prices at a level that
            will be fair to all parties. In Britain, such
            agreements are forbidden by law, except in a
            very few cases where R.P.M. can be shown
            to be in the public interest, the Net Book
            Agreement, for example. In U.S.A., such
            agreements are allowed and are called fair-
            trade agreements. See restrictive trade prac-
            tices. Syn. price-fixing; price maintenance.
            Abbr. R.P.M.
            rescheduling (of debts) FIN. the making, usu.
            by agreement with creditors, of a new timetable
            for the repayment of debts, esp. by a country
            that cannot repay money due under a previous
            schedule to foreign banks and suppliers.
            rescind see repeal.
            research IND. & MAN. the use of scientific
            methods in searching for new or improved
            products, processes, and methods, esp. of cur-
            ing and preventing diseases (medical research).
            A research scientist, a person highly qualified
            in science who is Studying a problem to dis-
            cover new facts, usu. in a research laboratory,
            with other research workers, also called
            researchers.
            advertising research the choice of the most
            effective ways of advertising a particular prod-
            uct and the analysis of the results.
            applied research the use of the findings of basic
            research to extend human knowledge of prob-
            lems in a particular industry or public service
            such as health or education.
            basic research the Study of the most general
            Problems affecting all branches of knowledge,
            such as the use of nuclear energy. Cf. applied
            research. Syn. pure research.
            Consumer research finding out the wants, tastes
            and habits of consumers, their incomes and
            Possessions. This research is carried out by
            consumer surveys and market tests.
            desk research see s€parate entry.
            field research see s€parate entry.
            market research see s€parate entry.
            media research see media analysis, .
            motivational research sec S€parate entry.
            Operational research sec s€parate entry.
            ae oe — out Consumers’ wishes
            itt: sedouen 4 Product and on its Packaging.
            see basic research above.


            is
            §

            | nd development two closely
            aia see in modern industry, by which
            new products and processes are being continu-
            ally developed, esp. by engineers, designers
            and applied scientists, from the ‘results of
            research by scientists such as physicists, chem-
            ists and biologists. Abbr. R. & D.; R. and D.
            reservation TRANSPT. & TOUR. the reserving of
            places for future use by travellers, visitors, etc.
            of hotel rooms, seats in vehicles such as trains,
            buses, planes, and theatres; also of Space for
            cargo: To make reservations on the night train
            to Glasgow. Syn. booking. |
            reserve capital see uncalled capital under Capi-
            tal.
            reserve currency see under currency.
            reserved market see restricted market under
            market.
            reserve fund Accts. the accumulated profits of
            a business that have not been distributed as
            dividends, but ploughed back into it by buying
            useful assets and by financing its expansion.
            reserve price see under price.
            reserve ratio see cash ratio.
            reserves ACCTS. & FIN. in a business, amounts
            set aside from profits to meet contingencies
            (unexpected future expenditure) or for future
            investment. Reserves are of two main kinds:
            revenue reserves, which a company is free to
            form and, if the money is found later to be no
            longer needed to be kept in reserve, to distrib-
            ute as dividend; and capital reserves which,
            by law, may not be used for distribution as
            dividend except in certain cases and only then
            by authority of a court. Cf. provision.
            capital redemption reserve (fund) see separate
            entry.
            capital reserve an amount that must by law
            be kept as a reserve and which may not be
            distributed as dividends payable in cash.
            Examples: a capital redemption reserve fund,
            a share premium account, and a revaluation
            reserve. See above; also revenue reserve below.
            Syn. undistributable reserve.
            emergency reserve see under emergency.
            extraordinary reserve a reserve formed to meet
            an expense or loss that may arise outside the
            ordinary course of business, such as the closing
            of a foreign market following a violent change
            of government.
            general reserve a revenue reserve, i.e. built up
            from undistributed Profits, intended to be used

            qe Working capital, esp. in a time of in-
            flation.

            gold reserves Originally the stock of gold coin
            and bullion (gold bars) held by a note-issuing
            bank ina country on the gold standard, when
            its notes could be freely converted into (ex-
            changed for) gold on demand. Since notes are


                evince -p 450 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &


            vertible into gold, a country’s
            . ee inet mainly for the purpose
            ional payments. In Britain
            art of the government's
            at the Bank of

            old reserves are
            ‘ng internat

            exchange equalization account

            Englan¢. 4 reserve that does not appear
            bi ts eo eee because it is hidden by
            ine luation of the assets or an overvalu-
            an undervaluation® Such
            ation of the liabilities of the company.
            reserves are against the law. Syn. inner reserve ,
            secret reserve. Opp. visible reserve.

            ianer reserve see hidden reserve above.

            -oven reserves the known probable amount of
            mineral ore, coal, oil or gas that can be obtai-
            aed economically from a given field. A/so pro-
            ved reserves.
            reserve against bad and doubtful debts (1) ACCTS.
            See provision. (2) BKG. a reserve which in
            some countries banks must make by law to an
            amount stated as a percentage (usu. 1.5% to
            2.5%) of each bank’s assets.
            revaluation reserve a reserve into which is put
            any surplus arising from the revaluation and
            sale of assets.
            revenue reserve a reserve that may be formed
            voluntarily by the directors of a company and,
            if no longer required to be kept in reserve, may
            be distributed as dividend. Cf. capital reserve.
            secret reserve see hidden reserve above.
            undistributable reserve see capital reserve above.
            visible reserve the opposite of a hidden reserve;
            a reserve that is clearly shown in a balance
            sheet.

            Reserve, The BKG. the cash in the form of notes
            and coin held in the Banking Department of
            the Bank of England to supply demands from
            depositors, mainly the joint-stock banks, who
            keep their surplus balances with the Bank of
            England. Cf. Rest.

            reservoir AGR. & IND. a large container or arti-
            ficial lake built to store water for supply to
            industry, agriculture and private homes.

            re-shipment see trans-shipment.

            reside to live (in a certain place) continuously;
            to make one’s home (in a certain place): He
            works in London but resides in Cambridge.

            residence (1) the house or place in which a
            person or family resides, makes its home, esp.
            a large or important-looking house. (2) the act
            of residing. (3) the length of time that one has
            resided in a place: After five years’ residence in
            this country you may apply for citizenship. A
            residence permit, one allowing a person to reside
            permanently in a country. To take up residence,
            to go to a place intending to live there perma-
            nently.

            residual unemployment see under unemploy-
            ment.

            residuary eState see residue.
            residuary legacy see under legacy.

            respondentia - 439

            residuary legatee see legatec, residuary legacy
            under legacy.
            residue LAW that which is left of the estate of a
            dead person after paying all debts, expenses,
            legacies and other claims. Syn. residuary estate.
            resolution a matter that has been resolved, i.€.
            decided upon, by vote at a formal meeting,
            such as a meeting of shareholders of a company
            after the matter has been moved, i.e. put for-
            ward, as a draft resolution in a form that is
            ready for discussion. In Britain, an ordinary
            resolution is one that needs to be passed by only
            a simple majority. An extraordinary resolution
            needs to be passed by 75% or more of the
            voters. A special resolution is an extraordinary
            resolution that can only be passed at a meeting
            of which 21 clear days’ notice has been given.
            Cf. motion.
            resolve to decide; to determine: Resolved that,
            words introducing a resolution passed at a
            formal meeting such as a meeting of the share-
            holders of a company, meaning that the meet-
            ing made a firm decision on the matter.
            resort TOUR. a place, usu. a town, where people
            go to enjoy a holiday: A seaside/summer resort.
            resource audit MAN. a stage in the formulation
            of corporate strategy which examines all the
            resources of an organization, including people,
            products, values and finances.
            resource dependence MAN. 4 situation in
            which an organization cannot proceed without
            a resource which is controlled by an external
            organization, e.g. bank lending or raw material
            supply. This greatly increases the bargaining
            power of the external organization.
            resources (1) ECON. collectively, things pro-
            vided by Nature or accumulated by Man that
            can be used as means of satisfying wants, esp.
            the stock of such things in a country: India has
            large mineral resources. New Zealand’s main
            resources are good agricultural land, forests and
            water power. We must rely on our own resources,
            we must not expect help from others.
            natural resources see separate entry.
            (2) FIN. the stocks of money and wealth that
            an organization possesses or can manage to
            use: The financial resources of the City of
            London/the joint-stock banks. The cost of a new
            factory is beyond our cash resources, so we must
            borrow some of the money. The project is within
            our resources, WE have the money to pay for it.
            iis atang bill (of exchange) see fine trade
            ill.
            respondent Law the party who has to respond
            to (answer or defend) an appeal, summons or
            petition brought against him in a court of law.
            respondentia BKG. & sHIPG. a formal document
            by which the master of a ship gives the cargo
            as security for a loan made to him in a foreign
            port to pay for essential repairs to the ship. Cf.
            bottomry bond.


                evince -p 451 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            440 - response time

            response time COMP. the time that elapses
            between the user’s request and the computer s

            response. Pee)
            Rest BKG. a heading appearing as a liability in
            the weekly return of the Bank of England, it
            is the reserve fund of the Bank itself, being the
            excess of its assets over its liabilities. The
            Bank’s profits are paid into it and dividends to
            its proprietors are paid out of it. Cf. Reserve.
            rest BKG. & FIN. the time at which one period
            ends and the next begins in calculating the
            interest on a loan payable quarterly, half-yearly
            or annually: Jnrerest on your loan is charged at
            11% per annum with half-yearly rests.
            restaurant-car see dining-car.
            restaurateur CoM. a person who keeps a restau-
            rant. A/so restauranteur; restauranter.
            rest-house TOUR. a house, usu. run by the
            government, where travellers, esp. in India,
            Pakistan and Bangladesh, may lodge for a short
            time. See also dak-bungalow under dak.
            restitution (1) the act of restoring, giving back,
            something to its owner, such as stolen property :
            The judge ordered the restitution of the diamonds
            to the plaintiff. (2) the act of making good, of
            paying compensation to somebody for personal
            injury or loss or damage to property. To make
            restitution. Syn. reparation. (3) FIN. see export
            restitution.
            restraint LAW the unreasonable prevention of a
            person, who is a party to a contract, from
            enjoying his freedom of action in earning a
            living or carrying on business as he wishes. In
            Britain, U.S.A. and many other countries, the
            courts will not support any contract that con-
            tains conditions in restraint of trade, such as a
            promise by an employee not to compete with
            his employer after leaving his service.
            restrict to limit; to keep or hold within certain
            limits: The membership of a private company is
            restricted to 50, there may be no more than 50
            members. We must restrict our expenses/outlay/
            production/output/borrowing until we can raise
            more capital. N. restriction.
            restricted (1) STK. EXCH. of market conditions, a
            small amount of business being done: Dealings
            were restricted all day. (2) TRANSPT. A restricted
            train service on Sundays and bank holidays, a
            reduced service on these days.
            restricted-hour tariff see off-peak tariff under

            tariff.
            restricted market see under market.
            restricted ownership see under ownership.
            restrictions on trade see trade restrictions.
            restrictive covenant see covenant.
            restrictive endorsement see under endorse-
            ment.
            restrictive trade practices LAW & COM. agree-
            ments between buyers or between sellers that
            interfere with or prevent free competition, esp.
            by fixing prices and other conditions of pay-


            ment. Such agreements are €xamined and Con-
            trolled in Britain by the Restrictive Practices
            Court, which will allow an agreement to cop.
            tinue only if it is in the public interest, See
            resale price maintenance. |
            ene trust see constructive trust under
            results ACCTS. & STK. EXCH. the outcome of the
            year's (or half-year’s) trading, called trading:
            results or company results, expressed as -
            amount of profit or loss made during the Period
            resume to begin again after a break or pause: 7,
            resume negotiations/dealings/relations. We hay,
            resumed occupation of the building. Let us resurn,
            our discussions after the holidays. He resumeg
            his powers when he was re-elected to the board.
            N. resumption.
            ret. return.
            retail n. CoM. the sale of goods to consumers, to
            the general public, esp. in shops, markets and
            by direct-mail trading. Cf. wholesale.
            adj. selling to the public: A retail shop/store/
            dealer/trader. The retail trade, as compared with
            the wholesale trade.
            retail audit com. a record of sales off store
            shelves. The largest retail audits are managed
            by large market research firms, such as Nielsen,
            and the data is widely used by consumer goods
            companies.
            retail co-operative see consumers’ co-operat-
            ive under co-operative.
            retail distributive society see consumers’ co-
            operative under co-operative.
            retailers CoM. traders who usu. buy their sup-
            plies in relatively small quantities from whole-
            salers and sell them to consumers in shops and
            markets. The large stores, esp. chain-stores
            and direct-mail houses, usu. buy in bulk from
            manufacturers and importers as well as whole-
            salers, but may themselves also be manufac-
            turers.
            retail outlet see under outlet.
            retail price see under price.
            Retail Prices, Index of see Index of Retail
            Prices.
            retail sale see under sale.

            retained earnings see retained profit under
            profit.

            retained profit see under profit.

            retainer LAW (1) (a) in Britain, an arrangement
            between a member of the public and a solicitor
            or a barrister to represent him in a lawsuit or
            a criminal trial. (6) the fee paid for this service.
            (2) the right of an executor of a will to receive
            payment of a debt due to him from the estate

            of the dead person before all other claims on
            the estate are paid.

            retd. returned; retired.

            retention allowance see excess retention tax
            under tax.

            retention money see under money.


                evince -p 452 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            —o_ °° °~

            ined profit under profit.
            ee os Oe the amount of a bill of
            missory note on or before the
            date it is due. Syn. to take up. (2) a to
            withdraw (notes and coins) from circulation.
            (3) MAN. to withdraw from regular or ee
            work, esp. on reaching retirement age. (4) of a
            director or other elected ofhcer, to reach the
            end of the term of office: A retiring director who
            | offers himself for re-election. (5) to cause an
            | employee to stop regular work and become a
            pensioner. N. retirement, retiral.
            retired bill see under bill of exchange.
            retiree (U.S.A. collog.) a person who has retired
            from active work.
            retirement annuity see under insurance policy.
            retirement pension see under pension.
            retour sans frais see sans frais.
            retour sans protét BKG. (French, return with-
            out protesting) words written by an endorser
            of a foreign bill of exchange or a promissory
            note meaning that if the bill or note is dishon-
            oured it must be returned without being pro-
            tested. Syn. retour sans frais.
            retrench to reduce greatly the expenses of run-
            ning a business; to economize. N. retrench-
            ment.
            retrieve to get back or bring back; to recover
            something that was lost: To retrieve one’s
            losses/reputation/ fortunes.
            return (1) FIN. the gain from an investment,
            either as income or yield or as profit on the
            | sale of the investment: A financial return. A
            return on outlay. The return on capital invested]
            employed.
            | rate of return the return (i.e. profit) on an
            | investment expressed as a percentage of the
            | original investment, e.g. £20 represents a 20%
            | rate of return on an investment of £100.
            (2) LAW & MAN. see annual return under annual.
            ) (3) TAXN. in Britain, a statement which every
            | taxpayer must by law make once a year, stating
            his (and usu. his wife’s) income during the past
            | tax year, and claiming allowances from taxable
            | income: A tax return. (4) TRANSPT. & TOUR. a
            | return ticket: A second-class return to London.
            | (5) COMP. a key used to signal the end of an
            input into a computer and to produce the
            computer's response. Abbr. ret.; rtn.; R.
            | returnable (1) CoM. & IND. that which can or
            | should be returned to the owner, esp. of con-
            } tainers, to be used again. Cf. returned empty.
            (2) LAW of a writ, that must first be served on
            the person to whom it is directed and that must
            then be reported to the court by a certain time
            and date as having been duly served: The writ
            is returnable by noon on 8 November.
            returned cheque see under cheque.
            returned empty IND. & CoM. an empty con-
            tainer or wagon that is returned to its owner
            to be used again. )

            reten
            retire v. (1) BK
            exchange or pro


            revaluation of currency - 441

            Returned Letter Office in Britain, a depart-
            ment of the Post Office which deals with letters
            which for any reason cannot be delivered nor-
            mally and are if possible returned to the sender.
            Syn. Dead Letter Office (D.L.O.), Abbr. R.L.O.

            return fare see under fare.

            return freight see carriage inwards under car-
            riage. |

            return load see under load; also back load.

            return on capital FIN. & ACCTS. the rate of
            income received from capital, esp. the pro-
            portion that the profits of a business bear to its
            total issued capital or to the capital employed in
            the business. The return is usu. expressed as a
            percentage per annum: A return of 11% p.a.
            Syn. dividend yield; earnings yield; return on
            investment.
            return on funds FIN. & ACCTS. the rate of
            income received from the use of capital; a
            useful way of measuring the efficiency of a
            business and usu. found by calculating the
            income in a given period as a percentage of its
            ordinary capital plus reserves. If the percentage
            return is less than the existing market rate of
            interest on, say, debentures, the business is not
            being run efficiently and is likely to be the
            subject of a takeover bid.
            return on investment see return on capital.
            Abbr. R.O.1.
            return premium see under premium. Abbr. R.P.
            returns (1) ECON. the profit or yield per unit of
            output, esp. when compared with the cost per
            unit. (2) the advantages to be got from large-
            scale production. (3) COM. goods returned by a
            customer to the supplier, usu. because they are
            faulty.
            returns inwards account see sales returns
            account.
            returns inwards book see sales returns book.
            Returns, Law of Marginal see Diminishing
            Returns, Law of.
            returns outwards book see purchases returns
            book.
            return ticket see under ticket.
            Rev. a/c. revenue accounts.
            revalorization of currency FIN. in a country
            whose currency has suffered a severe devalu-
            ation, the act of the government in replacing
            its standard currency unit by a new unit equal

            to perhaps 100 of the old. For example, in 1959

            the French Government revalorized the franc,

            so that | new franc was equal to 100 old francs.

            Cf. revaluation of currency. Syn. redomination.

            revaluation of assets AccTs. & MAN. the fixing
            of a new value on fixed assets and long-term
            investments. If the result is an increase in the
            value of assets in the balance sheet, the amount
            of the increase is placed in a revaluation
            reserve.

            revaluation of currency FIN. the act of the
            government of a country in increasing the value

            Le a


            — nam
            “= 4 +."

                evince -p 453 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            on reserve

            urrency in units of gold, Aa artcey 8
            currencies of other countries. RT na
            to make imports cheaper but exports . sa
            dearer in foreign markets. Reve vag) ee
            carried out when the country has a eon in _
            balance-of-payments surplus and a ) ond ig
            that is undervalued abroad. Cf. revalorization ,
            redomination. Opp. devaluation. =

            revaluation reserve see under reserves.

            Revd. Reverend.

            revenue FIN. & ACCTS.

            442 - reval uati

            of its c

            (1) money received In the
            form of cash, cheques, etc. during a particular
            period. (2) in public finance, the income
            received by the State from taxation.

            Revenue see Board of Inland Revenue. |

            revenue accounts ACCTS. In book-keeping,
            those accounts in which revenues or revenue
            receipts (money received from the usual trad-
            ing activities of the business) are recorded,
            such aS a commissions received account. The
            total of all the revenue accounts is the income
            of the business. Cf. expense accounts. Abbr.
            Rev. a/c.

            revenue expenditure see under expenditure.

            revenue, marginal see marginal revenue.

            revenue reserve see under reserves.

            revenue tariff see under tariff.

            revenue tax see under tax.

            Reverend a title of respect given to a clergyman,
            a minister of religion. Abbr. Revd.

            reversal of entries ACCTS. an error in book-
            keeping that is not uncovered by a trial bal-
            ance, being due to a credit entry having been
            debited and the corresponding debit entry hav-
            ing been credited.

            reverse conversion STK. EXCH. in U.S.A., a
            practice adopted by a stockbroker who has
            sold short, of using a customer’s stock in order
            to obey the rule that he must deliver to the
            buyer by Settlement Day; then, in order to
            protect himself against risk of loss caused by
            a future change in price, the stockbroker will
            hedge his position in the share-options market,
            buying a call and selling a put option; further,
            he lends the money he gets for the shares he
            sold short and uses the interest to pay his
            costs in buying his options. Syn. hedging with
            options.

            reverse takeover STK. EXCH. (1) the buying of
            a public company by a private company. (2)
            the buying by a smaller company of a larger
            one.

            reversion LAW a right to possess land, or to
            receive the income from that land, at some
            future fixed date, when the lease under which
            it is at present let will end. Cf. remainder. Syn.
            reversionary interest.

            ee annuity see under insurance pol-

            y.

            reversionary bonus see under bonus,

            insurance.

            : i rest see reversion.

            Oye ae person to whom a leased
            property will revert (be returned). Cf. remain-

            a ae in Scotland, an appeal to a higher
            court,

            revival see trade cycle under cycle.

            revocable letter of credit see under letter of
            credit.

            revoke see repeal. | |

            Revolution, Industrial see Industrial Revol-

            era ae credit see under credit (3). )

            revolving fund FIN. a stock or accumulation of
            money from which loans are made and into
            which repayments of those same loans, with
            interest, are paid, so that the amount of the
            fund is kept up and its money can be lent and
            re-lent indefinitely. The system is also much
            used in financing trading departments in
            governments and other large public organi-
            zations. The expenses of the department's
            activities are paid from a fund which receives
            the revenue from the sale of supplies and Ser-
            vices to other departments and to the public.

            reward (1) a gift of money or goods for services
            performed, or for excellent work or behaviour,
            or for an act of bravery. (2) money offered for
            information leading to the arrest of a criminal
            or to the recovery of lost or stolen goods. (3)
            payment for services generally.

            reward systems MAN. benefits of employment,
            e.g. pay, pensions, cars, health insurance, lodg-
            ing, free lunches, etc.

            rework IND. & ACCTS. the cost of materials and
            labour lost through bad workmanship.

            Ri, R.1. Rhode Island, U.S.A.

            R.i. Registro Italiano (Navale); reinsurance.

            R/i., R.1. reinsurance.

            Ricardo David (1772-1823), English economist.
            He was drawn by the works of Adam Smith to
            the study of political economy. A successful
            businessman, he was made famous from 1809
            by his newspaper articles. In 1813 he became
            a Member of Parliament. With James Mill, he
            was one of the first of the Classical School of
            economists who attempted to explain the basic
            ideas of economic theory. In his main book,
            Principles of Political Economy and Taxation
            (1817), his discussion of wages, rent and the
            Labour Theory of Value had an important
            influence upon the thinking of the later econ-
            omists, esp. Karl Marx, Thomas Malthus, J.S.
            Mill and A. Marshall.

            rider Law (1) an addition to a document or to a
            law. (2) an opinion attached to a legal decision
            but not strictly part of it: The jury found the
            accused (person) guilty but added a rider rec-
            ommending mercy. (3) MAR. INSCE. a clause
            added to a marine policy; an endorsement.


                evince -p 454 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            ae

            KG. & COM. see allonge. (5) (U.S.A.) a
            | assenger In 4 bus or iit arate enaitiy
            | ‘a p. (1) to fit out; to pr
            } rig’ sary; To rig a ship. (2) to act selfishly or
            | vehodenial to get some special advantage: To
            rig the market price/an election. ee
            n, (1) the arrangement of sails, ropes, etc. o
            a ship. (2) a building or machine made for a
            special purpose. See drilling mg. oa
            rigging the market STK. EXCH. obtaining tem
            porary control of the market for a particular
            security by buying, or obtaining options to
            buy, large quantities; this causes an apparent
            scarcity which forces up the price. See manipu-
            late.
            right LAW an interest which is supported by the
            law, and which it is the duty of other persons
            to respect. A just claim.
            right of action Law the right to bring an
            action in a court of law against a wrongdoer.
            Businessmen such as bankers who deal with
            large sums of money are careful to see that
            they have a clear right of action against a
            defaulter.
            right of entry Law (1) the right of a person to
            enter on land to take or retake possession of
            it. (2) the right of a landlord to enter his
            property to obtain his rent. A condition of this
            right is that the entry must always be effected
            peacefully, 1.e. without violence.
            right of survivorship LAW under English law,
            when two persons, e.g. husband and wife, are
            joint owners (‘joint tenants’) of a property, the
            person who continues to live after the other
            has died, called the survivor, has the legal right
            to inherit the whole of the property, even if
            the dead person has made a will leaving his or
            her share to someone else. This rule does not
            apply in the case of tenants in common (com-
            mon owners).
            right of way LAw the right held by law to pass
            across land belonging to another person.
            private right of way either a right held by
            custom, or an easement, to be enjoyed by one
            person or jointly by very few persons and their
            licensees.
            public right of way also called a highway, which
            can be used by all for the purpose of passage.
            Some rights of way are limited to certain uses
            only, such as a footway (footpath).
            rights see cum rights under cum.
            rights issue see under issue of securities.
            rights letter stk. EXCH. a document addressed
            by a company to one of its existing shareholders
            by name, offering him part of a new issue of
            Shares at a specially low price. If the share-
            holder wishes, he can sell his rights letter in the
            rights market of the Stock Exchange, instead of

            accepting the offer. See rights issue under issue
            of securities,

            rights market sce rights letter.

            (4) B

            Os Pr —————=—__

            risk - 443

            rights, performing see performing rights. ;

            right to strike LAW & IND. REL. the right O
            workers to withhold their services, 1.e. to stop
            work, without being dismissed if there are good
            reasons for using this means to persuade their
            employers to improve wages and working con-
            ditions.

            Riksbank BKG. the central bank of Sweden.

            ring (1) COM. & IND. a combination of manufactur-
            ers or dealers who agree among themselves to
            control market prices and conditions for their
            own advantage. In many countries such combi-
            nations are illegal unless they are in the public
            interest. See restrictive practices; bidders’ ring.
            Syn. price ring; string. (2) COMP. a computer
            network system in the form of a ring oF circle
            where each terminal is connected only to the
            two terminals on either side of it on the circuit.
            Cf. bus; star (2); tree.

            riot LAW a disturbance of the peace by at least
            three persons who are helping each other in a
            common purpose and who intend to use vio-
            lence against any person who opposes them.
            Cf. civil commotion. ,

            riot and civil commotion INSCE. a risk that 1s
            usu. not covered by commercial or house-
            holder’s policies unless a special extension to
            the policy is arranged, to give protection
            against malicious damage caused by rioters
            and other law-breakers. Syn. riot risk. Abbr. r.
            & C.C.

            rioter a person who takes part in a riot.

            riot risk see riot and civil commotion.

            rip-off (mainly U.S.A. collog.) theft; an unfair
            charge; the act of overcharging. V. to rip off.

            rise n. (1) a movement upwards: A rise in price(s).
            (2) an increase in quantity: A rise in output/
            productivity. (3) an increase in pay: He has
            received a pay-rise of £200 a year. Syn. (U.S.A.)
            a raise.
            v. to move upwards: Prices are rising. A rising
            market, one in which demand and prices are
            tending to increase.

            rising star see star (1).

            risk INSCE. (1) something that may happen. (2)
            the chance of loss, esp. of something covered
            by insurance: He is young and healthy and
            therefore a good risk. An old and rusty ship is a
            bad risk. There is a high risk of fire in a timber
            yard. (3) a person or thing insured. (4) FIN. an
            amount which one may lose when investing.
            at risk in danger.
            catastrophe risk see catastrophe.
            insurable risk one that can be Clearly described
            or calculated because it is one of a kind that is
            SO regularly met that most businessmen insure
            against it, such as fire, theft, accident. Cf.
            uninsurable risk below.
            riot risk see riot and civil commotion.
            uninsurable risk one that cannot be clearly


                evince -p 455 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            444 - risk analysis
            t
            lated and is not often met,
            " ill insure. See incalculable.
            dging the degree of risk of
            oods or services supplied
            esp. one which is in

            described or calc
            so that no insurer W
            risk analysis COM. JU
            not being paid for g
            to a foreign country,

            ial difficulty. .
            eee see under capital.

            risk, carrier’s see carrier > risk. .

            risk, company S see carrier ‘ risk.

            risk, owner $ wn ee | a government-

            risk, sovereign STK. © in which the
            guaranteed investment, 1.¢€. one In Ww
            risk of loss is almost non-existent. —

            rival IND. & COM. a competitor 1n business.

            rival demand see competitive demand under
            demand; also alternate demand.

            river basin see under basin (2).

            river bill of lading see inland waterways b/1
            under bill of lading. |

            river dues SHIPG. charges that have to be paid
            to a waterways authority by owners of ships
            and boats using the river. Syn. river charges.

            R.L.O. Returned Letter Office.

            Rly., rly. railway.

            Rm. ream; room.

            RM. Reichsmark.

            R.M. royal mail.

            R.O. receiving order; receiving office; record(s)
            office.

            road charges FIN. in Britain, charges payable
            to the local government authority by owners of
            houses along a road that is being permanently
            made for the first time. The charge is usu.
            based on the frontage of each property and is
            intended to cover the cost of making the road
            and pavements and putting in main services,
            such as drains, sewers, water, gas, electricity
            and street-lighting.

            roads SHIPG. see roadstead. Abbr. Rds.

            roadstead SHIPG. a place where ships may safely
            lie at anchor, usu. outside a port. A sheltered
            anchorage. The ship is at present lying in Brest
            roadstead. Syn. roads. Abbr. Rds.

            roaring (collog.) highly successful: His shop is
            doing a roaring trade in electrical goods. It is a
            roaring Success.

            roaring forties sHIPG. the belt of latitude
            between 40°S. and 50°S., where strong winds
            blow at sea from the west all the year. Syn.
            brave west winds.

            robber economy ECON. one that extracts mate-
            rials from Nature without taking steps to see
            that what has been taken is replaced, e.g. by
            the growth of new forests. Minerals, such as
            coal, oil and metal ores, taken from the ground
            cannot be replaced, so should be used carefully,
            not wastefully.

            Robertson Sir Dennis Holme (1890-1963),
            a economist, professor at the London
            eee of Economics (1930-44) and Cambridge

            iversity (1944-57). His studies and writings,

            theory and on
            h were mainly on monetary

            aus cycle, had much influence on the
            other economists of his day, including J.M.

            Keynes. 1
            Robinson Joan Violet (1903-83), English econ-

            omist, professor at Cambridge University
            (1965-71). A critic of the neo-classical econo-
            mists and of laissez-faire, her main contri-
            bution to modern economics has been the
            concept (idea) of imperfect competition,
            explained in her book, Economics of Imperfect
            Competition (1933). | !

            robotics IND. a branch of science which studies
            the making and use of machines (robots) that
            do work usually or formerly done by human
            beings. See also cybernetics.

            Rochdale pioneers ECON. a group of 28
            English weavers (cloth-workers) who, in 1844,
            started the first co-operative shop in Rochdale,
            Lancashire, and thus began the co-operative
            movement. ae

            rock-bottom price com. one which is the low-
            est possible: J have quoted you a rock-bottom
            price. See bottom.

            rocket (1) STK. EXCH. to rise suddenly and very
            steeply: Prices rocketed on the news of an elec-
            tion. (2) CoM. of sales, to increase sharply.

            rocks, on the FIN. (collog.) in great financial
            difficulty; in a hopeless financial situation.

            rocky FIN. (collog.) financially unsatisfactory.
            rod see perch.

            R.O.I. return on investment.

            roliback ECON. (collog.) action by a government
            by means of price controls to bring the general
            level of prices back to a previous lower level.

            rolling stock TRANSPT. (1) on the railways, car-
            riages and wagons that have no power to move
            themselves, but need an engine or locomotive
            to move them. Cf. hauling stock. (2) more
            generally, all rail vehicles, including engines
            and wagons, etc.

            roll-on ship see roll-on ferry under ferry.

            roll-over FIN. (of payments) to put off, delay, to
            a later date. Syn. to defer.

            rollover loan see under loan.

            ROM, rom read only memory.

            rood in England, an old measure of land, one
            quarter of an acre = 1210 sq. yds. = 0.101171
            hectare.

            rook to cheat; to obtain money by fraud.

            roomer see lodger.

            rooms lodgings; apartments (Britain): Rooms
            with attendance, lodgings in a private house, the
            owner or occupier of which provides cleaning
            service and (sometimes) cooks and serves meals
            in the guests’ rooms.
            assembly rooms a building containing rooms or
            halls that can be hired by the public for meet-
            ings and entertainments.

            room service TOUR. in a hotel, the serving of
            food and drink, and the provision of laundry


                evince -p 456 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            and cleaning services for clothes in rooms used

            by guests. ;

            | Room, The see Lloyd's Room.

            root of title see under title.

            R.O.P. run of paper.

            ropeway TRANSPT. a long, endless rope sup-
            ported on posts, usu. across difficult country,
            on which loads of raw materials, goods and
            sometimes passengers, are carried in hanging
            containers clear of the ground. Syn. cableway.

            rotation a succession of events in a regular
            order.
            rotation of crops or crop rotation growing a
            different crop on the same land during each of
            three or four years to keep the soil fertile;
            sometimes nothing is grown on the land during
            one of these years. See fallow land.
            rotation of directors in Britain, a system
            adopted in the Articles of most companies by
            which one-third of the directors for the time
            being retire from office. The directors to retire
            in a particular year are those who have been
            longest in office since their last election. A
            retiring director may be re-elected.

            rotation of jobs see job rotation.

            round adj. (1) TOUR. & TRANSPT. there and back:
            Round trip, a journey from one place to another
            and back; a return trip. Round-trip ticket
            (U.S.A.), a return ticket. (2) STK. EXCH. accept-
            able; convenient: A round lot of shares, a simple
            quantity, usu. 100 shares, that investors are
            willing to buy. Cf. odd lot. (3) BKG. & FIN. A
            round sum, a sum made up to the next 10, 100,
            1000, etc., avoiding too many numbers.
            n. COM. (1) a regular daily course taken by a
            delivery man such as a milkman delivering
            milk to private homes: A milk/bread round.
            rounds p/. of a family doctor visiting sick per-
            sons in hospital or in their own homes: The
            doctor is doing his rounds
            (2) a series of discussions, conferences or nego-
            tiations, esp. between different countries
            searching for the answer to a particular inter-
            national problem, e.g. the Kennedy Round.

            round dealing honest dealing.

            round figures ACCTS. & MAN. approximate;
            guessed; estimated: Jn round figures, roughly,
            the figure given usu. ending in one or more
            noughts (zeros): We have sold 996 tons, or in
            round figures 1000 tons. Cf. even; odd. Syn.
            round numbers.

            rounding bringing a value to the nearest (or
            next) higher whole number or to a round figure,
            such as a figure or quantity to the nearest (or
            next) 10, 100, 1000, etc., or a price to the
            nearest pound.

            round lot see round (2).

            round numbers see round figures.

            round-trip ticket see round, adj. (1).

            roup see auction.

            route n. (1) a way or course planned or taken to


            rule of law - 445

            get from one place to another or others: To
            travel by the shortest/cheapest/fastest route. (2)
            a regular course taken by a transport service:
            Our shop is on a bus route. The east coast rail
            route to Scotland. See also trade route.

            routine n. (1) a regular way of working; a fixed
            order for doing things: Office routine, the way
            the work is regularly done in the office. (2)
            COMP. directions given to a computer that cause
            it to perform a routine or common operation
            step by step, and sometimes to continue with
            a limited series of operations. A small program.
            adj. regular, not changing: Routine duties, those
            that have to be performed regularly, as opposed
            to special duties that have to be done whenever
            the need arises. Routine inspection.

            routing order TRANSPT. directions to a carrier
            about the way he is to send a consignment,
            such as Southampton/Cherbourg.

            roving wandering; moving about: A roving Sales-
            man, one who travels about looking for busi-
            ness. A roving commission, (a) a job that needs
            much travel, or (b) one that is not clearly
            defined but allows much freedom of action.

            royal charter see charter, 7. (1).

            Royal Mint see mint.

            royalty FIN. & LAW (1) money paid to the owner
            of a mine or other land for the right to extract
            minerals from it, usu. at an agreed rate per ton
            extracted. (2) money paid to the owner of a
            copyright for permission to publish copyright
            material, and to the owner of a patent for
            permission to use a patented design, usu. at an
            agreed percentage of the selling price of the
            product. (3) money paid by a publisher to an
            author, composer, etc. See also advance n. (1).

            royalty rent see under rent.

            R.P. return (of) premium; reply paid; repur-
            chase; recommended price.

            R/P. reprint; reprinting.

            R.P.I. retail price index.

            P.M. resale price maintenance.

            p.m. revolutions per minute.

            recommended retail price.

            rate-support grant. |

            railway sub-office.

            P. répondez s’il vous plait.

            R.1.B.A. rate to be agreed.

            rtn. return.

            rtng. returning.

            rubber-neck (U.S.A.) ToUR. a tourist who is
            keen to see all the sights everywhere. Cf. globe-
            trotter.

            rubbers sTK. EXCH. stocks and shares in compa-
            nies producing rubber.

            rubber stamp see under stamp.

            rule of law Law a basic principle of justice in
            English law, that all men are equal in regard
            to the law, including the government and its
            officials; that no one can be punished except
            by order of a court of law; and that every

            R.
            r.

            R.R.P.
            R.S.G.
            R.S.O.
            R.S.V.

            —_—


                evince -p 457 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            446 - rule, working to

            ght to personal freedom, and

            itl as the ri . Me
            scan h, of meeting and of associ

            freedom of speec

            ation. |
            rule, working to see working to rule. Least
            ruling adj. current: Al the price ruling at the
            of delivery. re 2
            ae decision or order made by a person or
            4 ority: The chairman made/

            Sen ees th
            organization 1n au | | <
            ae a ruling that the question was I" order. We

            2 court.
            await a ruling from the co
            rummage SHIPG. & TAXN. a careful search of a

            ship by customs officers. Syn. rummaging.
            rummage sale COM. see jumble sale under sale.
            rumour a report or story that is of doubtful truth
            or accuracy, usu. spread by word of mouth:
            Rumours of a devaluation caused nervousness in
            the commodity markets. Also (U.S.A.) rumor.
            run v. (1) CoM. to manage, to administer, to
            operate, esp. a business or other organization:
            The office manager runs the office ; his wife runs
            a hairdressing business. A well-run company/
            household, one that is made to work efficiently.
            (2) SHIPG. & TRANSPT. to make regular journeys
            (or voyages): The vessel runs between England
            and Egypt. A bus runs every hour/once an hour
            to the station.
            n. (1) CoM. a rush by customers to buy an article
            or commodity: The bakers’ strike has caused a
            run on bread. (2) SHIPG. a voyage: The vessel is
            now on her run to Bombay. (3) SHIPG. the dis-
            tance travelled by a ship in one day: The
            ship’s/day’s run was 300 miles yesterday. (4) BKG.
            see run on a bank. (5) STK. EXCH. see bull run
            under bull.
            runaway inflation see hyper-inflation.
            run down (1) SHIPG. to run into, collide with, a
            ship from behind: Our ship was run down by a
            tanker. (2) COM. & IND. to reduce the activities
            of a part or the whole of a business or factory
            usu. before closing it completely: We are run-
            ning down our business in Edinburgh before mov-
            ing it to Glasgow. (3) to reduce, esp. stocks of
            materials or finished goods, in order to improve
            the cash position of a business or before closing
            it down.
            running account see account current.
            running broker see bill-broker under broker.
            running costs see overhead costs under costs.
            running days SHIPG. in a charter-party, days
            that follow each other without a break, i.e.
            including Saturdays, Sundays and _ holidays.
            Abbr. r.d.
            running-down clause MAR. INSCE. the same
            as an owner’s risk clause except that the insurers
            will have to pay only a part of the amount of
            damages payable by the owners.
            run of paper aDvTc. the placement of an adver-
            tisement in a publication where no particular
            caer arn tas
            in hte: Gee on will be determined
            y anagement of the publication to suit

            Ee ee ia as .
            : ty iat

            — i Fo he
            aft ee
            es
            P \enk= .d

            their own convenience rather than that of the
            advertiser. The advertisement will then cost
            less than if a specific position (e.g. opposite
            the sports page) is to be guaranteed. Cf. facing
            matter. Abbr. R.O.P.

            ‘un on a bank BKG. a sudden rush by many of
            the customers and depositors of a bank to take
            the money out of their accounts because they
            fear that the bank may soon be unable to
            honour its debts. A run of depositors.

            ‘unm Out COM. & IND. to be or become finished:
            Our stocks of envelopes have run out. We have
            run out of stock, we have no stock left.

            ‘unway TRANSPT. a long strip of flat ground with
            a strong, hard surface on which planes can
            land and take off (fly away).

            R.V. rateable value.

            R.Y.C. in reply to your cable.

            ‘yot AGR. in the Indian subcontinent, a small
            farmer, either owning his own land or farming

            government land.

            $ summer loading (on load-line).

            3. steamer; shilling.

            5. South.

            >.A. Societe Anonyme.

            >/A. subject to acceptance.

            >.A.A.F.A. Special Arab Assistance Fund for
            Africa.

            sabbatical leave see under leave.

            sack n. (1) a large bag, made of paper, jute-fibre,
            plastic, etc. for holding loose materials such as
            grain, flour, coal. (2) a variable unit of measure
            based on the amount that a sack can hold: a
            sack of flour, 280 lb (127 kg); of wool, 364 lb
            (165 kg). 12 sacks of wool = 1 last or 4368 Ib
            (1981 kg). Abbr. sk. (3) (collog.) dismissal: To
            give someone the sack, to dismiss him. To get
            the sack, to be dismissed from a job. Syn. boot:
            kick; push. |

            sacrifice see equality of sacrifice.

            -4.@. stamped addressed envelope.

            safe a fireproof steel box or cupboard with very
            strong locks, for keeping money and valuable
            seats See safe custody; safe-deposit; night
            safe.

            safe custody BKG. in Britain, a service perform-
            ed by most commercial banks for their custom-
            ers, in taking charge and carefully guarding the
            safety of deed-boxes and packets of documents,
            esp. bearer bonds, by keeping them in locked
            strong-rooms. Cf. safe-deposit. Syn. safe-keep-

            ing.

            afe-deposit BKG. a building with special
            strong-rooms, usu. under ground, containing
            small safes which are hired out to customers
            for the storing of valuable articles such as


                evince -p 458 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            oney, bonds, etc. The customer
            keeps the fe but can gO ie See only during
            banking hours. Cf. safe custody.
            safe port see ee / industrial medicine.
            safety see ee ia pi
            . are. mca of market conditions,
            ev owering of prices: Prices sagged all day. A
            sagging market for industrials. | .
            eailing card SHIPG. a printed card given by ship
            ~ brokers to their clients listing the ships that
            they will be loading in the coming weeks, and
            giving such details as the ports at which the
            ships will be calling, the types of cargo that
            they will be carrying, and probable dates of
            sailing and arrival. Cf. sailings list under list
            (2). .
            sailings list see under list (2).
            sakia AGR. an ancient Arab method of providing
            water for irrigation by means of large water-
            wheels and raised channels. Some sakias are
            still in operation, esp. in Syria. Syn. noria.
            salable see saleable.
            salaried staff MAN. employees who are paid a
            salary, as opposed to those paid a wage.
            salary MAN. a regular monthly payment to an
            employee doing administrative work, esp. in
            an office, or carrying managerial responsibility.
            In Britain, salaries are expressed as an amount
            for a whole year, e.g. £12,000 p.a., but in
            many countries they are expressed as a monthly
            figure, e.g. £1000 p.m. Salaries are not closely
            related to the actual number of hours worked
            or the quantity of goods produced by the
            employee. Cf. wage; pay; remuneration. Syn.
            stipend.
            salary scale MAN. a table showing the rates of
            salary paid by an employer to employees at
            various levels (called grades) of rank, respon-
            sibility, skill and length of service. The scale
            may also show the increments (regular annual
            increases) that an employee will receive while
            he remains in the same grade.
            sale (1) Law sale of goods, see sale contract;
            contract to sell. (2) ACCTS. see sales, pi. (3) COM.
            (a) the exchange of goods for money; the act
            of selling: Our main business is the sale of houses.
            For sale, offered for sale: This shop/business/ $s
            house is for sale, the owner wants to sell it. On
            sale, can be bought: Newspapers are on sale_ s
            everywhere. See also sale or return; sales, pl. (b)
            a particular deal in which something is sold:
            On average our shop makes a sale every three
            minutes. (4) in a shop, the selling of goods at
            specially reduced prices for a limited period to
            get rid of goods remaining in stock. See end-
            of-season sale below. (5) the selling of goods or
            Property in public. See auction.
            auction sale see auction.
            bargain sale see under bargain.
            bring-and-buy sale see separate entry.

            jewellery,

            ae _ oo ent a :


            sale and lease back - 447

            cash sale see separate entry.
            clearance sale see separate entry. |
            closing-down sale a clearance sale at specially
            reduced prices of the entire stock of a shop
            that is closing down, i.e. about to stop trading.
            conditional sale a sale made under a contract
            that gives the seller the right to remain the
            owner of the goods or property until payment
            has been completed by the buyer. Examples: 4
            sale on consignment, on sale or return, On
            approval, and by instalments. Cf. firm sale
            below.
            credit sale see separate entry.
            direct sale see separate entry. |
            end-of-season sale a clearance sale in which
            stocks of goods, esp. clothing, left unsold in a
            shop at the end of a season are sold at reduced
            prices to clear space for the new season's stock.
            In Britain, many such sales take place in Jan-
            uary and July. Cf. clearance sale; closing-down
            sale. '
            firm sale (a) a sale at a fixed or agreed price.
            (b) a sale that is settled and is not conditional.
            forced sale a sale that takes place by order of
            a court of law, as opposed to a voluntary sale.
            Syn. winding-up sale. :
            hire-purchase sale a sale made under a hire-
            purchase agreement.
            jumble sale a sale of second-hand unwanted
            articles, usu. organized to raise money for char-
            ity. Syn. rummage sale.
            private sale a sale that is agreed privately by 1
            the seller and the buyer. Cf. public or auction
            sale.
            public sale an auction sale. See auction.
            ready sale a sale that is easy to make: There is
            a ready sale for rare postage stamps/new potatoes.
            retail sale a sale to a consumer, as opposed to
            wholesale.
            rummage sale see jumble sale above.
            short sale see selling short. 4,
            trade sale see separate entry.
            voluntary sale a sale made with the willing
            agreement of the owner of the goods being
            sold. Opp. forced sale.
            white sale a sale of linen.
            winding-up sale see forced sale above.

            aleable that can easily be sold. Also (U.S.A.)
            salable. Syn. marketable.

            aleage IND. & COM. that part of the total pro-
            duction of a commodity that is of saleable
            quality: The saleage of coal mined in Britain in
            1970 was 140 million tons, that part of the
            total tonnage was saleable, the rest being of
            unsaleable quality.

            ale and lease back com. an arrangement by
            which the present owner, usu. a company, sells
            an asset, such as a building or machinery, to a
            buyer for an agreed sum on the condition that
            the asset is immediately leased (hired) back to
            the seller at a fixed rent for an agreed period.


            on ee :
            yu 5 -

            - a."


                evince -p 459 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            448 - sale as seen
            thus able to get an i,
            supply of cash for use in ane aad
            also save some tax, an a ,
            satisfactory investment for his money.
            en coM. a sale made without any
            Se he seller regarding the condition
            guarantee by the SCien ee aie Finess for any
            of the goods sold, or of their fi
            ee Sr REE of sale
            see Sale.
            amare description CoM. a sale made coguni
            the agreed condition that the goods must oo
            spond closely with the description of them
            given by the seller. Cf. sale by sample.
            sale by sample com. a sale made under the
            agreed condition that the quality of the bulk
            of the goods must be at least as good as the
            quality of the sample. Cf. sale by description.
            sale charges MAR. INSCE. the expenses paid in
            selling goods that have arrived damaged. Syn.
            sale fees.
            sale contract LAW & COM. a contract for the
            sale of goods in which the seller agrees to
            transfer the ownership of the goods to the
            buyer, who agrees to accept them and to pay
            a sum of money called the price. The ownership
            of the goods usu. passes when the agreement
            is made or signed. If it is agreed that the
            ownership is not to pass until a later date, the
            contract becomes an agreement to sell or a
            contract to sell.
            sale fees see sale charges.
            sale of goods LAw the branch of English law
            that deals with the rights of the buyer and
            seller of any article or commodity other than
            land and buildings, money, and certain rights
            such as copyright and patent rights.
            sale of work com. a sale of articles made or
            given by the members of a society or club in
            order to collect money. Cf. bring-and-buy sale.
            sale on approval see under approval.
            sale or return LAW & COM. an agreement that
            allows the buyer of goods to return them to the
            seller within a stated time, or if no time has
            been fixed, then within a reasonable time. At
            the end of this time, the buyer must give the
            seller an account of his sales and must pay for
            any goods that he has not returned. Abbr.
            S.0.R.; S/R.
            sale, point of see point of sale.
            sale, power of see power of sale.
            sale price see under price.
            sale proceeds see proceeds.
            sale ring Com. (1) at an auction sale, a ring of
            buyers round the auctioneer. (2) an enclosure
            in a market in which animals are shown before
            being sold.

            Sale room COM. a room where articles are sold
            by auction. See also commercial sale rooms.
            Sales pl. (1) COM. & IND. the value of goods
            sold by a commercial organization in a given
            Period. See also sale, sing. (2) accts. the value

            The seller 1s

            from selling only those goods tha;
            ee eines and bought with the ee,
            tion of being resold at a profit in the norma]
            course of business, thus receipts from the sale
            of assets are not considered to be sales and are
            not so entered in the account books.
            export sales the value of goods sold to buyers
            ‘n other countries. Cf. home sales.
            gross sales see separate entry. |
            home sales the value of sales made to customers
            ‘n the home country, not sales of goods export-
            ed.
            impulse sales see impulse buyer.
            net sales see separate entry. —
            ready sales sales that are easily made, because
            the product is always in demand.
            sales account ACCTS. in book-keeping, a ledger
            account into which are posted on the credit
            side periodical totals of entries in the sales day
            book.
            sales agent see selling agent.
            sales analysis see analysis.
            sales apathy see sales resistance.
            sales book see sales day book.
            sales budget MAN. & ACCTS. an account of the
            probable future sales during a series of equal
            periods, e.g. weekly, monthly, quarterly, made
            as the first step in the whole budgeting process,
            since it shows the main source of revenue of
            the business.
            salesclerk (U.S.A.) COM. a salesman or sales-
            woman.
            sales, cost of see cost of goods sold.
            sales day book accts. in book-keeping, that
            section of the day book in which are recorded
            daily all sales of goods on credit. Each entry is
            posted from this book to the debit side of
            the ledger account of the customer concerned.
            Periodical totals are posted to the credit side
            of the sales account in the ledger. Cf. purchases
            day book. Syn. sold day book; sales journal.
            sales drive see drive.
            sales finance company see commercial credit
            company.
            sales forecast see forecast.
            salesgirl a saleswoman.
            sale(s) invoice see under invoice.
            sales journal see sales day book.
            saleslady a saleswoman.
            sales ledger see under ledger.
            sales letter ADVTG. a letter sent to possible

            customers for the purpose of interesting them
            in buying a product, or to remind them of its
            existence, or to suggest a personal visit to
            discuss the product.

            Sales literature apvtTG. any printed material
            produced by a manufacturer or importer that is
            intended to increase sales. Literature includes
            catalogues, brochures, prospectuses, etc.

            Salesman a man employed to sell goods: A
            motor-car salesman, one who sells motor cars.


                evince -p 460 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &


            sman, one who goes from
            s such as books,
            d other things needed in the home.
            U.S.A.) drummer. Fem. sales-
            saleslady. Cf. salesperson.
            commercial traveller.

            -_to-door sale
            A door —— eugilnased

            Syn. canvasser (
            woman; salesgirl,
            avelling salesman see

            aie manager see nee ee us

            salesmanship COM. special ski in : cing ,
            to persuade the public, or a particu ar ey
            to buy the goods one Is wanting to sell. mee
            pressure salesmanship, seé hard selling. The
            main methods used are persuasive talk, clever
            advertising and attractive presentation of the
            product itself. :

            sales-mix ACCTS. & MAN. in a business selling
            various types of product, the proportion that
            the sales of each type bears to the total sales
            of the business. From the rate of gross profit
            earned by each type, it is possible to calculate
            its contribution to the total gross profit and to
            compare its profitability with that of the other
            types.

            sales opposition see sales resistance.

            sales outlet see outlet.

            sales patter Com. (colloq.) the language used by
            salesmen and saleswomen when persuading a
            customer to buy.

            salesperson a person of either sex who is
            employed to sell goods or services. Cf. sales-
            man; saleswoman.

            sales promotion see under promotion.

            sales resistance com. (1) a general lack of
            interest by the public in buying a product,
            also called sales apathy. (2) unwillingness to be
            persuaded to buy a product that is not essential,
            also called sales opposition.

            sales response function IND. the relationship
            between marketing activity and sales levels.
            Generally, the higher the expenditure on mar-
            keting activity (e.g. advertising, sales force)
            the higher the sales, but there will come a
            certain point when extra expenditure is not
            worth while as the market demand is fully
            satisfied, and no extra sales can be gained
            whatever resources are directed to marketing
            activity. Finding this point is usu. the main
            purpose of work on the sales response function.

            sales returns account AccTs. a ledger account
            into which are posted on the debit side periodi-
            cal totals of entries in the sales returns book.
            Syn. returns inwards account.

            sales returns book acctTs. a book of prime
            entry in which details are entered of goods
            returned by customers. Each entry is posted to
            the credit side of the particular customer’s
            ledger account. Periodical totals are posted to
            the debit side of the sales returns account, Syn.

            a iio journal; returns inwards book.

            ee commercial sale rooms.
            Sales tax see under tax.

            Saleswoman a woman employed to sell goods

            p>

            Lh th


            sanctions, eCOnomic - 449

            usu. in a shop. Syn. salesgirl; saleslady. Cf.
            salesperson.
            Salop. Shropshire, England.
            salt n. (colloq.) money.
            v. to preserve for storing: Jo salt away money,
            to store it away for the future.
            salutation see greeting.
            salvage INSCE. (1) the act of saving goods from
            loss, e.g. by fire or shipwreck: A salvage
            company/tug/vessel. (2) the reward given or paid
            to persons who save goods, vehicles, ¢tc. from
            loss, and esp. ships in danger of, or after,
            shipwreck: Salvage charges, based on the value
            of property saved. (3) the goods or property
            saved from loss, also called salved goods}
            property.
            salvor INSCE. one who organizes or takes part in
            the salvage of goods, and esp. of a ship at sea.
            salvor’s lien the right of a salvor to hold the
            property he has saved until his claim for a
            salvage award (payment) has been settled.
            sample (1) CoM. an example, usu. given free, of
            an article or commodity being offered for sale,
            so that possible buyers can examine and test
            it. See dealer aids. (2) COMMOD. EXCH. a small
            part taken from a large quantity (the bulk) of
            a commodity being sold, such as tea, coffee or
            wool, and used as an example to show possible
            buyers the qualities of the bulk. See sale by
            sample. (3) QUAL. CONT. see acceptance sam-
            pling under acceptance (2). (4) ECON. THEORY
            in statistical enquiry, a small group chosen
            from a larger group for special study. To give
            satisfactory results, a sample should be both
            representative and random. See sampling.
            random sample one for which every item in the
            whole group had an equal chance of being
            selected.
            representative sample one composed of different
            items in the same proportions as in the whole
            group.
            sample fair see fair, n. (2).
            a a person employed to take, test, and
            port on samples of commodities, esp. raw
            materials for industry.
            sampling ECON. THEORY a method of statistical
            enquiry in which only a carefully chosen part
            called a sample, of the whole group of items is
            studied, and the results then applied to the
            whole group. In this way, the extent of the field
            of enquiry is greatly reduced: for example, to
            obtain the average age of the population at a
            of every peron in the population, bat caine
            Study a representative cieinbanl a ede
            sample. a
            sanction LAW a pen
            foncireshs on alty or punishment for
            sanctions, economic LAW & ECON. in inter-
            a law, action taken, usu. by a group of
            nes, against another country, by refusing

            ¥

            a



            ; — a +. iL
            A

                evince -p 461 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &


            450 - S. & L.
            to trade with it; the
            to carry out some leg
            international law. Also
            S. & L. savings and loan :
            sandwich course IND. In
            study, usu. for the Highe aia
            (H.N.D.). Higher Diploma (H.D.) ~ a a
            logical degree taken by a student 7 ae : “*
            part of his working ime as & trainee im ;
            industrial organization such as a factory, and
            the other part studying at an institution of
            higher education.
            sandwich man ADVTG. a man employed to
            walk about a town carrying in front of, and
            behind, him boards bearing advertisement
            posters. |
            sans frais BKG. (French, without expense) incur
            no expenses. Words sometimes written by the
            endorser of a bill of exchange, warning that he
            will not be personally liable to pay any expenses
            in connection with the bill. A/so retour sans
            frais.
            sans recours BKG. the French equivalent, some-
            times used in English, of without recourse. See
            recourse.
            S.a.p.l. sailed as per list (i.e. Lloyd’s List).
            S.a.r.l. (Jtalian, Societa a Responsabilita Limi-
            tada) the abbreviation for a limited company
            in Italy.
            Sask. Saskatchewan, Canada.
            satellite office COM. & MAN. a small branch
            office at some distance from, but controlled
            and managed by, a more important office of
            the same organization.

            satellite town ECON. a small country town at
            some distance from, but depending on, a more
            important town for its economic life.

            Satiable Wants, Law of see Diminishing Util-
            ity, Law of.

            Satisfaction see utility; a/so accord and satisfac-
            tion.

            Satisfaction, Memorandum of see Memor-
            andum of Satisfaction.

            Satyagraha IND. REL. in India, non-violent
            resistance used as a means of influencing others
            to see one’s view: The workers committed satya-
            graha by shutting the manager in his office. Cf.
            sit-in; strike.

            S. Aus., S. Austr. South Australia.

            $.a.v. stock at valuation.

            Save COMP. to transfer data from secondary
            memory to primary or auxiliary memory. See
            memory.

            Save as you earn BKG. & FIN. in Britain, the
            popular name for a government scheme for
            Organizing small savings. It consists of a con-
            tract between the government department for
            national savings and a private depositor who
            ee to save a fixed regular sum every month.

            iis sum may be paid by banker’s order, by

            tens deduction from wages or Salary, or in cash at

            intention is to force it
            al duty it owes under
            trade sanctions.
            association (U.S.A.)
            Britain, a course of
            r National Diploma



            ot affices. After five years, depositors recejye
            apse: but deposits left for a further
            two years receive another such bonus. A similar;
            savings scheme 1s operated by the Trustee
            Savings Bank and some building SOC ieties
            Abbr. S.A.Y.E. !

            save, propensity to see under propensity.

            saving (1) LAW an exception; as adj, iN @ saving
            clause, in an agreement, 4 Clause stating that
            in certain conditions the whole or some part
            of the agreement shall have no force in law.
            (2) BCON. THEORY the difference in the economy
            as a whole between income and expenditure on
            consumer goods. The situation in an economy
            when total income is greater than total con-
            sumption. Cf. hoarding. Opp. spending; Cises v-
            ing. (3) MAN. & IND. money and materials sa ved
            by economical working. (4) FIN. money, esp.
            profits, saved and put aside for future use, not
            spent or distributed.
            compulsory saving amounts spent by govern-
            ments when voluntary saving by private per-
            sons and businesses is insufficient for the
            growth of the economy. It is a form of forced
            canals saving that part of the profits of
            companies that is not distributed as dividends
            but is held and later used to buy capital goods
            needed to expand business.
            forced saving a reduction in the amount spent
            on consumer goods, caused by increased tax-
            ation or higher prices. Syn. forced frugality;
            compulsory saving.
            involuntary saving unintended saving, such as
            money locked up in an increase in a producer’s
            stock of finished goods, caused by reduced
            demand. Cf. voluntary saving.
            personal saving saving by private persons for
            later personal spending or for investment to
            produce personal income.
            voluntary saving in the economy as a whole,
            personal saving added to saving by companies
            in the form of undistributed profits and money
            set aside for depreciation. Cf. involuntary sav-
            ing.

            Savings FIN. & BKG. sums of money saved, not
            spent but put aside for future use and in the
            meanwhile invested or held as cash.

            Savings account see under bank account.

            Savings and Loan Association FIN. & BKG.
            co-operative organization that finances the
            building and buying of homes in the U.S.A.
            using money borrowed from investors. Syn.
            thrift; building and loan association: in Brit-
            ain, building society. Abbr. S. & L.: S & L.

            Savings bank BKG. a special kind of banking
            Organization that has been set up to encourage
            saving by members of the public and to organ-
            Ize the pool of small savings. In Britain, there
            is the Trustee Savings Bank and the National
            Savings Bank; and in the U.S.A., the mutual


                evince -p 462 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            vings banks and the stock savings banks. See

            Sa

            these below. * U.S.A., a co-ope-
            nk in the # ahwe . :

            antanl ned by its depositors

            a
            savings bank, © | at
            mi soo-operative society. Many mutual
            1 loans, administer trust

            safe-deposit service. Cf.

            rat
            and run as
            banks offer persona
            funds and pete .
            ~cek savings Dank.
            unead Savings Bank see yeparate ony:
            stock savings bank in the U.S.A., one of number
            of privately-owned banks that specialize in
            receiving and investing deposits from small
            savers. These banks usu. provide a cheque
            paying service and make loans. Cf. mutual
            savings bank.
            Trustee Savings Bank in Britain, a non-profit-
            making organization managed by trustees act-
            ing for savers under rules laid down by Parlia-
            ment. Current accounts earn interest and are
            guaranteed by the government. Cheque-paying
            arrangements and personal banking services
            are provided, such as the payment of standing
            orders, the storing of valuables in safe custody,
            and the buying and selling of government secu-
            rities. Abbr. T.S.B.

            savings bond FIN. (1) in Britain, a savings
            security guaranteed by the government. See
            national savings securities; see also premium
            savings bond. (2) in the U.S.A., U.S. savings
            bonds, which mature in eight or ten years and
            are not transferable, can be bought up to a
            limited amount for each investor. The EE
            savings bond is a zero-coupon bond, (paying
            no interest), issued at face values of $50 and
            $100 but priced at a discount of 50% off the
            face value. The HH savings bond is issued at
            values of $500 to $10,000 and matures in 10
            years with interest paid twice yearly only until
            maturity. Income from both EE and HH =:
            savings bonds is free of state and local tax but
            federal tax is payable on income from HH
            bonds.

            Savings certificate FIN. (1) in U.S.A. a govern-
            ment-guaranteed time deposit in a savings and
            loan association or in a bank, usu. for more
            than 12 months. Cf. money-market certificate.
            (2) in Britain, see national Savings securities.

            sawbuck (collog.) a U.S. ten-dollar note.

            Say Jean-Baptiste (1767-1832), French econom-
            ist, Professor of Industria] Economy, 1819-31,
            and of Political Economy, 1831-2, one of the
            Classical economists and a founder of the doc-
            trine of free trade. His Traité d'Economie Politi-
            que (1803) was the first popular book in French 4
            rs the principles of the subject. In it he

            veloped the idea, known as Say’s Law of
            eee that it is production which creates
            markets for goods; that supply always creates


            schedule - 451

            Keynes strongly criticized it as having no
            relation to modern economic conditions.

            S.A.Y.E. save as you earn.

            S.B.A. Small Business Administration.

            S.B.1.C. small business investment company.

            S.B.U. strategic business unit.

            sc. scruple.

            s/c self-contained; son compte.

            s.c. self-contained; salvage charges.

            S.C., SC South Carolina, U.S.A.

            scab see blackleg (1).

            scale see diseconomies of scale; economies of
            scale.

            scale fee FIN. & LAW a fee based on a standard
            scale of charges rather than on the amount of
            work actually done in a particular case: A

            solicitor charges a scale fee for the conveyance of

            a house.

            scalp v. STK. EXCH. (collog.) to buy and sell
            securities in small quantities and usu. at low
            prices, to make small but quick profits. NV.
            scalper.

            n. the small profit so made.

            scam (U.S.A. collog.) (1) a dishonest plan, esp.
            one for making money, such as a deceitful
            bankruptcy. (2) information, esp. of a secret
            nature. Syn. inside information.

            Scandinavia a region of northern Europe con-
            sisting of Norway, Sweden and Denmark; Fin-
            land, Iceland and the Faeroe Islands may be
            included.

            scanner see bar coding.

            scarce Currency see under currency.

            scarce goods ECON. THEORY goods the supply
            of which is insufficient to satisfy the demand:
            they therefore have a price, as opposed to free
            goods, which are freely obtainable and bear no
            price.

            ee the state of being scarce, of being
            insulncient to satisfy the demand: A Scarcity
            of labour/land/capital/r
            aie eT . /capital/raw materials. Cf. rarity.

            scarcity rent see under rent.

            scarcity value see under value.

            ae ite column centimetre.

            nario planning MAN. a phase in
            strategy where the possible chook ol beaide
            changes in the business environment are exam-
            ined in the form of various possible events and
            Situations that may happen. An organizatio
            can then Prepare its Strategy to meet the iia
            a 2 believes will occur. See also Delphi tech-
            ; €nvironmen Py.
            ch. schooner. estadaat ant

            onde ome ; one listing future events

            AC | eir ti ‘a ti

            a Abate at the time fixed Beantenaed
            Schedule. (2) LAW a list added to an

            of Parliament or other law ae obs eo

            document such as a deed, agreement, or

            insurance Policy. A schedule acts as a record


                evince -p 463 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            452 - scheduled flight

            of matters affected by the main document,
            which may be varied or added to from time to
            time. (3) TAXN. see schedules, tax.
            scheduled flight see flight (3). | —
            scheduled territories FIN. & BKG. in regard &
            British exchange control (when in force), the
            United Kingdom, including the Channel
            Islands and the Isle of Man, and also the
            Republic of Ireland. |
            schedules, tax TAXN. the six classes, lettered A
            to F, into which incomes are divided under
            British income-tax law:
            Schedule A income from the ownership of land,
            such as rents and premiums on leases.
            Schedule B income from woodlands that are
            grown as a business.
            Schedule C income from gilt-edged securities
            and some foreign loans paid in Britain.
            Schedule D income from trades, professions,
            interest and annual payments received, such
            as annuities.
            Schedule E income from employment: wages,
            salaries, directors’ fees.
            Schedule F income from company dividends
            and other distributions.

            Schein’s Syndrome see under Organization,
            Laws of.

            scheme a plan or arrangement; any orderly
            system or design that has been worked out in
            detail and perh. proposed or adopted officially
            or formally. See pension schemes; scheme of
            composition under composition.

            scheme of arrangement see scheme of com-
            position under composition.

            scheme of composition see under compo-
            sition.

            schooner SHIPG. a fast sailing ship, usu. with
            two masts and sails set lengthwise, not across
            the ship. Abbr. sch.

            Schumpeter Joseph Alois (1883-1950), Aus-
            trian economist, Professor of Economics at
            Czernowitz, Graz, Bonn and, from 1932 until
            his death in 1950, at Harvard. He was a very
            active writer in many fields of economics, esp.
            on the working of the capitalist system and the
            trade cycle.

            S.C.1.T. Special Commissioners of Income Tax.

            scoop (1) COM. (colloqg.) a large gain, such as
            the profit from a highly successful business
            venture. (2) (collog.) the publication by a news-
            paper of a news story before any others publish
            it.

            score (1) a set of 20, a unit used esp. 1n agricul-
            ture: A score of animals. (2) a weight of 20 or
            21 lb, used for weighing pigs and cattle.

            Scottish Agricultural Securities Corpo-
            ration Ltd. see Agricultural Mortgage Corpo-
            ration Ltd.

            scrambled merchandising coo. selling prod-
            ucts from a variety of product types, rather
            than specializing in a single type of product.


            The term is used esp. of specialist retailers who
            move away from their core areas into unrelated
            new product categories in order to expand or
            improve profitability,
            scrap mn. IND. material that has been thrown
            away as useless by its owner but still having
            some value if fit for recovery and reuse: An old
            ship sold as/for scrap. A scrap yard, a place
            where old things are broken up and where
            scrap materials are sorted and stored. Scrap
            metal/paper. See scrap value under value.
            ». to throw away or sell as scrap: The owners
            have decided to scrap the vessel.
            scratch (collog.) money. |
            scratch file CoMP. a file on which data is stored
            only temporarily; it is often used for rough
            working. |
            screening MAN. the selection of the best of a
            number of alternatives. Screening techniques
            are widely used in new product development,
            where any possible new product is considered
            in relation to the factors which will decide its
            success. See also opportunity analysis matrix.
            screw n. (1) SHIPG. a ship’s propeller. (2) (colloq.)
            wages or Salary: He gets a good screw.
            ». to cheat, obtain money by dishonesty or
            threats of violence.
            scrip STK. EXCH. (1) a temporary certificate or
            receipt given to an investor who has paid the
            first instalment of the price of government
            bonds or debentures in a company. (2) any
            certificate relating to bonds and debentures.
            See bearer scrip; deferred interest certificate.
            Also script. (3) scrip is said to be tight if very
            few of a company’s shares are obtainable.
            scripholder a person who owns scrip.
            scrip issue see under issue of securities.
            script (1) handwriting. The system of letters
            used in writing a particular language: The
            Arabic script. Hindi is written in the Devanagari
            script, English in the Roman script. (2) a short
            word for manuscript and typescript. (3) a docu-
            ment containing words to be spoken in a
            speech, play, film or broadcast. (4) STK. EXCH.
            see Scrip.

            scripts pl. answer-papers written by students at
            an examination.

            scrivener (1) originally a writer, a copier of
            documents. (2) FIN. a person who, for a fee or
            commission, places his clients’ money as loans
            to trustworthy borrowers.

            scroll COMP. a facility whereby a display unit
            will move through an entire file, new data
            appearing at one edge of the screen while old
            data disappears at the opposite edge.

            scrooge (collog.) a miser (from the name of
            a character in Charles Dicken’s A Christmas
            Carol, 1843).

            scruple a small measure of weight, 20 grains or

            one twenty-fourth of an ounce troy = 1.296 g.
            Abbr. sc.


                evince -p 464 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &


            appointed to examine and
            in a poll. Syn. teller. |

            using a ship to sink by letting
            If this is done for an unlaw-

            scrutineer a person

            count the votes cast
            scuttling SHIPG. ca

            her fill with nae

            urpose, it is barratry. :

            S C.W.S. Scottish Co-operative Wholesale

            Society.

            S.D. sea damage
            U.S.A. hie

            s.d. short delivery; sine die.

            sd. signed; sailed.

            S.D.R. Special Drawing Rights.

            S.E. South-East; Stock Exchange.

            S/E. Stock Exchange.

            sea-captain SHIPG. the master of a merchant
            ship.

            sea-chart see chart (1).

            seafarer SHIPG. (1) a sailor. (2) a traveller by
            sea.

            seafaring continually sailing the sea: A seafaring
            man, a seafarer. A seafaring nation, having
            many ships and sailors; doing much trade by
            sea.

            sea farming see mariculture.

            seafood fish, esp. shellfish, taken from the sea
            for use as food.

            sea-gOing see ocean-going.

            sea insurance see marine insurance under
            insurance, classes and kinds of.

            seal n. LAW (1) a common seal, see common seal.
            (2) on a deed, a small paper disc, usu. red,
            stuck near the signature as a solemn mark
            expressing agreement by the person signing.
            See also locus sigilli.
            v. (1) to fix a seal (on a document). (2) to close,
            e.g. an envelope or parcel, in such a way that
            it must be torn or broken open.

            seal, company see common seal.

            sealed-bid tender CoM. see under tender.

            sea mail see under mail.

            seaman’s lien see under lien.

            sea mile see under mile.

            seaplane TRANSPT. a plane fitted with floats
            instead of wheels, so that it can land on water.

            seaport see under port.

            search warrant see under warrant.

            season TOUR. (1) a time of the year when more
            people are touring or travelling than at other
            times: The tourist season. (2) most airline fares
            vary according to the season in which the
            journey is made. During the high or peak sea-
            son, when most people are travelling, fares are
            highest; in the winter or offpeak or dead season,
            when relatively few people are travelling, fares
            are lowest; and in between there is the shoulder
            season when fares are at a level between the
            other two.

            seasonal unemployment see under unemploy-
            ment.

            season ticket see under ticket.

            Seaway sHIPG. an inland waterway that is

            d: short delivery; South Dakota,

            seconds - 453

            sufficiently wide and deep for ocean-going
            ships, such as the St. Lawrence Seaway. Cf.
            ship-canal. |
            seaworthy SHIPG. & MAR. INSCE. of a ship,
            properly equipped and manned, and in a
            reasonably safe condition to make a sea voy-
            age. Opp. unseaworthy. N. seaworthiness.
            Sec. section; second; secretary; secretarial.
            S.E.C. Securities and Exchange Commission.
            second (1) the basic SI unit of time, one-sixtieth
            part of a minute of time. (2) one-sixtieth part
            of a minute of arc (angle). Sign: “. Abbr. sec.
            secondary action IND. REL. industrial action
            directed against an employer who is not the
            party involved in the industrial dispute, e.g.
            coal miners on strike may take secondary
            action by picketing power stations (large users
            of coal) as well as the coal mines themselves.
            secondary bank see finance house.
            secondary data MAN. & ADVTG. data used for
            marketing research which was originally col-
            lected for another purpose, i.e. the data already
            exists and is adapted to a new use, e.g. accounts
            data on customer orders used to assess market
            shares. Cf. primary data.
            secondary earner see earner.
            secondary industry see under industry.
            secondary occupations see manufacturing
            occupations under occupations.
            secondary production see under production.
            Second Board see Unlisted Securities Market.
            second-class mail see under mail.
            second-class paper BKG. & FIN. bills of ex-
            change, cheques, and promissory notes drawn
            on, or accepted, endorsed or guaranteed by,
            persons whose commercial reputation is not of
            the highest class. Cf. fine paper.
            seconder at a formal meeting, a person who
            seconds, i.e. supports personally, a motion pro-
            posed by somebody else. Every motion must
            have a proposer and a seconder.
            second-half adj. STK. EXCH. & ACCTS. relating
            to the second half of the financial year: Second-
            half profits showed a great improvement over the
            first-half.
            second-hand adj. com. of goods, not new; al-
            ready used; having had one or more owners
            already. The second-hand car market, that in
            which used cars are bought and sold. A second-
            hand clothes dealer/bookseller| furniture shop.
            adv. We bought this machine second hand.
            second language see under language.
            second mortgage see under mortgage.
            second of exchange see bill (of exchange) in
            a set.
            second-rate not of the best quality; of relatively
            poor standard: We refuse to buy second-rate
            goods, we will only buy goods of the best
            quality. Cf. first-rate.
            seconds COM. & IND. goods of second-rate qual-



                evince -p 465 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            454 - second via
            ity; goods that are below standard and are sold

            at a cheap Price. RT nd of exchange.
            second via BKG. & COM. et. Also secundia
            See bill (of exchange) in a set.
            via. afic ' a iarge
            secretariat (1) the a et a ees
            it or other administra
            aaron retariat is in New York. (2)
            tion: The U.N. Secretariat witha
            the officials and stafl collectively, aE
            «a -retary-General at their head, who carry ou
            Secretary-Genera ee cnet
            the secretarial work of such an a,
            He joined the secretariat of the state gover spiel
            secretary (1) a person who deals with paper-
            work, writes or types letters, keeps records,
            and makes arrangements. Abbr. sec.; Secy. (2)
            a person who is the head of a government
            department: The Secretary of State for Industry ;
            the foreign Secretary.
            company secretary see separate entry.
            honorary secretary see honorary.
            paid secretary see separate entry.
            personal secretary see private secretary below.
            private secretary an employee in an office who
            helps an official or executive with paperwork
            and other duties, taking dictation, typing let-
            ters and reports, keeping files, dealing with
            telephone calls, making arrangements for trav-
            el and entertainment, and receiving visitors.
            Syn. personal secretary; personal assistant.
            Secretary-General the highest executive
            officer of a large international organization,
            and the person in charge of its secretariat: The
            Secretary-General of the U.N.
            secret commission see bribe.
            secret reserve see hidden reserve under reserve.
            sector ECON. one of the parts into which a
            thing may be divided, esp. in economies, the
            divisions of the economy. See corporate sector;
            personal sector; private sector; public sector.
            sector chart see pie chart under chart.
            secular trend ECON. THEORY in the study of the
            trade cycle, the long-term tendency shown by
            the average course of economic activity during
            several trade cycles.
            secundia via BKG. a second of exchange. See
            bill (of exchange) in a set. Syn. second via.
            secure adj. safe; not in danger: A secure invest-
            ment, one that is not in danger of being lost. A
            secure job, one that is safe, from which the
            holder is not likely to be dismissed. To feel
            secure, to have no worries about the future,
            esp. about finances. Opp. insecure.
            v. (1) to make sure of obtaining: J secured the
            job against much competition. He managed to
            secure a loan from a friend. We have secured you
            a seat on the plane. (2) to make safe financially:
            To secure a loan, to make the loan safe for the
            lender by pledging or mortgaging property with
            him as security.
            secured bond see under bond n.
            secured creditor see under creditor.

            secured debenture see under debenture.

            secured debt see under debt.

            secured loan see under loan.

            securities STK. EXCH. investments generally
            and esp. stocks, shares and bonds which arg
            bought as investments. Formerly the word had
            a narrower meaning. debts or claims the pay.
            ment of which is in some way secured: but this

            meaning is seldom used in modern business

            language. |
            hearer securities see bearer security.

            dated securities see dated security.
            fixed-interest securities see separate entry.
            gilt-edged securities see separate entry.
            government securities see separate entry.
            listed securities see separate entry.
            long-dated securities see longs. =—=—
            marketable securities any securities that can be
            bought or sold on a stock exchange, esp. those
            that can easily and quickly be sold. Cf. non-
            marketable securities below. Syn. marketable
            ‘nstruments; tradable securities; tradable
            instruments.
            medium-dated securities see mediums.
            national savings securities see separate entry.
            negotiable securities see negotiable instrument.
            non-marketable securities in Britain, govern-
            ment securities that cannot be bought on the
            Stock Exchange, mainly those forming part of
            the national debt that consist of savings bonds,
            national savings certificates, premium bonds,
            terminable annuities, tax reserve certificates.
            Cf. marketable securities above.
            non-negotiable securities see non-negotiable
            instrument.
            quoted securities see listed securities.
            real securities mortgages of real property, i.e.
            land and buildings.
            short-dated securities see shorts.
            sterling securities see sterling security.
            ae Securities see marketable securities
            above.
            trustee securities in Britain, certain authorized
            securities, called narrower-range investments,
            in which, by law, a trustee must invest at least
            half of the total value of the trust moneys
            otherwise he may become personally respon-
            sible for bearing any loss that may be suffered
            by the trust. The other half may be invested in
            wider-range investments. See trustee invest-
            ee ee securities are: savings
            > ational savings certificates; deposits
            in the National Savings Bank and the trustee
            are it ; fixed interest securities issued
            other governments of the U.K.
            and the Isle of Man; Treasury bills; certain
            eee of Commonwealth coun-
            “S$, Geventures of U.K. companies; certain
            building society deposits; and certain mort-
            ceed pl charges on land. Syn. legal


                evince -p 466 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &


            es see annuity bond under bond.
            ties see unlisted securities.

            unlisted securities see separate eniry.

            undated securiti
            unlimited secur

            i hange Commission

            So anes) ie U.S.A., the com-
            ee that controls and administers the
            activities of stock exchanges and other markets
            ‘n which securities are bought and sold, its
            main purpose being to protect investors from
            fraud. See commission (2).

            Securities and Investment Board (S.I.B.)
            STK. EXCH. & FIN. the body set up in 1985 to
            govern the working of financial organizations
            in Britain. See also self-regulatory organiza-
            tions.

            securities exchange see stock exchange.

            securities, issue Of see issue of securities.

            securities market see stock exchange; also
            kerb market.

            securitization BKG., FIN. & STK. EXCH. (1) the
            tendency for large companies and other organ-
            izations to replace bank loans by issuing their
            own securities, which have the advantage that
            they are easily traded in the market and are
            called tradable or marketable instruments. (2)
            the tendency by banks to issue marketable
            instruments that can easily be traded instead
            of making direct loans to individual borrowers.

            security (1) MAN. & IND. REL. freedom from the
            danger of losing one’s job without good reason
            and compensation: Security of employment. See
            also social security. (2) LAW in Britain, the right
            called security of tenure of a tenant to continue
            to use or to live in leased property after the
            end of the lease or after being given notice to
            leave by the landlord, esp. in the case of short
            leases, furnished lettings, agricultural holdings
            and business premises. (3) FIN. & BKG. some-
            thing valuable given to a lender by a borrower
            to support his intention to repay a loan, such
            as: the title-deeds of a house; government or
            commercial bonds; debentures; stocks and
            shares; life insurance policies; documents of
            title to goods; or a guarantee by a third party.
            If the loan is not repaid, the lender has the
            right to recover the amount of the loan, any
            interest due, and his expenses, by selling the
            security for cash.
            collateral security see separate entry.
            dead security see separate entry.
            government security of a loan or bond, the
            quality of being guaranteed by the govern-
            ment; i.e. that payment of principal and
            interest will be paid by the government if the
            issuing organization does not or cannot pay
            when due.
            heritable security see heritable bond under
            bond, n.
            personal security see separate entry.

            security Capital see under capital.

            Security guard FIN. & BKG. a person employed


            self-employed person - 455

            to guard money and valuable documents, arti-
            cles, etc. esp. while being transported from one
            place to another. In Britain, such guards do
            not carry guns.

            security market see stock exchange; also kerb
            market,

            security printing IND. & FIN. the production,
            usu. in a security press, of secret or valuable
            documents under very strict control in order to
            avoid all danger of secrets being made known,
            or to prevent theft.

            Secy. Secretary.

            seen see sale as seen.

            see-safe CoM. (1) an agreement to sell goods on
            sale or return. See sale or return. (2) a variation
            of (1) by which the customer pays for the goods
            when they are supplied, but has the right to
            return for credit any remaining unsold at the
            end of an agreed period. In this way, the
            supplier sees his customer safe, i.e. makes sure
            that the customer is not left with goods he
            cannot sell.

            S.E.G. socio-economic grade. |

            segmentation MAN. & ADVTG. in marketing,
            the division of a market into sub-groups or
            segments which have similar needs. By appeal-
            ing to segments rather than the overall mar-
            kets, the product may be better distinguished
            and the customer’s needs met more closely.
            Markets may be segmented on the basis of
            (among other things) age, sex, location, lifestyle
            and usage pattern.

            seigniorage FIN. the profit made by a govern-
            ment from the manufacture or issuing of coins.
            It is the difference between the face value
            of the coins and the actual cost (brassage or
            mintage) of making them. Also seignorage.

            selected see choice.

            selection MAN. the process of choosing the best
            person to employ from a group of candidates
            during recruitment. Selection procedures are the
            means by which the decision is made, e.g.
            interviews and assessment centres.

            Self BKG. on cheques, a direction to the paying
            bank to pay to oneself, i.e. to the drawer of the
            cheque, thus: Pay self, means ‘pay me’. If the
            drawer is not a single person but an association,
            partnership, company or other organization,
            the direction to the bank is put in the plural,
            thus: Pay selves, meaning ‘pay us’. Such
            cheques are called sel/-cheques.

            self-assessment see under assessment.

            self-balancing ledgers accts. in book-keep-
            ing, ledgers that have a control account which
            proves them correct.

            self-contained of a house or flat, having its
            own kitchen, bathroom and lavatory, and a
            private entrance, so that none of these has to
            be shared with others. Abbr. s/c; s.c.

            self-dependent see self-sufficient. |

            self-employed person com. & IND. a person

            a a I ls i i

            a ae


                evince -p 467 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &


            456 - self-finance

            who works for himself, who is not employed
            by anyone else, such as the owner of a smalk
            business, a craftsman, artist, writer or jobbing
            gardener.
            self-finance see plough back. |
            self-help LAW (1) the right of a private person
            suffering from a nuisance caused by another
            person, to enter that other person Ss land to put
            an end to the nuisance. (2) his right to put a
            trespasser off his own land. , ;
            self-insurance INSCE. the accumulation of a
            fund of money out of present income as a
            reserve to provide for possible losses in the
            future that could easily have been insured with
            an insurance company. It is considered by
            some to be an unwise method of insurance
            because the loss may arise before the fund is
            big enough to meet it. Syn. own insurance.
            self-liquidating FIN. & BKG. of a loan, esp. a
            bank advance, repayable, with interest, in a
            short time out of the money received by the
            borrower from the sale of the product for which
            he needed the loan, such as a loan to a farmer
            to support him with money until after the
            harvest: or to a builder until he has completed
            and sold a new house.
            self-made of a person, one who has succeeded
            in life through his own efforts, although he
            began with no advantages such as education,
            money or family influence: A self-made man.
            self-managed learning MAN. a training pro-
            gramme in which the material studied and
            learned is chosen by the student rather than the
            instructor. The instructor’s job is to supervise,
            provide guidance and general advice, rather
            than to instruct.
            self-regulatory organization FIN. & STK.
            EXCH. in Britain, one of a number of associ-
            ations of financial traders whose duty is to see
            that their members obey certain agreed rules
            of business behaviour with the aim of protect-
            ing the public from unfair dealing and of keep-
            ing the confidence of investors. Abbr. S.R.O.s.
            S.R.O.s come under the general control of the
            Securities and Investment Board (S.I.B.) and
            include the following:
            Association of Futures Brokers and Dealers
            (A.F.B.D) mainly of members of the London
            commodity and financial futures exchanges.
            Financial Intermediaries, Managers and Brokers
            Regulatory Association (F.I.M.B.R.A.) mainly
            of dealers in securities, unit trusts and life
            insurance, including esp. many small firms.
            Investment Management Regulatory Organiza-
            tion (I.M.R.O.) mainly of firms that manage
            other persons’ money, esp. merchant banks,
            insurance companies, and managers of invest-
            ment and unit trusts and of pension funds.
            International Securities Regulatory Organiza-
            tion (1.S.R.O.) mainly of large foreign firms
            dealing in securities not traded on the London

            Stock Exchange, e.g. Eurobonds.
            Life Assurance and Unit Trust Regulatory
            Organization (L.A.U.T.R.O.) mainly of
            insurance companies, and unit trusts, esp.
            those managing pooled investments.

            self-service CoM. a method of selling goods.
            esp. in shops, stores and supermarkets, where
            customers choose and take from the shelves
            the goods they wish to buy, paying for them |
            when leaving.

            self-sufficient adj. ECON. of a country, able to
            produce all the goods and commodities that it
            needs, without buying them from other coun-
            tries. Syn. self-dependent. N. self-sufficiency.
            Cf. autarky; economic nationalism.

            sell v. coM. (1) to exchange something for money:
            I will sell you my watch for £10. He sold his
            house for £30,000. Opp. to buy. (2) to deal
            in by way of trade: We sell typewriters/fresh
            fruit/sports goods, we keep them for sale. To
            sell insurance, to arrange insurance contracts:
            To sell out, to come to the end of one’s stock:
            We have sold out of tickets; the tickets are/have
            sold out. To sell off, to get rid of one’s stock at
            a reduced price: They sell off their old stock every
            January. To sell up (a) to sell one’s business, (b)
            to sell one’s entire stock before closing the
            business; (c) to seize a debtor’s property to pay
            his debts. (3) to cause, influence, people to
            buy: Good advertising sells a product. See hard
            selling; soft selling. See undersell. (4) (collogq.)
            to persuade someone of the value of something :
            He sold the idea to them. (5) to be in demand;
            to be bought: This book sells well in Egypt; it
            sells mainly to students. To sell like hot cakes, to
            be bought by the public in large numbers.
            n. (collog.) (1) a disappointment; something
            that proves to be not what one was told it
            would be; sometimes, a swindle (dishonest
            deception): What a sell! (2) hard sell; soft sell,
            see hard selling; soft selling.
            a sell-out a show for which all tickets have
            been sold.

            sell, contract to see sale contract.

            seller (1) a person who sells something. Syn.
            vendor. (2) as suffix, -seller, to a commodity, a
            dealer in that particular commodity: A book-
            seller, a printseller. (3) a thing that is easily sold:
            The novel was a best-seller, it had a very large
            sale, better than that of (most) other novels.
            marginal seller ECON. THEORY a seller whose
            revenue from sales 1s equal to his costs; if his
            costs increase or his revenue falls he will be
            forced to stop trading.

            seller's lien see vendor’s lien under lien.

            sellers’ market see under market.

            sellers’ monopoly see under monopoly.

            seller(s) no buyer(s) stk. EXCH. describes a
            situation where there are people who want to
            sell a particular share/stock but cannot because


                evince -p 468 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            nting to buy. Abbr. S.N.B. See also

            ver. Cf. buyer(s) no seller(s).

            ants ‘option to double see put-of-more
            je neces weer’ aii aeebyast EXCH. of market

            sellers over STR. . ll
            conditions, when there 1s an excess of sellers
            over buyers, or when there are no buyers at
            all: There were sellers over in the market, there
            were few buyers. Cf. buyers over. See also
            seller(s) no buyer(s). |

            selling finding a buyer; offering to sell; persuad-
            ing people to buy.
            direct selling see direct sale/selling.
            distress selling see separate entry.
            forced selling STK. EXCH. an unwilling sale of
            shares by a shareholder who is forced to obtain
            cash to pay his debts.
            hard selling see separate entry.
            inertia selling see separate entry.
            personal selling the work of persons specially
            employed to keep in direct touch with cus-
            tomers by means of personal conversations,
            visits, phone calls and letters. Employees doing
            such work include shop assistants, commercial
            travellers and representatives, salesmen and
            saleswomen.
            pyramid selling a dishonest sales practice for-
            bidden by law in many countries: a manufac-
            turer, usu. of goods used in the home, persuades
            a number of agents to invest in a stock of his
            products; each agent then persuades a number
            of other agents to buy some of his stock at a
            higher price; and each agent in addition pays
            a commission to the agent from whom he
            bought stock and to the original supplier. Thus
            a pyramid (a solid figure usu. with a square or
            triangle as base and flat sloping sides meeting
            in a point at the top) is built up, with the
            original supplier at the top and perhaps some
            hundreds of agents at the bottom. The practice
            is dishonest because the last agents are left
            with more stock than the market can possibly
            absorb and they can therefore sell only at a
            loss.
            switch-selling see bait-and-switch.

            selling agent com. one who sells goods for his
            principal. Cf. buying agent. Syn. sales agent.

            selling costs COM. & IND. that part of the
            distributive costs that relates to advertising
            and display, salaries and commissions paid to
            salesmen, and after-sales service.

            selling expenses see under expenses.

            selling out sTK. EXCH. action taken by an official
            broker of the Stock Exchange in selling securit-
            ies that have not been paid for by the buyer
            by the due date. Cf. buying in.

            Selling price see offer(ed) price under price.

            Selling short sTK. & COMMOD. EXCH. the action
            of a seller in promising to deliver at an agreed
            price, and at a fixed future date, a security or
            commodity which he does not yet possess but

            no-one is wa

            ik

            saz

            off

            ry wey

            ama th Par

            oo

            sensitivity analysis - 457

            which he expects to obtain at a lower price
            before he has to deliver it. Syn. short sale.

            selves see self.

            semi- prefix, half; partly: Semi-skilled labour;
            semi-finished goods, goods that are only partly
            manufactured. Semi-durable goods, consumer
            goods that may be expected to last only a few
            years, such as household china and glass, and
            some kinds of clothing. Semi-annual, happen-
            ing every half-year, or twice in each year.
            Similarly semi-monthly, semi-weekly.

            semiconductor COMP. a material such as silicon
            that is used in computers and other electronic
            equipment because at ordinary temperatures
            its power to pass an electric current lies
            between that of a metal and that of an insulator
            (a material that does not let a current pass).

            semi-detached see detached.

            ;emi-monthly twice in each month.

            seminar MAN. a meeting of a group of people
            to receive and exchange information about a
            particular subject.

            >en. Senior.

            s$enegambia (1) the land between the Senegal
            and Gambia Rivers in West Africa. (2) The
            confederation (political union) of the republics
            of Senegal and Gambia which aims to combine
            and develop the economic and monetary sys-
            tems and to settle common policies on joint
            problems such as foreign affairs and communi-
            cations. Each republic keeps complete power
            to rule itself.

            senate see Congress.

            sender see consignor.

            senior after a name, the elder: Thomas Jones
            Senior, the father of Thomas Jones Junior. Cf.
            Junior. Abbr. Sen.; Sr.

            senior Nassau William (1790-1864), English
            classical economist, the first Professor of Politi-
            cal Economy at Oxford (1825). His main work,
            An Outline of the Science of Political Economy,
            gave the first explanation of the modern theory
            of capital. He is considered to be one of the
            earliest teachers of pure economics.

            senior executive see under executive.

            seniority MAN. & IND. REL. the state of being
            higher in rank, in age, or in length of service,
            than other employees in the same organization.

            senior partner see under partner.

            sensitive STK. EXCH. quickly and strongly affec-
            ted by some outside influence: Equities sensitive
            to Wall Street, securities (on the London Stock
            Exchange) that go up and down in price
            according to whether American investors are
            buying or selling international stocks and
            shares.

            sensitivity analysis MAN, & FIN. an analysis of
            the assumptions behind forecasts to see how
            sensitive they are to changes in the environ-
            ment, e.g. if a budget assumes a 5% growth

            bam,


            af —_

            ~\
            ‘,
            J

            rate in the market, a sensitivity analysis might 3


                evince -p 469 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &


            458 - sentence

            ° srowth
            consist of calculating the effect of a 1% 8

            rate. :
            sentence LAW the punishment orde

            court of law for a criminal offence, usu.
            or a period of imprisonment.

            Sepon see Talisman. oe ecuietain
            sequential ae ik akon sort
            ee ca asin sequence, beginning
            through all the records 1 ; to the record
            with the first record, until it comes to the
            requested. The search thus takes longer for
            some records than for others. Cf. direct access.
            sequestration Law (1) the seizing and heats
            of property by order of a court of law, whi ea
            claim to ownership of the property 1S being
            settled by the court; or while the estate of a
            bankrupt is being divided among his creditors.
            (2) in Scotland, a bankruptcy. _
            sequestrator n. the person appointed by the
            court to hold property seized by order of the
            court.
            serang SHIPG. (1) in India, the captain of a small
            ship. (2) a man in charge of a group of workers,
            esp. in loading or unloading a ship; a foreman.
            serf ECON. HIST. a villein. See feudal system.
            serfdom ECON. HIST. the social and economic
            condition of the serfs or villeins under the
            ancient feudal system in Europe, which bound
            them to perform services for the lord of the
            manor. See feudal system.
            serial number the number given to a unit in a
            series: The serial number of a bond, the number,
            written or printed on the bond, that distingui-
            shes it from all other bonds of the same issue.
            servant (1) a person who serves (works for)
            another person for pay; an employee, esp. (a)
            a person who performs household duties in
            a private house, hotel or boarding house: A
            domestic/general servant. A maidservant. A man-
            servant; (b) a person who works for the State:
            A Civil/government/public servant. (2) LAW a
            person who is bound by a contract of service
            to work for another person. See Master and
            Servant, Law of.
            service n. (1) the act of being helpful or useful:
            To be of service to the community. To have a
            spirit of service. We are at your service, ready to
            help you. (2) (a) a regular supplying of some-
            thing helpful to the community and in public
            demand: A bus/train/boat/air service. A private
            taxi/car-hire service. (b) a public organization
            controlling and operating such help: The Fire
            Service. The National Health Service. The armed
            services. (3) the art of serving somebody, esp.
            as an employee: He has left/joined/retired from
            the company’s service. She is in service, employed
            as a domestic servant. (4) (usu. pi.) the work
            done by an employee, consultant, adviser, or
            helper of any kind: We shall pay you for your
            services. We need the services of a solicitor. (5
            the length of ti ea?)
            at me that an employee serves the

            red by a
            a fine

            - E red after 40 years’ service
            san ee ie the nen of a writ or
            es oat Sac service of process. (7) the care
            Stak hotels, the serving of food and
            Sul in restaurants, and the attention to the
            needs of customers in shops: The jood was good
            but the service was bad. Expensive shops often
            give the worst service. (8) COM. & IND. the regular
            repairing of machines: An after-sales service.
            (9) ECON. THEORY See services, pl.
            after-sales service see separate entry.
            door-to-door service see separate entry.
            pensionable service the number of years of an
            employee’s service that count when calculating
            the amount of his pension when he retires.

            y. (1) IND. of machines, to put or keep in good
            working order. (2) FIN. to pay the interest on
            debt.

            eine agreement (1) LAW & MAN. the legal
            document containing a contract of service
            between an employer and an employee. In
            many cases it means the same as a service
            contract. (2) see after-sales service.

            service charge (1) in a hotel or restaurant, a
            charge sometimes added to a bill, usu. 10% or
            15%, to pay for the service given in waiting on
            the guest or customer. If such a charge 1s made,
            it is not usu. considered necessary to give any
            tip or gratuity, because, by agreement, the
            money collected from the charge Is divided
            among the staff as an addition to their pay. (2)
            a handling charge, see under handling. (3) FIN.
            a fee paid, or charge made, to a person or
            organization for services in arranging a loan.
            (4) a charge made by the managers of a block
            of flats or offices to each of the occupiers to
            cover the cost of common services, i.e. the
            services needed for the common parts of the
            building. The charge may pay for local govern-
            ment rates, and the cost of the supply services:
            water, electricity, gas, telephones, cleaning,
            repairs and upkeep of the premises, and the
            management fees.

            service contract LAW & MAN. a contract of
            service by which a company agrees to employ
            a director, manager or high executive for a
            stated period and for a stated Salary or other
            payments. In Britain, service contracts must
            by law be shown to all members of the company
            (i.e. shareholders) if requested by any of them.

            service, contract of see contract of service.

            service flat a flat (U.S.A.. apartment), the rent
            for which includes the cost of providing dom-
            estic service for cleaning, etc.

            service industry see tertiary industry under
            industry.

            serviceman (1) a person who is a member of
            the armed forces of a country, i.e. the Army,
            Navy or Air Force. (2) a person who does the
            work of servicing machinery etc.
            ex-serviceman a former member of the forces.


                evince -p 470 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            a —

            nder occupations. S
            i ccupations see u |
            a of process LAW the formal delivery of
            ee a or summons to the person or yet
            ek to whom it is addressed, i.e. the defend-
            Zz

            ant. ’
            rsonal servi

            by the court
            This may be

            sabetitated service if ordered by the court, ser-

            a st; or personally on some person
            es 7 selniee who will tell the defendant
            of the existence of the writ or summons; or by
            advertisement in newspapers. See acceptance
            of service under acceptance (1).
            service road a road in a town, other thana_ s&
            main road, giving access for vehicles serving, $s
            esp. delivering goods to, shops, hotels, etc.
            without hindering traffic on the main roads.
            services ECON. THEORY that class of economic
            goods that consists, not of commodities but of
            the work of human beings in the form of s&s
            physical labour, skilled knowledge and advice, s&s
            and organizing and commercial ability. These
            forms of work are scarce and command a price.
            See services to trade; service occupations under
            occupations; tertiary industry under industry.
            commercial services see separate entry. S
            consumer services those services that are used
            widely by consumers in their daily life,suchas: ss
            hairdressers; cleaners; repairers of household
            machines, electrical apparatus, houses and
            vehicles; plumbers; gardeners; all of whom are
            paid for their labour rather than for any article
            or commodity that they supply.
            direct services see separate entry.
            industrial services see separate entry.
            professional services the highly skilled services ss
            of members of the professions, such as account-
            ants, architects, doctors, lawyers.
            public utility services see supply services below.
            supply services the public utility services sup-
            plying water, electricity, gas, telephones, etc.
            to the consumer in private houses, and com-
            mercial and industrial properties.
            services, contract of see contract of services.
            service Station COM. & TRANSPT. a petrol-filling
            station, usu. with limited arrangements for
            Servicing motor vehicles and for effecting small
            repairs. S
            Services to trade ECON. those economic activi-
            ties, such as banking, insurance and transport,
            that help traders by making their work easier
            and by reducing risks.
            oe - of debts, the payment of the
            male — e IND. of machines, the work of
            order. (3) com oe ae in good working
            the goods to ethe , aad : — es
            ments hens t sind 4 reparing the docu-
            © supply and dispatch goods

            ce delivery by a person authorized §$
            to serve writs and summonses.
            done at any time except on Sun-

            ordered by a customer,


            settlement - 459

            ervitude LAw a right possessed by one person
            to use the land of another for certain purposes,
            or to prevent such use. The right may be an
            easement or a profit a prendre.

            ervo-control see servo-mechanism.

            ervo-mechanism IND. an electronic or me-
            chanical apparatus which controls machinery
            automatically. Syn. servo-control.

            ession (1) STK. EXCH. a working day on the
            Stock Exchange: Share prices fell steadily
            throughout the session. (2) (a) a formal meeting
            of an organization, esp. 4 law-making body or
            court. (b) a time, esp. a part of a year, during
            which such meetings take place: Parliament
            will be in session again next month.

            et see bill (of exchange) in a set.

            etback (1) STK. EXCH. a fall in prices after a
            period when they were rising: After an early
            setback, prices advanced steadily. (2) a small
            reduction in business activity after a period of
            increase. |

            et of bills see bill (of exchange) in a set. —

            et off ACCTS. & TAXN. to reduce a debt or claim,
            e.g. for tax, by taking off an amount that has
            been agreed or is allowed by law; I/nterest
            payments by private persons may be set off against
            income tax.

            et-off LAW & ACCTS. the balancing of one debt
            against another, or of a gain against a loss.

            etting-up cost IND. the cost of changing a
            machine or group of machines between the
            end of the production of one product and the
            beginning of the next, esp. the cost of set-up
            time or idle time, during which the machine(s)
            and the persons working on them produce
            nothing. Also (U.S.A.) set-up cost; starting-
            load cost.

            ettle (1) to pay (a bill, debt, charge, etc.). (2)
            LAW To settle out of court, of a lawsuit, to come
            to an agreement before the case is decided in
            court. (3) LAW To settle land, to make a legal
            settlement of land or other property in favour
            of somebody. See settlement (4). (4) LAW To
            settle an estate, to complete the division of the
            estate of a dead or bankrupt person among the
            persons having the legal right to it.

            ettled land Law land that is held and admini-
            stered by one or more trustees under a settle-
            ment.

            ettlement (1) FIN. the act of settling, of paying
            (a bill, debt, charge, etc.). (2) IND. REL. the
            ending of an industrial dispute by the parties
            reaching agreement. (3) STK. EXCH. see
            Account, The; Account Day. (4) Law a docu-
            ment, in the form of a deed or a will, setting
            up a trust, by which the settlor or donor
            appoints one or more persons to be trustees to
            hold and administer land or other property,
            Such as money or investments, in the trust
            for the benefit of one or more persons called
            beneficiaries. See trust instrument.


                evince -p 471 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            460 - Settlement Day

            ante-nuptial settlement a settlement made

            before marriage. es
            marriage settlement a settlement made, usu. but

            's before a marriage, limiting the use
            ren eae of property in trust and ree i
            special provision for the wife and on ¢ beh
            of the marriage. Such a settlement is not a
            voluntary settlement because marriage 1s, In
            law, itself a valuable consideration.
            post-nuptial settlement a settlement made after
            marriage. Cf. ante-nuptial settlement above.
            voluntary settlement a settlement that brings
            the settlor no valuable consideration, such as
            one made by a father out of love and affection
            for his daughter. Cf. marriage settlement above.
            Settlement Day see Account Day.
            settlement discount see cash discount; settle-
            ment terms under term.
            settlement terms see under term, n.
            settler (1) a person who settles, goes to live
            permanently, in a new or distant country. (2)
            LAW a Settlor.
            Settling Day (1) sTK. EXCH. see Account Day.
            (2) COMMOD. EXCH. see Prompt Day.
            settior LAW a person who settles land or other
            property on somebody, under a settlement or
            trust deed. See settlement (4); also settler. Syn.
            donor. A/so settler.
            several LAW separate. See joint and several.
            severance pay MAN. & IND. REL. money paid
            by an employer to an employee as compen-
            sation for loss of employment when the
            employee’s services are brought to an end
            through no fault on his part. Cf. redundancy
            pay.
            sex discrimination IND. REL. & MAN. unfair
            treatment of an employee or potential
            employee on the grounds of sex. Such discrim-
            ination is illegal in many countries. See also
            equal opportunities.
            S/Fee survey fee.
            S.G. ship and goods.
            S.g. specific gravity.
            sgd. signed.
            shadow price see under price.
            shaduf aGR. an ancient apparatus worked by
            hand for lifting water into channels to irrigate
            the land, still much used in Egypt and some
            other Arab countries, and in India, where it is
            called a denkli or paecottah. Also shadoof
            shadouf.
            shady (collog.) of doubtful honesty, therefore not
            to be trusted. A shady company/customer/|
            financier. A shady deal/transaction, one made by
            or with a shady person and therefore probably
            dishonest.
            Shaikh see sheikh.
            shake-up MAN. & STK. EXCH. a complete change
            in the organization of a business, esp. the
            directors of a company, or in its capital struc-
            ture: A capital Shake-up. See reconstruction,

            shaky financially unsatisfactory.
            sham see bogus.
            share STK. EXCH. a particular separate Part o,-
            portion into which the capital of a company jg
            divided, thus, ¢.g. a company may have
            capital of £1 million divided into two Million
            shares of 50p each. Each share gives the Person
            who possesses it, called a member or Share.
            holder, a part of the ownership of the company,
            which means that he has the right to recejye 4
            share in the profits and to share in its manage.
            ment. The main classes of shares are: ordinary
            shares; deferred shares; preference shares anq
            founders’ shares; but there are many variations
            of these. Shares can be bought and sold on a
            stock exchange in lots or parcels according to
            their price. In a limited liability company, the
            liability of the shareholders is limited to the
            amount of their shares in the company. See
            limited liability company under company. In
            the U.S.A., although the capital of a stock
            corporation, the equivalent of a company, is
            divided into shares, they are called stock and
            their holders are called stockholders. See stock
            6).
            ot share a class of ordinary share. See multiple
            voting share below.
            amusement share see separate entry.
            ‘B’ share a class of ordinary share. See multiple
            voting share below.
            bearer share a share that is issued to bearer,
            i.e. to no named person. It can be transferred
            (passed on) to another person simply by deliv-
            ery (handing it over). It is not registered in the
            books of the company as belonging to any
            named person. Such shares are unusual in Brit-
            ain. Cf. registered share.
            bogus share see under bogus.
            bonus share see bonus shares.
            cash share one of a number of shares issued for
            cash, as distinguished from shares issued for
            consideration other than cash. See vendors’
            share below; cash capital.
            commercial share see commercials.
            common share see ordinary share below.
            contributing share see partly-paid share below.
            convertible preference share a preference share
            (see below) paying a fixed rate of interest until
            it is converted at a stated time into an ordinary
            share paying a dividend. Syn. (pl.) convertibles.
            In U.S.A., convertible preferred stock.
            cumulative preference share a Class of prefe-
            rence share on which the dividend accumulates
            at a fixed rate if not paid every year. See
            cumulative dividend under dividend. Cf. non-
            cumulative preference share below. Abbr. cum.
            pref.
            deferred ordinary share the usual kind of
            deferred share (see below). Abbr. D.O.
            deferred share (a) a special class of share on
            which a dividend can be paid only after all


                evince -p 472 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            ee


            of share such as preference, ordi-
            ed ordinary shares have been
            ares are usu. held by founders,
            nagers and are some-
            shares often

            fits
            large proportion of the pro
            er slid ordinary shareholders have

            ther kinds
            ail and preferr
            paid. Deferred sh

            romoters, vendors or ma =
            (imes named accordingly. suc

            receive a VELY

            -emaining aft gee
            ‘4 an agreed rate of dividend.
            penne f ‘efereed share is that which

            ther form oO cre
            satel little or no dividend at first, but after

            an agreed time will receive the same rate of
            dividend as the ordinary shares.
            directors’ share see qualification share below.
            equity share an ordinary share. See also equity
            of a company.
            excess share one of a number of shares in a
            rights issue not bought by the existing share-
            holders. Some companies offer to sell these
            excess shares to other members (existing share-
            holders). |
            forfeited share a share that has been given
            up because the shareholder to whom it was
            allotted, and who has paid part of its value,
            has not kept his promise to pay the balance
            when called by the company.
            founders’ share a class of deferred share that is
            sometimes issued to the founders of the com-
            pany (the persons who first formed it). See
            deferred share (a) above.
            fractional share one of a number of parts into
            which a whole share has been divided. See
            fractional certificate.
            fully-paid share a share of which the full face
            or nominal value has been paid up. Cf. partly-
            paid share below. Abbr. f.p.
            growth share see separate entry.
            head share in a rights issue, one of the shares
            that are already held by shareholders, as com-
            pared with the new shares the right to buy
            which is now being offered to each shareholder.
            In this situation should a shareholder sell rights
            or head shares? See also rights issue under issue
            of securities.
            industrial share see industrials.
            inscribed share see registered share below.
            irredeemable preference share a preference
            share that the company issuing it has no right
            to redeem (to buy back).
            junior share see ordinary share below.
            management share a deferred share intended
            for the managers of a company as a means of
            increasing their interest in the success of the
            company. Syn. managers’ share.
            managers’ share see management share above.
            marked share a share of which the share certifi-
            ae a mark or record that rights offered
            pa = are have been taken up (exercised).
            sane, voting share one of two kinds of ordi-
            ; ere: that a company may issue, usu.
            called ‘A’ shares and ‘B’ Shares. ‘A’ shares ma
            carry only limited voting richt ce y
            g rights, or even none


            share - 461

            at all; they are usu. issued to the public. ‘B’
            shares carry full voting rights and are usu.
            reserved for issue to the original owners as 4
            means of keeping control of the company in
            their hands. See non-voting share below.

            new share one of a number issued in exchange
            for old shares in a fixed proportion, ¢.g. of one
            new share for three old shares. Cf. old share.
            non-cumulative preference share a class of pref-
            erence share on which the dividend does not
            accumulate if not paid every year. Cf. cumu-
            lative preference share above.

            non-participating share a preference share that
            carries no right to any share in the profits, but
            only to a fixed rate of dividend. Cf. participat-
            ing share below.
            non-redeemable preference share a kind of pref-
            erence share which the issuing company cannot
            redeem (buy back) or convert (change) into an
            ordinary share. _—

            eit share a class of share the holder of
            which does not have a legal right to a vote at
            a general meeting of the company. Preference
            shares are usu. non-voting. Some ordinary
            shares, usu. called ‘A’ shares, are also non-
            voting. See multiple voting share above. Syn.
            voteless share.

            no-par-value share a kind of share sometimes
            issued by limited liability companies in the
            U.S.A., Canada and Belgium, that have no
            nominal or par value. Such shares are not
            allowed by law in Britain and many other
            countries. Dividends on no-par-value shares
            are not given as a percentage of the nominal
            value, but as a fixed amount of money per
            share. Abbr. n.p.v.(s)

            old share see new share above.

            ordinary share the largest class of share, the
            owners of which have the right to share in the
            profits of the company after the preference
            shares have been paid their dividend but before
            the deferred shares. Ordinary shares may be
            preferred ordinary shares or deferred ordinary
            shares. Ordinary shareholders carry most of
            the risks: if profits are low, they get little or no
            dividend, but if profits are high, they may get
            a much higher return than do the holders of
            other classes of capital. Syn. common share;
            equity share; junior share.

            paid share see partly-paid share below. Also
            fully-paid share above.

            participating preference share a class of prefe-
            rence share the holder of which receives not
            only the fixed dividend but also the right to
            a limited participation (share) in the profits
            remaining after the ordinary shares and the
            deferred shares have received an agreed per-
            centage.

            partly-paid share a share of which the face or
            nominal value has been only partly paid up.
            Nowadays in Britain, issues of partly-paid up


                evince -p 473 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &



            462 - share

            shares are made only in the
            o allow shareholders to p
            nts over severa
            Syn. paid share.

            ‘istered share below.

            case of rights
            ay for the new

            arnt imonths.Cf.

            shares by instalme
            fully-paid share above.

            rsonal share see regi |
            ea ies share a share that receives a fixed

            ‘vidend that must be paid before any
            oe paid on ordinary shares or deferred
            shares. Preference shares may be: convertible
            preference shares, cumulative preference
            shares; non-cumulative preference shares ; par-
            ticipating preference shares; participating
            cumulative preference shares; participating
            non-cumulative preference shares ; redeemable
            preference shares. See these above and below.
            preferred ordinary share a class of ordinary
            share the holders of which have the right to be
            paid a dividend of at least an agreed amount
            before the deferred ordinary shares. Not to be
            confused with a preference share.
            qualification share one of a number of shares
            in a company which a person must hold to
            qualify for election as a director of that com-
            pany, if this is provided in its Articles of
            Association. Syn. directors’ (qualification)
            share.
            quoted share a share in a company for which
            an official quotation has been granted by the
            Stock Exchange. Cf. unquoted share.
            recovery share a share which is priced much
            lower than it has been in the past; some inves-
            tors are attracted to recovery shares because
            they believe that most will go back up to
            previous levels.
            redeemable preference share a preference share
            that the company has the right to redeem (to
            buy back), at any time it may decide.
            registered share a share that is registered in the
            books of the company in the name of the
            owner. Cf. bearer share. Syn. inscribed share:
            personal share.
            specified preference share a kind of preference
            share which the issuing company (a) can at
            some future date redeem (buy back) or convert
            (change) into an ordinary share; or (5) will at
            the wish of the holder convert into an ordinary
            share.
            split share a share that is being, or has been,
            split or divided into a number of new shares.
            See splitting shares.
            subscription share a share in a building society
            that is, by arrangement, bought by regular
            instalments. Such shares receive the highest
            rate of interest of all building society shares.
            term share an investment for a fixed period in
            a building society.
            peer — a share that has not been
            ranted an offic!
            ee Such ee ae 2 ee
            limited companies f f ie niga
            bho or of foreign companies.

            are a class of shares so named

            because they have been issued instead of cash
            to the persons who sold the business when jt
            was formed into a company. They may be
            ordinary shares or deferred shares, as may be
            agreed with the vendors at the time.
            voteless share see non-voting share above.
            voting share a share that gives its holder the
            right to a vote at general meetings of the
            company. See multiple voting share above. Opp
            voteless share.

            share allotment form see allotment letter.

            sharebroker see stockbroker.

            share capital see capital (2).

            share certificate STK. EXCH. a legal document
            issued by a company to a member shareholder
            stating the class, quantity and serial numbers
            of the shares that he holds. It is usu. signed by
            two directors and the company secretary and
            stamped with the common seal of the company.
            See also balance certificate; fractional certifi-
            cate. Cf. share warrant.

            sharecropper (U.S.A.) AGR. a small tenant
            farmer who pays as rent, not money, but a
            share of the crop. See also sharemilking.

            share exchange see exchange of shares.

            share-hawking see share-pushing.

            shareholder sTK. EXCH. a member of a limited
            company and therefore a holder of one or more
            shares in that company. Cf. stockholder.
            minority shareholder see minority interests.

            shareholders’ benefits sTK. EXCH. advantages
            given by a company to its shareholders other
            than dividends, i.e. bonus shares, cash issues
            at low prices, etc.

            shareholders’ equity see equity of a company.

            shareholders’ funds accts. the total of a com-
            pany’s paid-up capital and reserves. It is a
            measure of the total value of the shareholder’s
            ownership in the company. Abbr. Sh.F.

            shareholders register see register of members.

            shareholding see holding (3).

            share indexes see under Financial Times; Dow-
            Jones; Standard & Poor’s 500 Stock Index.

            sharemilking AGR. (mainly New Zealand) an
            arrangement between the owner of a farm and
            a worker, the sharemilker, by which the farmer
            provides the pasture, i.e. allows use of his land
            and buildings and supplies fertilizer, while the
            sharemilker supplies the cows, milking equip-
            ment and machinery such as tractors, and does
            the milking and marketing. Income from sales
            : divided, usu. equally, between the two par-

            1es.

            share of the market see market share; market-
            Sharing.

            share option see option.

            Share premium account accts. when new
            shares are issued at a premium, the account to
            which the premiums received are credited. See
            premium n. (1). Syn. (U.S.A.) paid-in surplus
            account; capital surplus account.


                evince -p 474 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            Pe ee

            g STK. EXCH. dishonest dealing by
            brokers, called share-pushers or

            in stocks and shares which
            Syn. share-hawking. Cf.

            share-pushin
            some outside

            share-ha wkers,
            prove to be worthless.
            ‘ket shop.
            ee see register of ee |
            shares, exchange of see exchange of shares.
            shares, flotation of see flotation. — |
            shares, issue Of see issue of securities,
            shares, lien on see lien on shares. |

            shares, option to purchase see option to
            purchase (2).

            share split see split share under share.

            share transfer see transfer of shares or stock.

            share warrant see under warrant.

            sharing the market see market-sharing.

            shark (collog.) a greedy person who obtains
            money from people by trickery or threats. A
            cheat.

            sharp(er) a cheat, esp. at card games: A card-
            sharp(er).

            sharp practice clever but dishonourable behav-
            iour though not illegal, esp. in business matters.

            S/H.E. Sundays and holidays excepted.

            shed SHIPG. a building in a port area where
            goods are stored before being loaded into, or
            after being unloaded from, a ship.

            sheikh in Arabic, a title of respect; an Arab
            chief, esp. the head of a family or the ruler of
            a tribe. A prince or king of a territory in Arab
            lands. Also shaikh; shaykh; sheik; sheykh.
            sheikhdom the office of a sheikh; the territory
            governed by a sheikh. Also shaikhdom;
            shaykhdom; sheikdom.

            shelf-life com. of goods kept on the shelves
            of a shop, the probable length of time from
            manufacture that the commodity may be
            expected to remain in a good and saleable
            condition, after which it will begin to go bad:
            Tinned/canned foods have a shelf-life of several
            years ; the shelf-life of foods in plastic packs is a
            Jew weeks.

            shelf-space com. in a shop, a place on the
            shelves or other part where goods can easily
            be seen and chosen by customers. Some manu-
            facturers offer special discounts to win shelf-space.

            shell company see under company.

            shell out (collog.) to pay out money, esp. unwill-
            ingly. Syn. fork out.

            ‘shelves’ sTK. EXCH. in U.S.A., new issues of —
            securities made under a procedure called shelf
            registration by which a company tells the regis-
            trar that it proposes to issue its new securities
            not immediately but from time to time as good
            Opportunities occur. The securities are then
            ‘taken off the shelf’ and sold when the time is

            ripe.
            SHEX Sundays and holidays exce ted.
            sheykh see sheikh. ; ;
            Sh.F. Shareholders’ funds.

            Shift v. TAXN. to pass on a liability to pay an

            shipbuilding - 463

            indirect tax, usu. from seller to buyer.
            n. (1) IND. a group of employees working to-
            gether during an agreed period of hours in a
            factory that is on shift-working, i.e. operating
            two periods called the day shift and the night
            shift ; or three periods, usu. called morning shift,
            afternoon shift and night shift. Such employees
            are doing shift-work. (2) COMP. the key on a
            keyboard which transfers the user from the
            lower case characters shown on the keys to the
            upper case.
            split shift IND. the situation in which the basic
            shift or working day is split in two because of
            work patterns, e.g. a bus driver may work a
            split shift to work in the morning and evening
            rush hours.

            ship n. SHIPG. any boat large and strong enough
            to sail the open sea.
            v. SHIPG. & TRANSPT. to cause to be transported
            by sea (in U.S.A. also by rail, road and air).
            Shipping, the business of carrying goods and
            passengers by ship: We specialize in shipping
            machinery to South America. In U.S.A., also by
            other means of transport: To ship goods by
            rail/sea/air/road.
            cargo ship see cargo boat. Syn. freighter.
            clean ship see separate entry.
            coasting ship see coaster.
            container ship see under container.
            dry ship see general ship below.
            general ship a cargo vessel that has not been
            chartered, and is therefore free to carry the
            goods of any shipper under bills of lading.
            General ships are sometimes called dry ships,
            to distinguish them from tankers.
            heavy-lift ship see under heavy lift.
            merchant ship see separate entry.
            motor ship see motor vessel. Abbr. M/S.; M.S.
            training ship see separate entry.
            tramp ship a cargo ship that accepts any cargo
            it can get and will carry any goods to any port
            to which shippers have cargo to send. It works
            to no fixed programme. Cf. liner. Also tramp
            steamer; trampship; tramp.

            ship agent sHIPG. a person or firm whose work
            is to represent shipowners in distant ports in
            arranging the loading and unloading of ships,
            the employment of crews, the supply of stores
            and fuel, the making of repairs, and the hand-
            ling of customs and port health formalities.
            Ship agents do not usu. concern themselves
            with the work of finding cargoes. Cf. shipping
            agent; ship-broker.

            ship bill of sale see bill of sale (2).

            shipboard suiPc. on shipboard, on board a ship.
            See board.

            ship-broker see under broker.

            shipbuilders’ policy see under insurance pol-
            Icy.

            Shipbuilding IND. & sHIPG. that part of the _
            heavy engineering industry that is concerned __


                evince -p 475 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            464 - ship-canal

            with designing and building ne
            with repairing existing vessels.

            anal.
            hip-canal see under ca
            ie chandler SHIPG. & COM. a shopkeeper who

            sells the many articles needed by ships such as
            ropes, tools, metal goods, food and drink. Also

            ship’s chandler.
            shipload (1) SHIPG.
            and cargo that a par

            w ships and

            the amount of passengers
            ticular ship can an ae
            ‘¢ now actually carrying. (2) any large
            seantiy or a commodity: We sell timber by the
            shipload, in large quantities.
            shipmaster SHIPG. the master or captain of a
            merchant ship.
            shipment sHIPG. (1) the act of putting goods on
            a ship: These goods are ready for shipment. Abbr.
            shipt. (2) the carriage of goods by ship, not
            by other means of transport: Shipment is the
            cheapest form of transport. (3) a quantity or
            collection of goods being carried together by
            ship: The spare parts will be included in your
            shipment of machines aboard S.S. Mary Jones.
            Syn. consignment.
            shipment policy see under insurance policy.
            shipowner SHIPG. in Britain, one of the persons
            registered as the owner of one or more of the
            64 shares into which the property in a British
            ship is by law divided. He must be a British
            subject, and the ship must have a British port
            as its port of registry. See also managing owner.
            A shipowner may also be a corporation, such
            as a limited.company with its principal place
            of business within British territory. Abbr. S/O.
            disponent shipowner a person who, while not
            being the true owner, has the power to decide
            what use shall be made of the ship, including
            power to charter it to another party.
            shipowner’s lien see carrier’s lien.
            shipped bill of lading see under bill of lading.
            shipper(s) SHIPG. & COM. a commercial organi-
            zation that sends goods to a foreign country by
            ship. Shippers first make arrangements with a
            shipping company, or with a ship-broker or
            ship agent, to reserve cargo space in advance
            for a consignment on a particular ship. The
            shippers and the shipping company then sign
            a bill-of-lading contract for the carriage of the
            consignment. See a/so export merchant.
            shipping SHIPG. (1) ships collectively, esp. the
            ships of a country: The gross tonnage of Britain’s
            merchant shipping was about 150 million. (2) the
            movement of ships at sea: The English Channel
            is crowded with shipping. Abbr. shpg.
            merchant shipping cargo and passenger vessels
            collectively. See also ship, v.
            Shipping, American Bureau of see American
            Bureau of Shipping.
            shipping (and forwarding) agent com. a
            business organization which will do the work
            of preparing shipping documents, arrange for
            shipping space and insurance and deal with

            customs formalities, in return for a fee. Some
            shipping agents are also forwarding agents
            organizing the collection, carriage and delive
            of goods between ports and the premise, of
            merchants and manufacturers. Cf. ship apent
            Syn. forwarder; freight forwarder.
            shipping articles see articles of agreement
            shipping bill sHIpG. a customs form Biving a
            detailed description of goods to be removed
            from a bonded warehouse for re-export,
            shipping card see sailing card.
            shipping-commissioner see shipping-maste,
            shipping company SHIPG. a company tha
            owns and operates one or more ships. A Ship-
            owner. )
            shipping conference SHIPG. an association of
            owners of liners sailing along the same route,
            who combine together to fix standard freight
            rates. Syn. shipping ring. See conference lines
            under conference.

            shipping documents BKG. & COM. certain

            documents which, under the system known as
            documents for collection, are sent by an
            exporter’s bank to the bank’s branch or agent
            in the importer’s country, who delivers them
            to the importer when he pays or accepts a bill
            of exchange. The shipping documents consist
            of: commercial export invoice; bill of lading;
            forwarder’s receipt; consignment note;
            insurance policy; insurance certificate; and, if
            necessary, certificate of origin, consular
            invoice, weight certificate, sanitary certificate,
            letter of hypothecation, export licence(s). Most
            if not all these documents are needed by the
            importer to obtain delivery of the goods, to
            clear them through customs and to claim on
            insurance if they are lost or damaged. Syn.
            export documents.

            Shipping Federation sHIPG. in Britain, an
            organization formed by shipowners to deal
            with the training and supply of ships’ crews
            and to control their conditions of work and
            pay.

            shipping instructions COM. & SHIPG. a docu-
            ment prepared by an exporter and sent through
            his shipping and forwarding agent to the ship-
            owners giving them directions and detailed
            information concerning the consignment.

            shipping-master sHIPG. a port official responsi-
            ble for seeing that arrangements for employing
            the crews of merchant ships are carried out
            according to law. Cf. master. Syn. (U.S.A.)
            shipping-commissioner.

            shipping note CoM. & SHIPG. a document pre-
            pared by the shipowners giving the superin-
            tendent (official in charge) of the docks details
            of the cargo to be carried. A duplicate copy is
            signed by the superintendent as a receipt for
            the goods. Abbr. S/N.

            shipping order (collog.) any large order.
            shipping space sHIPG. space for cargo in the

            $


                evince -p 476 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &


            hold of a ship: To book/reserve shipping space

            for a consignment of goods.
            ing specification SHIPG. & COM. a form

            ene by law be sent to the Customs giving

            full details of goods being exported.

            shipping ton see freight ton under ton.

            ship’s articles see articles of agreement. —

            ship's certificate see certificate of registry
            under registry, certificate of.

            ship’s chandler see under ship chandler.

            ship’s clearance see clearance (2).

            ship’s Company SHIPG. the entire crew of a
            ship, i.e. all the persons who are employed to
            work on the ship when at sea, including officers
            but not passengers.

            ship’s husband sHIPG. a person, usu. one of the
            joint owners of a ship, who has been appointed
            by the other owners to manage its affairs and
            to control its use.

            ship’s inventory see under inventory.

            ship's log see log.

            ship's manifest see manifest.

            ship's papers SHIPG. certain documents that
            every ship, esp. a British ship, must always
            have ready for official examination. They are:
            the certificate of registry; the bill of health:
            the log book(s); the articles and muster roll; the
            charter-party if under charter: bills of lading,
            invoices and the manifest relating to the cargo;
            the passenger manifest if carrying passengers.

            ship's protest see captain’s protest under cap-
            tain.

            ship’s rail sHIPG. the side of a ship.
            at ship’s rail see under ship’s derrick.
            over ship’s rail see separate entry.

            ship’s register see certificate of registry under
            registry, certificate of.

            ship’s report SHIPG. a report that must be made
            by the master of a ship to the port authorities
            on arrival at the port, giving details of the ship,
            its cargo and passengers.

            ship’s stores see under stores.

            shipt. shipment.

            shipwreck sHIPG. (1) the loss of a ship by
            destruction at sea. (2) the wrecked ship itself.

            shipyard a place in a harbour or port where
            ships are built or repaired, usu. with at least
            one dry dock, special cranes, and workshops
            for manufacturing parts made of steel, alu-
            minium, copper and wood.

            shoestring something that costs very little; a
            very small amount of money: A business that is
            run on a shoestring, spending hardly enough
            money to buy what is needed, or having hardly
            any capital. To live on a shoestring, to have
            hardly enough money to live; to live at very
            small expense.

            Shop n. (1) a building or part of a building, open
            regularly to the public, where goods are kept
            and sold to consumers; a retail business. (2)
            sometimes also a place where wholesale trading

            az

            ry oY



            short covering - 465

            is done, more often called a depot or warehouse.
            (3) a place where services are offered or
            arranged for the public, such as a barber’s shop,
            a shoe-repair shop. (4) IND. a place where things
            are manufactured or repaired: A workshop; a
            machine shop ; a repair shop.
            bucket shop see separate entry.
            closed shop see separate entry.
            duty-free shop see under duty-free.
            junk shop see junk (2).
            lock-up shop see lock-up.
            machine shop see separate entry.
            mobile shop see separate entry.
            multiple shop see chain-store.
            open shop see separate entry.
            tied shop see separate entry.
            to set up shop to open a new business.
            to talk shop to discuss work or business matters
            when off duty.
            union shop see closed shop.
            v. to buy things in shops. Jo shop around, to
            look around the shops to find which is the
            cheapest.
            shop assistant a person employed to serve
            customers and to help generally in a shop. Syn.
            (U.S.A.) salesclerk, pron. clurk.
            shop floor see under floor.
            shopkeeper a person who owns or manages a
            shop.
            shop-lifter Law & COM. a thief who steals goods
            from shops while pretending to be a customer.
            shopper a person who shops, who goes to shops
            to buy things.
            shopping centre a group of shops of different
            kinds, often outside the centre of a town and
            planned and built as a whole. Cf. shopping
            mall under mall.
            shop-soiled com. of goods, made dirty or hav-
            ing a worn appearance from having been
            shown or used in a shop, and therefore no
            longer saleable at the full price of perfect goods.
            Syn. part-worn; shop-worn.
            hop steward IND. REL. in a factory, workshop
            or office, an employee who is a trade-union
            official and is responsible for representing the
            other employees with whom he works, in nego-
            tiations with their employer.
            hop window a window of a Shop, usu. on a
            street, in which are shown some of the goods
            that are for sale in the shop, usu. arranged to
            attract the public to come in and buy. Syn.
            show window.
            hortage (1) a lack or scarcity of something: A
            shortage of labour/energy. Syn. dearth. (2) some
            part that is missing: A shortage of two cases in
            a consignment of 20 from Hong Kong, of the 20,
            two cases have failed to arrive. A shortage in
            delivery.
            hort bill see under bill of exchange.
            hort-change see change; fluff.
            hort covering sTK. EXCH. the act of a stockjob-


                evince -p 477 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            466 - short-dated securities

            stock, who buys 4 security in order

            rt of | )
            sen omise to deliver. See selling short;

            to keep his pr
            short of stock.

            short-dated securities see shorts.

            short day IND. 4 shift of less than a Eeweree
            day done by a part-time worker. It ea _
            widely in industries with periods of hig 1 and
            low demand, particularly service industries
            such as restaurants.

            Psy cory TRANSPT. & COM. a delivery f rom
            which, on arrival, some goods are missing.
            Abbr. s.d.; §.D.

            shortfall see deficit. vd
            shorthand a very quick method of writing down

            speech (words spoken), based on signs that
            represent sounds. The shorthand signs are then
            read by a typist, usu. the same person who
            wrote them down. Syn. stenography. A short-
            hand-typist, a person who can write down
            speech in shorthand and can also type it. Syn.
            stenographer; steno-typist.
            shorting STK. & COMMOD. EXCH. selling short,
            i.e. contracting to sell a security or commodity
            when the seller does not possess it and so has
            to borrow or buy it in order to meet the con-
            tract. Syn. to deal short.
            shorting against the box in the options market,
            a way of hedging used esp. by a unit trust
            (mutual fund in U.S.A.) when it expects the
            market price of a security to fall. It sells the
            security short and at the same time buys call
            options to the same value, borrowing the secu-
            rity from a broker and selling it on the market,
            then buying it again later to return to the
            broker who lent it.
            short lease see under lease.
            short of stock STK. EXCH. of a stockjobber,
            unable to buy a quantity of a particular stock
            or share that he has sold short, 1.e. has promised
            to deliver at an agreed price. See selling short;
            short covering.
            short position see bear position.
            short rate see under exchange rate.
            short run the distinction between the short run
            and the long run was first made by Alfred
            Marshall in connection with a change in
            demand. In the short run the supply of a com-
            modity often cannot be varied and a change
            in demand will affect the price, sometimes
            strongly. In the /ong run the change in demand
            will be balanced by a change in supply and a
            new equilibrium price will be reached. Syn.
            Short period. See long run.
            shorts STK. EXCH. in Britain, gilt-edged and other
            fixed-interest securities repayable in less than
            five years from the present time. Cf. mediums:
            longs.
            short sale see selling short.
            — eee SHIPG. that part of a shipment
            at has not been loaded because the

            ay a

            : F,


            ship was full. Such goods are said to be ‘eft
            out’ or ‘shut out’. | )
            short-term gain TAXN. a capital gain made in
            selling an asset within 12 months of buying it,
            which may attract a special rate of tax,
            short-time working IND. of a factory or indys.
            try, working fewer hours than normal because
            a temporary lack of orders or a shortage of
            materials makes it necessary to reduce output,
            short ton a measurement of weight commonly
            used in U.S.A., of 2000 lb (907 kg), as com-
            pared with the Jong ton commonly used jn
            Britain, of 2240 Ib (1016 kg), and the metric
            ton or tonne of 2204.6 lb. Syn. net ton; Amer-
            ican ton; U.S. ton. Abor. s.t.
            shoulder season see season.
            shove (collog.) see sack; boot. |
            show business IND. & COM. the business of
            entertaining the public, esp. by performances
            in theatres, on television, in films, etc. Also
            (collog.) show biz. |
            showcard ADVTG. a printed card shown in a
            shop to draw attention to a product being
            offered for sale. Such cards are usu. supplied
            as display material by the manufacturer of the
            product. See dealer aids. :
            show-case ADVTG. & COM. a piece of furniture
            in a shop, consisting of a case with glass sides
            and top, in which goods are shown but cannot
            be handled by customers.
            show of hands see hands, show of.
            showroom COM. a room in which goods are
            placed on show for customers to see. Show-
            rooms are usu. kept by wholesalers, but some
            retailers also call their shops showrooms, such
            as carpet showrooms, motor-car showrooms.
            show window see shop window.
            s.h.p. shaft horse-power (of a ship’s engines).
            shpg. shipping.
            shrink to become smaller. Business is shrinking.
            shrinkage (1) the amount by which something
            becomes smaller. (2) COM. & ACCTS. losses caus-
            ed by carelessness, dishonesty or lack of skill,
            such mistakes made in invoicing, shoplifting,
            goods stolen in transit or spoilt by bad work-
            manship. Stock shrinkage is costing us 5% of
            sales.
            shroff BKG. n. in The Orient, a local money-
            lender, banker or moneychanger. Also a person
            who sorts bad coins from good.
            v. to sort bad coins from good, sometimes for
            a payment or commission called shroffage.
            shunter (1) sTK. EXCH. a stockbroker who buys
            and sells securities in both the London and the
            other stock exchanges in Britain. (2) TRANSPT.
            a road transport vehicle that carries goods short
            distances, delivers them, and returns empty to
            its depot. Cf. trunker.
            shunting (U.S.A.) see arbitrage (2).
            shut down IND. to stop production; to close a
            factory, usu. temporarily.


                evince -p 478 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            — : ir” — a i : " eee
            4 iB
            -

            - a
            ee

            a —

            i a es

            i

            aE

            under cost.
            shut-down cost see prime aoe -ebnenenais
            dividend STK. EXC
            shut ae books, closed temporarily while
            ane for the payment of dividends
            are pa not shipped; not loaded on the
            ee ne consignment was shut out because it
            a at the ~ too late. See short shipment.
            ort shi

            Prete 1) (collog.) a clever but dishonest person
            who earns money by mean tricks. (2) LAW
            (U.S.A. collog.) an unprofessional lawyer who
            uses unfair and dishonest means to win his
            cases.

            S.1. Shetland Isles, Scotland; Systeme Inter-
            national, see S.I. system of units.

            s.i. sum insured.

            S.1.C. standard industrial classification.

            S.1.B. Securities and Investment Board.

            SIBOR Singapore Inter-bank Offered Rate.

            sick leave see under leave.

            sickness benefit INSCE. in Britain, an allow-
            ance of money paid to a person who is unable
            to work because of sickness, under a private
            health-insurance policy or the national
            insurance scheme.

            Siding TRANSPT. a short branch of a railway line,
            for wagons that are being loaded or unloaded,
            or being stored when not in use.

            sight BKG. in relation to a bill of exchange,
            the time the bill is first seen by the person
            responsible for paying it.
            at sight of a bill of exchange, payable when
            presented to the debtor: A bill payable at sight
            is called a sight bill. Cf. usance bill.
            after sight of a bill of exchange, payable on a
            date that is a stated number of days, usu. 30,
            60, 90 or 120 days, after the bill is first presented
            to the debtor. Such a bill is called a usance bill.
            Cf. sight bill.

            sight bill see under bill of exchange; also sight.

            sight, bill of see bill of sight.

            Sight draft see sight bill under bill of exchange.

            Sight entry see bill of sight.

            sight rate (of exchange) see short rate under
            exchange rate.

            Signatory LAw (1) one who has signed a docu-
            ment, esp. a country that has signed a treaty.
            Britain is one of the signatories of the Inter-
            national Copyright Convention. Syn. si gner. (2)
            one of the persons who take part in forming a
            new limited company by Signing the Memor-
            andum and Articles of Association, so becom-

            _Ing the first members of the company.

            Signature the name of a person or firm Signed
            (written personally) at the end of a letter or
            other document, so making its contents binding
            on the person Signing it or the firm.

            ‘specimen signature BKG. a sample of a person’s
            usual signature, given to a bank when a current
            “count is first opened, and held in the bank's

            sinecure - 467

            signature book or card index, so that the staff
            can recognize it and can check that the signa-
            ture on a cheque really is that of the customer.

            signature stamp see under stamp. *G

            significance, marginal see marginal utility.

            sign On MAN. (1) to accept employment, esp. by
            signing a contract of service. (2) to give a
            person a job, to agree to hire a worker’s ser-
            vices.

            silage AGR. food for farm animals that has been
            specially prepared and is stored in a silo. Maize
            grown for silage. Also ensilage.

            silent partner see sleeping partner under part-
            ner.

            silicon COMP. a chemical element with semi-
            conductor properties widely used in the manu-
            facture of microprocessors, often known as
            silicon chips. See semiconductor.

            Silicon Valley an area in California, U.S.A.,
            famous for its microelectronics industry. .
            silk-screen process a method of printing

            designs in colour on to paper, card, cloth, etc.
            by using stencils made of thin cloth, formerly
            silk. This process is relatively cheap for print-
            ing small quantities of notices, posters, etc.
            Silo AGR. a special cylindrical airtight structure
            for making and storing silage (food for farm
            animals), or for storing grain.
            silver FIN. & BKG. coins made of silver, or of an
            alloy containing silver, or of cupro-nickel, a
            metal looking like silver. That form of the
            _currency that is not paper money or copper.
            silver certificates (U.S.A.) FIN. paper money
            still used by the U.S. Treasury, that can be
            exchanged for silver.
            silver standard Pus. FIN. a monetary system
            that formerly existed in many countries, under ’
            which the value of the standard unit of the __
            currency was by law made equal to a fixed
            weight of silver of a stated fineness; the coinage
            was largely made of silver; bank-notes were
            freely exchanged for silver on demand; and
            Silver could be freely imported or sepdrtend: :
            simple bonus see under bonus, insurance.
            simple contract see under contract.
            simple interest see under interest.
            simplex comp. in data communications, a sys-
            tem in which data can only be sent in one
            direction at any one time. Opp. duplex.
            simulation COMP. a program which represents
            physical situations mathematically. Computer
            Simulations are used in €.g. industry ie Way
            business games; a simulation of an aircraft
            ae ss ood to train pilots.
            closing a of ee naa tt
            a personal letter and of an
            ame business letter when the writer and
            seen i a he is writing are on
            , MY> ry close, terms.
            inecure an office or job that carries a good
            salary but demands little or no work.

            He. i Saks




                evince -p 479 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            468 - sine die
            day) without a fixed

            : . in, without a eg had ta
            sine die (4! djournment sine die.

            date; indefinitely. see 4
            ae -bank Offered Rate BKG.

            ingapore Inter ’ dq nea
            ae equivaient of LIBOR, but relating to Singa

            pore. A eis! SI ee? , ee “7 = IR.
            hond see under bon, "1.
            — ie eo centimetre ee e
            dard unit in which advertising space ere
            publications. sn a
            t see under COst.
            — ae accts. a simple system of book-
            keeping not now used except by small Busi:
            nesses, by which each transaction (business
            deal) is recorded by only one entry. Cf. double
            entry.

            single fare see under fare.

            single liability see under liability.

            single option see under option. |

            single-premium policy see under insurance
            policy.

            single ticket see under ticket.

            single-use goods see consumer non-durables.

            sinking fund FIN. & ACCTS. money set aside by
            annual instalments for a special purpose, such
            as to repay a debt, or to replace an asset, e.g.
            a lease of property, at a known future date.
            See amortize.

            sinking fund policy see capital redemption
            policy under insurance policy.

            sister company see under company.

            sister ships MAR. INSCE. two or more ships
            belonging to the same owners. A sister-ship
            clause is usu. included in marine insurance
            contracts making special arrangements for
            arbitration if the ship collides with another
            ship belonging to the same owners, because
            the owners cannot bring a lawsuit for damages
            against themselves.

            S.I. system of units the Systéme International
            (d’Unités), a system of units based on six pri-
            mary or basic metric units: the metre (m) for
            length, the kilogram (kg) for mass, the second
            (s) for time, the ampere (A) for electric current,
            the kelvin (K_) for temperature, and the candela
            (cd) for luminous intensity (strength of light).
            Other S.I. units, such as the square metre (m7)
            for area, are derived (developed) from these.
            There are also multiples (many times) such as
            the kilometre (km), and subdivisions such as
            the centimetre (cm). See International System
            of Units; International Bureau of Weights and
            Measures. Abbr. §.I.

            Sit. situation; sitting-room.

            S.1.T.C Standard International Trade Classifi-
            cation.

            sit-down strike see under strike.

            site the ground or area of land where something
            is placed: The site of a house, factory, town. A
            building site, the piece of land on which a
            building is being built.

            the stan:
            old in

            sitrep. see situation report under report.
            sits. vac. situations vacant. —
            situation (1) a position, esp. in relation to the
            surroundings: The best situation for an office jg
            near a railway station and on a bus route. The
            house has a fine situation on the bank of a river.
            (2) FIN.. a general state of affairs: The economi,
            situation does not encourage new investment. We
            are in a difficult financial situation. (3) Man. g
            position in employment, 4 job: A well-paid
            situation in the sales department. Syn. post. Abby
            taneous vacant p/. in classified advertise.
            ments, a heading in which employers offer job,
            that need to be filled. Abbr. sits. vac.
            situations wanted p/. in classified advertise.
            ments, a heading in which people offer their
            services to employers.
            situation rent see under rent.
            situation report see under report.
            sk. sack.
            skimming MAN. a high-pricing strategy used
            when a product is not price sensitive in order
            to bring in the maximum profits from the
            product. Generally used for a new product in
            the period before it has any real competition,
            in the knowledge that once rival products are
            launched the price sensitivity will increase and
            the price will have to be reduced to maintain
            levels of demand. See also price sensitivity.
            skin (collog.) see fleece.
            skint (collog.) having no money; penniless.
            skipper (1) SHIPG. the captain of a ship, esp. of
            a small merchant vessel. (2) (colloqg.) a popular
            title for any person in charge of a team or
            group of workers.
            slack (of markets, business) inactive, lacking
            movement. Opp. busy.
            slash com. of prices, production, output. To
            cut back, reduce, severely and often suddenly :
            Closing-down Sale—Prices Slashed !
            slate club see loan club.
            slaughter-house see abattoir.
            slave a human being considered as a piece of
            property or merchandize. The master of a pri-
            vate slave has complete rights of ownership
            over the slave and his family and over the
            product of their labour, for which no wages
            are paid. Cf. serf; villein.
            slavery (1) an economic and social system that
            recognizes legal rights of absolute ownership
            of human beings and of the product of their
            labour. (2) the condition of being a slave, of
            being bound to work for, and in all things
            obey, a master, who is the absolute owner of
            the slave’s body and can buy and sell him for
            money in the slave market. Cf. serfdom.
            Slave trade ECON. HIST. the trade that existed
            in the seventeenth, eighteenth and nineteenth
            centuries in African negroes, millions of whom
            were taken by force from their homes in West


                evince -p 480 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &


            a

            r cruel conditions to
            colonies in North and South
            old as slaves, = to “ii
            ublic feeling 1n !
            - ee need esp. in Britain,
            — od in this inhuman trade being stopped
            gaerne American Civil War (1861-5). Com-
            “ie abolition was introduced in the Inter-
            : endl Slavery Convention of the League of
            naehae ‘n 1926; this work is continuing under
            the United Nations against the small trade in
            slaves that still exists in some parts of the

            world.

            sid. sailed. | |
            sleeper TRANSPT. (1) (a compartment in) a rail-

            way sleeping-car. (2) a train consisting entirely
            of sleeping-cars: Please book me a berth on the
            night sleeper to Glasgow. (3) COM. & STK. EXCH.
            (collog. mainly U.S.A.) an article, share or
            commodity that in the past had little value and
            a poor market, but suddenly and surprisingly
            begins to sell well.

            sleeping-car TRANSPT. a special railway coach
            in which there are beds for passengers to sleep
            in during long night journeys. See sleeper.

            sleeping partner see under partner.

            sliding scale a scale of values that is planned
            to vary in accord with movements in some
            other value, such as a scale of wages that varies
            with the cost of living, or with the employer’s
            profits.

            sliding trend STK. EXCH. a severe fall in market
            prices; a crash in prices.

            slip, slipway see camber (2).

            slogan ADVTG. a clever, easily remembered and
            often repeated saying, used in making a prod-
            uct better known by the public, or to remind
            the public about something, e.g. Bread for
            energy. Stop, look and listen, before crossing the
            road.

            slot-machine com. a machine for selling small
            articles esp. food, sweets, cigarettes, etc. The
            buyer obtains delivery of the goods by putting
            a coin into a slot or special hole in the machine.
            Cf. automat. Syn. vending machine.

            slot-meter a coin meter. See meter.

            slow assets see under assets.

            slow-down see go-slow.

            sluice-gate price see under price.

            Slump n. ECON. see depression.
            U. STK. & COMMOD. EXCH. to fall suddenly:
            Today prices slumped after reaching high levels
            yesterday.

            ri (collog.) false bank-notes.

            . ah ee Keon) money set aside for

            who, in return vie oe ene

            ee : € their influence in get-
            & lavoured treatment for the maker of the

            secret payment. Syn. slush money.

            ush money see slush fund

            Africa, transported unde

            the European
            America, and Ss



            smuggle - 469

            ie ae es
            macker (collog.) in Britain, a pound coin,

            - *
            eke pitti small. (classified) advertise-
            under advertisement.
            ee ae Administration netrinisr
            FIN. in U.S.A., an organization set up by ee
            Federal Government in 1953 to lend money :
            small firms who cannot get loans elsewhere. :
            works largely through small business mere
            ment companies (S.B.1.C.s) who, by using the: :
            members’ capital, added to loans —-.
            from the S.B.A, are able to provide — =
            share) capital, long-term fixed-interest =
            and management services to small businesse
            eir own choosing.
            ~ business investment company os
            Small Business Administration. Abbr. S.B.1. ;
            maliholding AGR. & LAW (1) a small farm. ( :
            in English law, a holding of agricultural lan
            more than one acre but not more than 50 acres
            in extent, or having a rental value of not more

            than £150 per —— i
            mall print see under print.
            ae FIN. (1) to ruin (somebody) financially.
            (2) to be financially ruined. (3) to become
            bankrupt. eit
            n. a financial failure; bankruptcy or liqui-
            dation. Syn. crash. | :
            mith Adam (1723-90), Scottish economist and
            philosopher, and founder of the Classical
            School. He studied at Glasgow (1737—40) and
            Oxford (1740-3) and became Professor of
            Logic (1751), then of Moral Philosophy
            (1752-63) at Glasgow. In 1759 he published
            The Theory of Moral Sentiments, about human
            nature. After travels on the continent (1764-6),
            he lived in Scotland and in London and wrote
            the most famous of all books on economics, An
            Inquiry into the Nature and Causes of the Wealth
            of Nations, published in 1776. He was the first
            to explain the advantages of specialization, or
            division of labour, which greatly increased the
            efficiency of labour, made men dependent on
            each other, and resulted in the setting-up of
            markets and a system of prices, with money as
            the medium of exchange. He argued that value
            was related to labour costs (see Labour Theory
            - melee that Man’s natural self-interest in a
            ‘Tree and competitive economy would, ;
            interfered with by the State, result : <i
            efficient economic system that would have the
            force to grow; that the State should concern
            itself only with public order, national defence
            and certain essential services, such as roads
            (see laissez-faire). Adam Smith’s teachings and
            writings had a very great influence on the
            political and economic policies of his times
            _ ah ee sh mercantilist controis and
            viour of the
            Industrial une eared tie

            muggle to import or export goods secretly and



                evince -p 481 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &



            470 - Snake

            if customs duty is not paid or

            forbidden by law, e.g. drugs.

            Snake in a/the Tunnel, as a

            -etep towards a European monetary system

            EM Y an arrangement among member
            countries of the European Economic Com-
            munity (E.E.C.) by which the internal exch-
            ange rates between their currencies were
            allowed to vary only within quite small limits,
            like the movements of a snake in a narrow
            tunnel. Attempts to maintain the arrangement
            were not very successful because one or two
            FE.E.C. currencies always seemed to be in
            difficulty. See European Monetary System.

            snap check MAN. a sudden check, made without
            warning, to see that work is being properly
            done, or that there is no dishonesty among the
            employees doing the work. Syn. spot check.

            snap up COM. to seize or buy eagerly: Jo snap
            up a bargain/all the remaining stock.

            S.N.B. seller(s) no buyer(s).

            sneak-thief (1) a thief who steals small things.
            (2) a thief who enters and leaves a building by
            an open door without breaking in or out.

            snide (colloq.) (1) false coin. (2) a person of bad
            character, unworthy of all respect. (3) of a
            remark, unkind, intended to be funny but also
            to hurt someone’s feelings.

            S.N.1.F. see note issuance facility.

            S.N.1.G. sustainable non-inflationary growth.

            snip (collog.) a bargain: It’s a snip at £5.

            $/O shipowner.

            s.0. seller’s option.

            SOar STK. & COMMOD. EXCH. of prices, to rise very
            high: Prices soared on news of record profits.

            Soc., SOC. society.

            social accounting ECON. & FIN. a system of
            making a set of accounts from government
            Statistics, to show the income and expenditure
            of the various sectors of the national economy
            of a country, e.g. government sector, producers’
            sector and personal sector.

            social balance sheet see employment report.

            social capital see infrastructure.

            Social Credit ECON. a movement for economic
            reform started in Canada by Major C.H. Doug-
            las, whose Social Credit Party was elected
            to govern Alberta in 1935. He argued that
            depressions are caused by a shortage of
            purchasing power; that this is because there is
            never enough money in the economy to buy all
            the goods produced, since not all the money
            spent on costs of production is used for con-
            sumption. He claimed that to relieve this short-
            age the government should increase purchasing
            power by extensive programmes of public
            works, subsidies on consumer goods, and per-
            sonal credits to private citizens to increase
            their spending. Most economists say that there
            is a fallacy (a basic error of reasoning) in
            Douglas’s argument: all the money spent on

            illegally, esp.
            such imports are
            Snake FIN. formerly,

            costs of production is in the end paid in wages
            and salaries that are in turn spent on consump-
            tion; but the movement still has its followers.
            social insurance INSCE. any system of state
            insurance for workers. See national insurance.
            socialism a form of social organization in which
            the means of production are owned and man-
            aged by the State for the good of the whole
            community; all economic activity is directed
            by a central planning authority in place of a
            capitalist economy based on free enterprise,
            free markets and the profit motive. There are
            various degrees of socialism, the most
            advanced being communism, but all aim to
            produce a classless society, to redistribute
            incomes and wealth in order to get rid of
            poverty, and to give equal opportunities to all.
            See also Marx, Karl.
            guild socialism see separate entry.
            non-state socialism an economic system under
            which industry would be controlled by those
            workers actually employed in an industry, and
            at all levels of responsibility; the shareholders
            would have no part in controlling industrial
            companies.

            social marketing MAN. & ADVTG. (1) the mar-
            keting of an idea or cause thought to be of
            general benefit to society, e.g. advertising cam-
            paigns to discourage drinking and driving or
            to encourage energy conservation. (2) the mar-
            keting of any product where the welfare of
            society as a whole is one of the main consider-
            ations, e.g. in the chemical industry where
            there is general concern about environmental
            pollution.

            social security FIN. any government scheme for
            paying allowances such as sickness, maternity
            and unemployment benefits and retirement
            pensions, esp. if paid entirely out of taxation.
            If the cost is met wholly or partly from contri-
            butions paid by employees and employers to
            the State, the scheme is usu. called national
            insurance.

            social security tax see under tax.

            Société Anonyme the French equivalent of a
            limited company; like the English abbr. Ltd.,
            always placed after the name of the company.
            Abbr. S.A.

            society (1) the general organization of any large
            group of people living together under a system
            of laws and accepted standards of behaviour:
            Modern __American/ European|Indian _ society
            demands freedom from want. A dishonest person
            ls not accepted in society. Well-organized society.
            (2) an association of persons with common
            aims or interests: A horticultural society, one
            that brings together people interested in horti-
            culture (gardening). Abbr. SOc. ; soc.
            affiliated societies see separate entry.
            approved society see friendly society.
            benefit society see benefit club.


                evince -p 482 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            ———

            building society see separate entry.

            co-operative society see co-operative.

            friendly society see separate entry. ”
            industrial and provident society see separ

            entry. : }
            provident society see in

            iety.
            oacaitte for Worldwide Inter-Bank Finan-

            cial Telecommunications (S.W.LF.T.)
            BKG. an organization based in Brussels,
            Belgium, of over 900 member banks in about S
            40 countries for passing and recording inter-
            national payments. |
            socio-economic ECON. social and economic:
            The socio-economic conditions in China, the con-
            ditions under which people live and work. 3
            socio-economic grade IND. a consumer clas-
            sification scheme which segments a market or
            population on the basis of class. E.g. in the
            U.K., the socio-economic grades are based
            upon the occupation of the head of households,

            dustrial and provident

            and there are six categories related to the §

            classes: A, B, Cl, C2, D and E. Cf. psycho- §&

            graphics. Abbr. S.E.G. =
            S.O.E. state-owned enterprise. s
            soft currency see under currency. $
            soft goods COM. & IND. (1) cloth of all kinds,

            for sale as material rather than made into

            articles such as clothes or curtains, (2) see

            consumer non-durables. :

            soft loan see under loan. See also International
            Development Association.

            soft market see under market.

            soft money see under money.

            softs COMMOD. EXCH. in the London commodity
            futures markets, commodities other than
            metals, e.g. cocoa, coffee, grains, meat,
            potatoes, rubber and sugar.

            soft selling ADVTG. the use of quiet and hardly
            noticeable methods of advertising and selling
            a product. Opp. hard selling. N. (collog.) a soft
            sell.

            software COMP. the automatic programming
            methods and the materials and equipment used
            in operating a computer, as opposed to hard-
            ware, i.e. the computer itself. Software consists
            of programs prepared by computer manufac-
            turers for users to operate on hardware, 1.e.
            on an actual computer. Application software is
            specially intended to perform a particular kind
            of work, while system software is intended for
            more general use in running and managing a
            computer system.

            soiled com. of goods, dirty, esp. shop-soiled,
            made dirty or slightly worn by handling in a
            Shop. Syn. shop-worn.

            Sola BKG. (Latin, sole) one and only; a bill of:
            exchange of which only one document is issued,
            that being the original itself, there being no
            other copies. Sola is a short form of: sola of


            solvent - 4717

            exchange; sole of exchange; sola bill. Cf. bill
            (of exchange) in a set. =

            old v. (1) past tense and past participle of sell:
            To be sold, for sale. Sold out, of supplies or
            stocks, all have been sold and none remain.
            Sold off, got rid of at a reduced price. See sell.
            (2) (collog.) cheated: After paying the money I
            found I had been sold, because the goods were
            useless.

            old day book see sales day book. —

            old note STK. EXCH. a note to his client from a
            stockbroker who has carried out his client’s
            order to sell a security. The note records full
            details of the particular deal. See contract note.
            Opp. bought note.

            Nes only one of a kind: 7 he sole
            owner/proprietor of a business. A sole agent, an
            agent who, by agreement, is his principal’s
            one and only agent in a particular place (see
            exclusive sales agreement). Sole rights, rights
            that nobody else has.

            ole bill see sola.

            ole of exchange see sola.

            ole proprietor see under proprietor.

            ole trader see under trader.

            olicit com. to ask for, esp. by expressing a
            desire for something and inviting or urging
            that it be given: To solicit orders/business/
            trade/subscriptions by advertising, etc. To solicit
            alms, to beg for charity. Cf. unsolicited.

            olicitor LAW a lawyer, esp. in England, who,
            after a period of training in a law office and
            after passing the examinations of the Law
            Society, has been made an officer of the
            Supreme Court. He thus becomes a member of
            that branch of the legal profession that is alone
            qualified to be a legal adviser to clients, to act
            for them in cases in the civil and criminal
            courts, to represent them personally in the
            lower courts, and to prepare cases for barristers
            in the higher courts. Solicitors attend to a
            variety of other legal matters such as preparing
            wills, administering estates and trusts, convey-
            ancing (transferring ownership of) land and
            buildings, forming companies, and drawing
            up contracts and other legal documents. Cf.
            barrister-at-law. Syn. (Scotland) writer:
            (U.S.A) attorney.

            Olicitor’s lien Law the right of a solicitor to
            keep in his possession documents which he
            holds in his position as solicitor until his fees
            have been paid.

            solid measure see cubic or solid measure.

            solvency LAW & FIN. ability to pay one’s debts
            in full when due; the state of being solvent.
            Cf. insolvency. Syn. solvability. See also acid
            test ratio.

            solvent (1) LAW & FIN. able to pay one’s debts
            in full when they are due for payment. Cf.
            insolvent. Syn. solvable. (2) accTs. of a busi-
            ness, having an excess of assets over liabilities.



                evince -p 483 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &


            472 - Som.

            Som. Somerset(shire), England.
            son compte French (on) his account. Abbr. s/c.

            S.o.R. (on) sale or return. 3
            sorter an employee in the Post Office who sorts

            letters.

            sorting machine ACCTS. a machine that auto-
            matically sorts, e.g. punched cards into a cer-
            tain order.

            S.O.S. a call for help by a person in trouble, or
            a group of persons in very great danger of
            death. It is understood in all languages. The
            sinking ship sent out an S.O.S. An S.O.S. mes-
            sage. Also SOS.

            source a place of origin, from which something
            comes or can be obtained: My job is my main
            source of income, how I get most of my income.
            A source of supply of raw materials.

            source and application of funds AccrtTs. a
            statement of the flow of cash in and out of a
            business; it is a required part of financial
            reports in many countries. Syn. (U.S.A.) funds
            flow statement.

            source language see assembly language under
            language.

            South Sea Bubble Econ. Hist. a shameful
            event in 1720 concerning the South Sea Com-
            pany based in London. People rushed madly
            to buy its shares, expecting it to make high
            profits from its newly-gained monopoly of trade
            with the South Sea Islands in the Pacific, given
            in return for taking responsibility for part of
            the British national debt. Encouraged by the
            king and the government, the directors dis-
            honestly and foolishly used the company’s capi-
            tal to buy its own shares in the market, thus
            causing the price to go even higher. In time
            the public lost confidence and the crash came.
            Some had made great fortunes, but thousands
            were ruined. For over a century after this
            the formation of joint-stock companies was
            stopped by law. See bubble.

            SOV. sovereign.

            sovereign (1) a king or queen (see monarch).
            (2) FIN. a gold coin, formerly the standard of
            the British coinage, equal to £1, but nowadays
            minted only for the gold reserve of the Bank
            of England and for use in certain areas in the
            Middle East. It is not legal tender in Britain.
            Abbr. sov.

            sovereign risk see risk, sovereign.

            S.P. supra protest.

            Spa TouR. a place where there is a spring of
            water that is taken as medicine for certain
            diseases, esp. such a place that has become a
            resort. Syn. watering place.

            space-bar on a typewriter, a key in the form of
            a horizontal bar which, when pressed, causes
            the carriage to move forward one space.

            span of control see line of command.

            Spare (part) an extra part of a machine kept

            ready to replace the part at present in use if it
            should fail.

            sparklers (collog.) diamonds.

            spec. speculation.

            special acceptance see qualified acceptance
            under acceptance (5).

            special agent see agent.

            Special Arab Assistance Fund for Africa
            (S.A.A.F.A.) see Arab Bank for Economic
            Development in Africa. Also known as the Arab
            Loan Fund for Africa.

            special bonus see under bonus (3).

            special buyer FIN & STK. EXCH. in Britain, a
            member of a firm of discount brokers ap.
            pointed and directed by the Bank of England
            to buy and sell Treasury bills and certain other
            first-class securities to the commercial banks
            and to the public as a means of controlling the
            monetary system. Cf. Government Broker.

            Special Commissioners of Income Tax
            (S.C.1.T.) LAW & TAXN. in Britain, a judicial
            tribunal of officials appointed by the Treasury
            to decide appeals against assessments of certain
            classes of taxes on incomes.

            special crossing see crossed cheque under che-
            que.

            special damages see under damages, n. pl.

            special delivery in Britain, a service performed
            by the Post Office, by which an urgent letter or
            packet is carried as first-class mail but receives
            favoured treatment and fast delivery, if necess-
            ary by special messenger. An extra fee is char-
            ged for this service. Syn. express (letter)
            delivery.

            special deposits BKG. in Britain, deposits, usu.
            of very large sums, that must be made by
            commercial banks with the Bank of England

            when directed by the government, usu. as a

            means of controlling the money supply by limit-

            ing the amount of credit that the banks can
            give to their customers.
            Special Drawing Rights see under Drawing

            Rights. Abbr. S.D.R.

            special endorsement/indorsement BKG. see
            under endorsement.

            specialist (1) a person who specializes: 4 medi-
            cal specialist, a doctor who specializes in dis-
            eases and injuries of a particular kind, such
            as an eye/heart/cancer specialist. A specialist
            in company law/management accounting| factory
            design. (2) STK. EXCH. a broker who specializes
            in dealings in a small list of securities.

            speciality a subject or activity in which one
            specializes, esp. in which one becomes well
            known: Sports clothing is the speciality of that
            shop. Wedding cakes are our speciality. Also

            (esp. U.S.A.) specialty.

            speciality fund see under mutual fund.

            specialization see division of labour.

            specialize COM. & IND. to limit one’s business
            activities to a particular kind of product oF


                evince -p 484 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &


            - a ct a ete —


            furniture-manufacturers specialize
            Je others in making chairs. We
            e-building/road construction/

            ce: Some
            in making beds,

            serv!

            speci a lize a br idg
            animal et ccuintet
            j r see :

            — verte see under partner. 4

            special partnership see limited partnership
            under partnership. Sarai

            special power s¢e under power; po
            attormey.

            special referee see referee.

            special resolution see resolution.

            special survey see under survey.

            specialty see speciality.

            specialty contract see under contract.

            specialty debt see under debt. |

            specie FIN. money in the form of coins, not
            bullion or bank-notes.

            specie point see gold point.

            specification (1) LAW under the law of patents,
            a very detailed written statement giving a
            description of the special character and method
            of operation of a new invention. (2) IND. any
            detailed description of the form and content of
            an article or commodity, or the process by
            which something is produced: These goods are
            not to specification, they are not as described.

            specification, Customs see customs spe-
            cification.

            specification, job see job specification.

            specific capital see under capital.

            specific duty see under duty.

            specific grant see block grant under grant.

            specific gravity the ratio of the density of a
            substance to that of water. Abbr. s.g.; sp.gr.

            specific legacy see under legacy.

            specific performance see under performance.

            specific tax see under tax.

            specimen (1) COM. a sample:A publisher sends
            specimen copies of his books to teachers. (2) BKG.
            specimen signature, see under signature.

            Spec. Pref. Specified Preference (shares).

            speculate (1) CoM. to take risks in business,
            esp. to invest money in a risky business deal
            in the hope of making a big profit: To speculate
            in land, to buy land when prices are low, with
            the intention of selling it later when prices are
            higher, aiming to make a capital gain rather
            than merely to receive an income in the form
            of rent. Cf. gamble. N. speculation. (2) sTK.
            EXCH. (a) to buy a security, not as an invest-
            ment, but with the intention of selling it, if
            possible at a profit, during the present account
            period, i.e. before the security bought has to
            be paid for. (6) to buy gilt-edged securities
            when they are cheap, because interest rates are
            high, with the intention of selling them when
            they become dearer, i.e. when interest rates
            have fallen. (3) COMMOD. EXCH. to risk making
            a loss (a) in buying a commodity in the hope
            of making a large profit by selling it later when


            v ~ oes Te

            split capital - 473

            the price has risen or (5) in selling a commodity
            forward, i.e. for delivery at some future date,
            with the hope of buying it at a lower price
            before the delivery date.

            speculation (1) the act of speculating. The use
            of capital to buy something in the hope of
            making a profit from a change in the market
            price. (2) the practice of buying goods on credit
            in the hope of selling them at a profit before
            having to pay for them. (3) any business deal or
            venture that is highly risky. (4) STK. & COMMOD.
            EXCH. dealing in futures, the practice of selling
            a security or commodity forward, i.e. contract-
            ing to deliver at a certain price on a fixed
            future date, with the hope of buying it at a
            lower price before the delivery date. See play-
            ing the market. Abbr. (colloqg.) spec., esp. 1n the
            phrase on spec., as a speculation/gamble.

            speculative relating to or concerned with spe-
            culation: A speculative builder, a house-builder
            who builds houses as a speculation, i.e. he uses
            his capital to buy the land, materials and labour
            in the hope or expectation that he will sell the
            finished houses at a profit.

            speculative investment see under investment.

            speculative market see under market

            speculator a person who speculates, esp. a
            person who buys in the expectation of making
            a quick profit from a change in the market
            price in the future. Cf. investor.

            spelling-error detection COMP. a word pro-
            cessing program which contains a dictionary;
            it checks the spelling of inputs against this,
            showing differences.

            spending, discretionary see discretionary
            spending.

            spending money see under money.

            spending-power see purchasing power (1).

            spendthrift a person who spends money care-
            lessly and wastefully, without attempting to
            balance his income and his expenditure.

            3p. QF. specific gravity.

            spin-off (1) IND. a by-product. (2) more gener-
            ally, something extra that is obtained from, but
            it less important than, the main object of a
            process or other activity: Some new weapons
            are a spin-off of Space research. (3) STK. EXCH.
            in U.S.A. the action of a parent company in
            sharing out among ts stockholders the controll-
            ing stock that it holds in a subsidiary company.
            Also spinoff. See also divestiture.

            spiral see inflationary spiral.

            spirit, proof see proof spirit.

            piv (collog.) a socially undesirable person who
            avoids honest work and likes to show how he
            can live a life of ease by making small business
            deals of doubtful legality.

            split capital sTK EXCH. a form of capital struc-
            ture adopted esp. by investment trust compa-
            nies, by which the capital consists of two kinds
            of shares, capital shares and income shares, with



                evince -p 485 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &


            474 - split price

            different rights. Income shareholders trend,
            all the income during the life of = S ane
            but at the end get no share a ne aie
            appreciation of the investments, — tii
            only the nominal value of sansa oe o*
            shareholders receive no income, ou v : -
            | d is wound up, get a share 0! :

            rust fun PE oe
            ome and repayment of the nominal

            capital gain,
            value of their shares. — ae
            split price see differential prices.
            split share see under share.
            split shift see under shift. i
            split the difference to reach agreement y
            halving the difference between the price asked
            and the price offered.
            splitting shares STK. EXCH. the action of a
            company in splitting, 1.¢. dividing, each of its
            existing shares into two or more parts, reducing
            the face or par value in proportion and so
            increasing the number of shares. For example,
            a company with a share capital of £100,000
            may decide to split, i.e. to divide, each of its
            100,000 shares of £1 face value into four shares
            of 25p face value. The total share capital will
            remain unchanged at £100,000 but it will now
            be divided into 400,000 shares. The main rea-
            son for splitting shares is to make it easier for
            small investors to buy them in small lots, thus
            increasing the number of shareholders. Syn.
            (U.S.A.) splitting stock. N. share split. Syn.
            (U.S.A.) stock split.
            spoiling the market STK. & COMMOD. EXCH.
            causing the market price of a security or com-
            modity to rise or fall suddenly by buying or
            selling an excessively large quantity at one time
            instead of spreading the deals over a period.
            See line (5).
            spondulicks (U.S.A. collog.) money. Also spon-
            dulics; spondulix.
            sponge (collog.) to live at somebody else’s
            expense; to borrow habitually. Cf. cadge.
            sponger n. a lazy person who prefers to be kept
            by others rather than to work for his living.
            An habitual borrower. Cf. bloodsucker. Syn.
            deadbeat.
            sponsor n. (1) ADVTG. a person or organization
            who agrees to be responsible for paying the cost
            of an advertising programme. A programme
            sponsor, on commercial radio and television, a
            company that pays the cost of a programme so
            as to get its name before the public.
            v. to become a sponsor, e.g. to support another
            person’s application for a job or loan, or to
            make a business venture.
            (2) STK. EXCH. & BKG. an issuing house that, in
            return for a fee, takes full responsibility for all
            the work of making a new issue of shares.
            Spontaneous combustion INSCE. a tendency
            e es substances, e.g. oily rags, to catch
            y themselves, without any outside cause,

            thus being a source of danger to insured goods
            and property.
            spot cash see under cash.
            spot check see snap check. | | |
            spot-deferred contract STK. & COMMOD. Exc
            an agreement to buy a security or a cOMmmMOdit:
            at a fixed price at any time in the future, the
            buyer paying a regular sum of money as time
            passes for the right to take delivery when he
            decides to do so. It is thus a form of open-ended
            futures contract. Also deferred spot contract.
            spot delivery COM. immediate delivery,
            spot exchange FIN. & BKG. foreign currency
            bought or sold for immediate delivery. Cf
            forward exchange. | |
            spot goods COM. goods ready for immediate
            antciniak see cash market under market; also
            foreign-exchange market.
            spot price see under price.
            spot rate see under exchange rate. |
            spot trader com. a trader who holds a stock of
            a commodity ready for immediate delivery.
            A spot trader does not supply on long-term
            contracts.
            spout (collog.) a pawnbroker’s shop.
            up the spout (a) of a thing, in pawn, (b) of a
            person, in financial difficulties, ruined.
            spread n. (1) CoM. the difference between the
            cost price and the selling price, 1.¢. the margin
            of profit or mark-up. (2) STK. EXCH. the diffe-
            rence between a seller’s asking (or offer) price
            and a buyer’s bid price. (3) STK. EXCH. the
            range of different classes of securities contained
            in a portfolio of investments: A wide, broad
            spread of over 200 investments, from gilt-edged
            to mining shares, thus reducing risks. (4) STK.
            & COMMOD. EXCH. the difference between the
            prices for spot delivery and future delivery. (5)
            STK. EXCH. in U.S.A., a put and call option in
            which there are two different prices, one for
            the put and another for the call. (6) INSCE. see
            spreading the risk. See also spreads.
            spreading the risk INSCE. the basic idea of
            reinsurance, by which the insurer reduces his
            chance of serious loss by bearing only part of
            any one insurance contract himself, passing
            the rest to others, so that the risk is spread
            over, and shared by, a number of insurers in
            agreed proportions. Syn. reinsurance.
            spreads n. pl. FIN. the difference in yield between
            national bonds and international bonds, e.g.

            between U.S. Treasury Bonds and Eurobonds.
            See also spread.

            spreadsheet comp. a special kind of computer
            software used esp. for planning business
            activity. Given a set of mathematical relation-
            ships between variable values, a spreadsheet
            can very quickly calculate what effect a change
            in one variable will have on the others.

            Spree a period of freedom and enjoyment, esp.


                evince -p 486 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            he
            x ’ x l ar} 1
            gees oT."

            a time of uncontrolled spending: A buying/
            spending/shopping spree. :

            spurt STK. & COMMOD. EXCH. of market prices a
            sudden jump upwards: Chemicals put on a spurt
            after days of quiet trading.

            spying see industrial spying.

            Sq. square (open space in a town).

            sq. square (measure).

            squander to waste time, money or valuable
            goods, esp. to use up materials wastefully. To
            squander a fortune, to spend it wastefully.

            square adj. fair; honest: A square deal, one that
            is fair to both parties. Square treatment, fair
            and honest behaviour esp. by an employer
            towards his employees.
            square pegs in round holes persons wrongly
            chosen for the work that they have to do.
            n. (1) an open space, usu. having four straight
            sides, in a town. Abbr. Sq. (2) an area of 100
            sq. ft (of flooring, roofing, etc.).
            v. (1) to settle, esp. to pay one’s debts: We have
            squared all our accounts, paid all our debts. To
            square up with somebody, to balance accounts
            and to pay or receive what one party owes to
            the other. (2) (collog.) to bribe.

            square measure measurement of area, i.e. of
            length multiplied by breadth. See also sur-
            veyor’s measure. Abbr. sq. See table on page
            543.

            Square Mile, The the City of London. See
            City, The.

            squatter LAW a person who occupies land or
            buildings without permission from the owner
            and without paying rent. See squatter’s title
            under title.

            squeeze (1) FIN. controls by the government,
            usu. in times of inflation, as a means of limiting
            the quantity of money in the economy: An
            income/pay squeeze, a limit placed on the
            amount by which employers may increase the
            salaries or wages of their employees. A
            dividend/profit squeeze, a limit on the amount
            by which companies may increase the divi-
            dends they pay to their shareholders. Syn. mon-
            etary control; restraint.
            credit squeeze see separate entry.
            (2) STK. EXCH. Bear squeeze, action by buyers
            of a particular security to force bears to deliver
            the shares that they have contracted to deliver
            at the agreed price on the due date; this the
            bears can only do by buying in the market at
            a loss.

            Sr. Senior.

            S/R. (on) sale or return.

            S.R. & C.C. strikes, riot and civil commotion.

            S.R.O. self-regulatory organization.

            S.R.P. suggested retail price.

            S/S, S.S. steamship.

            $.S. steamship.

            S.S.A.P. Statement of Standard Accounting
            Practice.


            st

            ‘im Pe tr

            t. street; saint; strait.

            t. steam trawler; short ton.

            T. Standard Time; Summer Time; spring tide.
            tabex see Lomé Convention.

            abilization BCON. action by a government to
            prevent or reduce large fluctuations (move-
            ments up and down) in the general level of
            prices, production, unemployment, and the
            value of the currency on the foreign-exchange
            markets. See stabilizers.

            abilization fund FIN. money set aside by a
            government, usu. in an account with the centra!
            bank of the country, for use in buying and
            selling gold and foreign currencies in order to
            prevent large upward and downward swings in
            the value of the country’s own currency. In
            Britain, the Exchange Equalization Account.
            rabilize to make, or cause to be, steady; to
            protect against changes: To stabilize the cur-
            rency. To stabilize a ship by loading her with
            ballast.
            tabilized bond see indexed bond under bond,
            ii.
            tabilizers (1) ECON. THEORY those economic
            influences that, in a free economy, have a
            tendency to reduce wide swings in the level of
            prices, incomes, production and employment.
            For example, if unemployment rises the
            government spends more on unemployment
            benefit and training schemes, which puts more
            money into the economy, increasing incomes
            and reducing unemployment. Other economic
            stabilizers are progressive income tax, interest
            rates, and government spending. (2) SHIPG.
            movable wing-like plates fitted under the water
            to the sides of a ship to reduce rolling move-
            ments in a rough sea.
            taff n. MAN. (1) the employees collectively of a
            business or other organization: The teaching
            staff of a school, college, etc., as opposed to
            the pupils or students. (2) the managers of a
            business and their close helpers, esp. office
            workers such as secretaries, clerks, typists,
            designers, and certain outside workers such
            as salesmen, as opposed to factory and other
            industrial workers who actually produce goods.
            v. to provide with a staff of workers: His job is
            to staff the new branch office, to employ the
            workers needed to operate the new office.
            field staff see separate entry.
            salaried staff see separate entry.
            staff restaurant see canteen.
            staffs. Staffordshire, England.

            stag n. STK. EXCH. a speculator who applies for
            an allotment of shares in a new issue with the
            intention of selling them at a profit as quickly
            as possible. If the issue is oversubscribed, the
            market price when dealings begin on the stock
            exchange will probably be higher than the issue
            price, and the speculator will make a profit.
            But if the issue is undersubscribed, he will not




                evince -p 487 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            476 - stage

            be able to sell the s
            the market price wil

            hares at a profit, because
            | be below the issue pres
            issue of shares, Only |
            : . oe. z on at a profit, not to hold
            alae an investment. To stag in new Issues,
            to speculate in i” Kop stopping place on
            stage (1) TRANSPT. ‘wided into stages.
            a journey: Bus routes are dividea into ae .
            Fare stage, a part of a bus route on which the
            amount of a fare 1s calculated. Stagecoach,
            ‘n former times, a horse-carriage travelling
            regularly by stages along a certain route. (2)
            sHIPG, a place where ships can load or unload
            cargo or passengers: A landing stage. (3) in a
            theatre, the raised area on which the actors
            perform. See platform. (4) actors collectively ;
            the profession of acting, performing plays, etc.
            for the public. :
            stagflation (British collog.) ECON. an economic
            condition in which there is a high rate of
            inflation, low industrial production and ever-
            rising unemployment. (From stagnation and
            inflation.)
            stagger to spread holidays, working hours, meal
            times, etc. in such a way that fewer employees
            are away from work at the same time, or so
            that the inconvenience of rush-hour traffic,
            queuing in canteens, etc. is reduced: Staggered
            holidays/lunch hours/working hours.
            stagnant (1) STK. & COMMOD. EXCH. of market
            conditions, inactive; dull; with little or no
            business being done. (2) CoM. of trading con-
            ditions, inactive: Business is stagnant, there
            being no buyers. N. stagnation.
            stagnation see trade cycle under cycle.
            staircase chart see bar chart under chart.
            stake (1) a sum of money, called stake-money,
            that is risked on the result of a future race or
            fight. (2) COM. & FIN. money risked in a business
            venture: We have a large stake in the new
            company, we have risked a large sum on shares
            in the new company.
            stakeholder (1) LAW a person, such as an estate
            agent or a solicitor, who holds a sum of money
            deposited by the buyer in a transfer of owner-
            ship of land and buildings. The deposit will be
            paid to the seller only if the buyer agrees, or
            returned to the buyer only if the seller agrees.
            (2) MAN. a sub-group of an organization, made
            up of people who have a common interest in
            a project or activity. Each stakeholder group
            may have different objectives, and top manage-
            ment will have to bring these into agreement
            if it wants the project to go ahead with the co-
            operation of all concerned.
            Stale cheque see under cheque. «
            Stall see booth; stand.
            Stallage FIN. & Com. rent paid to a local
            ment authority for the rig eee
            nority for the right to put up a stall
            se booth in a market-place, etc.
            ™ amp n. (1) an instrument for Printing or press-

            _—

            :— SI
            =i
            i

            ing a mark, esp. On documents, covers, etc.: 4
            date/rubber/signature stamp. (2) a small piece of
            printed paper, gummed on the back, bought
            in advance for a certain sum, and stuck on a
            document, envelope or cover, etc. to show that
            a tax or price has been paid: A postage/
            revenue/trading stamp.
            ». to mark something with a stamp: To stamp
            a letter/packet/parcel. A stamped envelope.
            adhesive stamp a stamp printed on gummed
            paper, intended to be stuck on to a document,
            envelope or cover, etc. Cf. impressed stamp.
            appropriated stamp an adhesive stamp that
            bears on it a word or words naming the particu-
            lar class of instrument on which it may be
            used, such as a broker’s contract note, it may
            not be used on any other class of document.
            date-stamp an instrument used for printing by
            hand the date on a document, envelope or
            cover, with an arrangement for changing the
            date as necessary.
            impressed stamp a stamp that is pressed perma-
            nently into the paper of a document, cover,
            etc., as opposed to an adhesive stamp, which is
            stuck on with gum and can easily be removed.
            postage stamp a small piece of paper, printed
            in colour with a value and gummed on the
            back, that can be bought at post offices to stick
            on letters, packets, parcels, etc. to show that
            the postal charges have been paid.
            revenue stamp (a) a small piece of paper similar
            to a postage stamp but sold at government
            offices for sticking on documents to show that
            taxes have been paid. (5) an official mark that
            is pressed into the paper of a document usu.
            to show that taxes have been paid.
            rubber stamp (a) an instrument, usu. of rubber
            with a wooden handle, for printing by hand an
            official mark or some words on to a document,
            such as a cheque or passport. (5) the mark or
            words so printed. (c) a person esp. an official
            or an organization, who authorizes or agrees
            to some activity automatically, without giving
            it proper attention.
            signature stamp a rubber stamp for printing a
            copy of a person’s signature on a document.
            trading stamp a small piece of printed paper
            similar to a postage stamp, bearing a value and
            given by traders to their customers as a means
            of allowing a discount on the amount they
            spend. The customer collects the stamps in a
            special book which, when full, he can exchange
            for money or for goods at a special shop kept
            by the organization that sells the stamps to the
            traders.
            itamp duty see under duty.
            stamping machine MAN. a machine used in
            offices and warehouses for sticking postage
            stamps on to letters and packets. See also frank-
            ing machine.
            itamp note sHIPG. a document signed by a



                evince -p 488 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            ee

            customs officer allowing goods to be loaded
            ‘nto a ship. _
            stamp pad MAN. a pad kept wet with ink, used
            for inking rubber or hand stamps.
            stand (1) a temporary structure on which goods
            are shown at an exhibition or trade fair; or on
            which goods are shown for sale in a market or
            at a fair-ground. Syn. stall. (2) a frame of
            | shelves, hooks, etc. for showing goods for sale
            | ‘n a shop, often supplied free of cost by a
            manufacturer to encourage the shopkeeper to
            stock his products. See dealer aids. Syn. rack
            (3) com. a small shop, esp. of a movable or
            temporary nature: A news-stand. (4) TRANSPT.
            a place where public service vehicles regularly
            | stop or wait: A bus/cab/taxi stand. (5) LAW in
            | a court of law, esp. in U.S.A., the witness box:
            The witness took the stand, went into the witness
            box.
            stand-alone COMP. a self-contained system
            which is not linked to any other system.
            standard adj. (1) usual; ordinary; not special:
            Goods of standard quality/size/weight. We stock
            all standard sizes of clothing. (2) of average size,
            weight or quality: Standard eggs/petrol. Abbr.
            std.
            n. (1) a model or basis for comparison; a test
            for measuring; a pattern to be followed. (2) a
            degree of quality that is needed or desired for
            a certain purpose: The appearance of this article
            is not up to standard. We buy goods only of the
            highest standard. (3) SHIPG. a unit for measuring
            cargoes of timber: 165 cu. ft. (4) ECON. & FIN.
            a system, called a monetary standard, by which
            the value of the main currency unit of a country
            is fixed by the government as a certain weight
            of precious metal (esp. of gold); or as a certain
            number of units of the currency of another
            country; or as a variation of these.
            automatic standard see separate entry.
            bimetallic standard a monetary system having
            both gold and silver as standard metals. See
            bimetallism.
            commodity standard a monetary system in
            which the main unit of the currency can be
            exchanged for a fixed quantity of a commodity
            other than gold and silver, such as cotton,
            tobacco or coffee. See commodity money.
            double standard see parallel standard below.
            fiat standard a monetary system in which the
            value of the main unit of currency is not fixed
            as an amount of gold, silver or other com-
            modity, but as an amount of fiat money, 1.e.
            money having a value only because it has been
            made legal tender by order of the government.
            gold bullion standard see under gold standard.
            gold exchange standard see under gold standard.
            gold standard see separate entry.
            paper standard any monetary standard in which
            the par value of the main monetary unit is
            fixed, not as a certain weight of gold, silver or


            Ce.

            em,
            — _ a * a - = —_ —

            ee ee ee ee

            standardization - 477

            a commodity, but as a fixed number of units
            of some other currency.

            parallel standard a monetary system having
            coins of more than one precious metal, with
            no fixed value of one metal in relation to the
            other(s). Syn. double standard.
            tariff standard a monetary system in which
            certain foreign coins and notes are made legal .
            tender and circulate at fixed values in relation
            to each other.

            itandard agreement LAW & Com. a printed
            form of agreement or contract that a contractor
            regularly uses in his business dealings with his
            customers.

            standard & Poor’s 500 Stock Index sTK.
            EXCH. in U.S.A., an index number of 425 Amer-
            ican industrial companies and 75 railway and
            public utility concerns.

            standard coinage see under coinage.

            standard costs IND. & ACCTS. the planned costs,
            carefully estimated in advance of production,
            to show what the goods should cost if the plans
            are followed and if the estimates are correct.
            Later, as a form of management control, the
            standard costs are compared with the actual
            costs and any variations are studied and, if
            necessary, acted upon.

            standard fire policy see fire policy under
            insurance policy.

            standard gauge see under gauge.

            standard Industrial Classification a scheme
            used in Britain and U.S.A. to classify organi-
            zations by industry, each industry and sub-
            industry having a numeric code, making sev-
            eral thousand codes in total. Abbr. S.1.C.

            standard International Trade Classifi-
            cation CoM. a list, used by nearly all countries
            of the world, which gives code-numbers to
            different classes and sub-classes of goods being
            imported or exported in world trade. The ten
            main classes are numbered 0 to 9 and are: 0.
            food and live animals; 1. beverages (drinks)
            and tobacco; 2. crude inedible materials (i.e.
            that are not manufactured and are not for
            eating) except fuels; 3. mineral fuels, grease
            and oils; 4. animal and vegetable oils and fats;
            5. chemicals; 6. manufactured goods classed
            according to materials; 7. machinery and trans-
            port equipment; 8. various manufactured
            goods; 9. commodities not included under clas-
            ses 0 to 8 above. Abbr. S.1.T.C.

            standardization IND. (1) a process of reducing
            the number of different articles produced, their
            various sizes, qualities, colours, patterns, etc.
            in order to simplify production by getting rid
            of unnecessary variety; also to obtain the econ-
            omies of scale that result from increasing the
            quantities of the fewer varieties that are being
            produced; and generally to reduce the unit
            cost of production. (2) the existence of, or the
            process of introducing, a generally accepted




                evince -p 489 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            478 - standard mark

            rs to follow in
            dards for produce
            2 he qual size, weight, safety, etc.

            system
            See British Standards Insti-

            egard to the
            of their products.
            tution.
            standard
            put on new
            assay office
            fineness of
            least 925 pa
            sterling silver.
            standard money sr seneral sense, the
            standard of living (1) ina és € persons
            degree to which a person or group O° P ble to
            and their families, or a community, are a: a
            satisfy their wants. The standard is low if they
            can buy only the barest necessities, as in many
            developing countries; it is high if they can buy
            all the food, clothing, housing and comforts
            that they desire, as in many advanced coun-
            tries. A reasonable standard is one that is good
            enough for health and well-being, including
            food, clothing, medical care and education. (2)
            ECON. THEORY the amount of goods and services
            that a person can buy with the money that he
            earns, i.e. the real value of his income. This
            depends on the value of goods and services
            produced per head of the population; and liv-
            ing standards can increase only if output and
            productivity rise. Syn. living standard;
            (U.S.A.) level of living.
            standard rate TAXN. of income tax in Britain,
            the rate of tax payable on all income above
            a certain level determined by the taxpayer’s
            allowances. Extra rates, called higher rate tax,
            are payable on higher incomes. A further
            charge called the investment-income surcharge
            is payable, in addition to the standard and the
            higher rate, on unearned or investment income
            above a certain level. Syn. basic rate.
            Standard Time the time adopted officially by
            the government of a country, usu. the local
            time of a certain meridian (a north-south line)
            passing through the middle of the country (or
            a region of a very large country). This meridian
            is chosen because it is a convenient number
            of hours or half-hours ahead of, or behind,
            Greenwich Mean Time. See time-zone. Abbr.
            S: £.
            standard-time system IND. a system by which
            an industrial worker is paid according to the
            number of units of work that he performs, each
            unit being expressed as a fixed or standard
            period of time. If he finishes the work in less
            than the standard time, he is able to complete
            more units per day or per week, and his pay is
            Increased accordingly. If he takes longer than
            _ a 7 to finish a unit of work,
            mplete fewer units and will earn
            correspondingly less.
            Standby arrangements
            that members of the

            one of the marks
            the government
            It shows the
            ch must be at
            called

            mark IND. in Britain,
            silver articles by
            (see under assay).
            the silver used, whl :
            rts pure silver 1n 1000 parts,

            e under money.


            FIN. arrangements
            International Monetary

            Fund (I.M.F.) are able to make with the Fund,
            for which purpose reserves are kept ready for
            use when necessary, esp. In an emergency such
            as when a country has temporary difficulty with
            its balance of payments. Such standby credits
            are extra to the amount of each country’s Draw-
            ing Rights and may be further increased under
            the General Arrangements to Borrow (G.A.B.)
            provided by the Group of Ten. Syn. standby
            agreement.
            standby cost see fixed cost under cost.
            standing credit BKG. an arrangement between
            a customer and his bank by which the customer
            may enjoy the convenience of cashing cheques,
            up to a certain value, at another named branch
            of his bank, or at a particular branch of another
            bank.
            standing, financial see financial standing.
            standing order BKG. see banker's order.
            standing orders MAN. & LAW 4 set of rules
            permanently adopted by an organization,
            governing the manner 1n which its meetings
            shall be held and managed, such as the appoint-
            ment, powers and duties of the chairman,
            officers and committees, the order of business,
            the procedure for discussions and the system
            of voting.
            standstill agreement FIN. an agreement
            between two countries, one of which cannot
            pay a debt due to the other, by which the
            debtor country is given a fixed extension of
            time to pay.
            staple adj. COM. & IND. of commodities, prod-
            ucts, etc., leading; most important: The staple
            crop of Egypt is cotton. The staple food in Sri
            Lanka is rice.
            n. (1) the staple crop itself. (2) a metal fastening
            for joining papers together. A stapling machine,
            an instrument for fastening papers by means
            of a staple, also called a stapler.
            star (1) MAN. a product or business with a high
            relative market share in a high growth market.
            It will therefore be profitable but will require
            further investment to maintain its position as
            the market grows. See also growth/share
            matrix. Syn. rising star. (2) COMP. a computer
            network system in which each terminal is con-
            nected to a central computer through which all
            messages must pass. Cf. bus; ring (2); tree.
            Starboard sHIPG. the right-hand side of a ship
            when facing forward. Opp. port; larboard.
            Start-up FIN. & IND. the act of beginning a
            business, of starting work as a manufacturer,
            trader, or provider of services. Start- ts
            the capital needed to be ss GRRE
            Wusltiess harace: spent in starting a
            a S belore it begins trading.
            _ ind rest ape eee
            State MAN. a short rates Seeds tetas
            of the word statement,

            used for any regular report, return, set of fig-
            ures, etc. sent by a branch or department to


                evince -p 490 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            the management of an organization: A manning
            state, a report on the number of workers pres-
            ent or absent on a certain date.
            state banks (U.S.A.) see banking system.
            | «state capitalism ECON. 4 socialist economic
            | system in which capital, representing the
            : means of production, is largely owned by the
            | State, but the use and management of that
            capital and the direction of commerce and
            industry are mainly left to private businessmen
            working under the close control of the State.
            See capitalism.
            stated account see account stated.
            state(-owned) enterprise see public enter-
            prise under enterprise. Abbr. S.O.E.
            | statement (1) LAW spoken or written words that
            state a fact or give views: A signed statement, a
            formal document signed by the person writing
            it, giving facts. A sworn statement, one made
            under oath or affirmation. (2) ACCTS. a docu-
            ment listing amounts of money owed or owing,
            received or paid: A statement of expenses/of
            receipts and expenditure. See statement of
            account.
            bank statement see separate entry.
            completion statement see under completion.
            financial statement see separate entry.
            operating statement see separate entry.
            reconciliation statement in book-keeping, a
            statement which explains the disagreement
            between two related accounts. See also bank
            | reconciliation statement.
            statement in lieu of prospectus STK. EXCH.
            in Britain, a document similar to, but instead
            of, a prospectus, that must be sent to the
            Registrar of Companies by a public company
            that intends to make a new issue of shares. It
            must be sent to the Registrar at least three days
            before any shares are allotted to the public.
            statement of account ACCTS. a financial docu-
            ment sent regularly, usu. monthly, by a seller
            to a buyer for whom he has a ledger account.
            The statement lists: on one side the number
            and date of all invoices sent; on the other side
            details of payments received from, and credit
            notes issued to, the buyer during the period;
            and at the end gives the balance in the account.
            The statement is a demand for payment of the
            balance without further notice, unless a period
            of credit has been agreed.
            statement of affairs (1) LAW & ACCTS. a finan-
            cial statement, similar to a balance sheet, set-
            ting out the assets and liabilities at a certain
            date, of a bankrupt debtor or of a company in
            liquidation. (2) ACCTS. any list of assets and
            liabilities to take the place of a balance sheet
            where accounting records are incomplete.
            statement of claim LAW in a High Court
            action a document in which the plaintiff states
            facts on which he bases his case against the

            a

            ee
            ee ee

            i a a

            pes J ee
            i
            oe

            status symbol - 479

            defendant and the remedy which he claims his
            by right.

            Statement of Standard Accounting Prac-
            tice ACCTS. a series of guidelines on accounting
            policy issued by accountants’ institutes in the
            U.K. and Ireland. Abbr. S.S8.A.P.

            statement, payment on see payment terms.

            state planning see economic planning under —
            planning.

            stateroom SHIPG. a private room or cabin in
            the passenger accommodation of a ship.

            stateside (U.S.A.) in or relating to the U.S.A.
            as opposed to outside, overseas, foreign: The
            hank could issue A.D.R.s for buying foreign
            shares if stateside demand should be large enough.

            statesman a person who takes a leading part
            in the governing of a country.

            States, the (collog.) the United States of Amer-
            ica: He has gone on a visit to the States.

            state tax see under tax.

            state, welfare see welfare state.

            static economics ECON. THEORY a branch of
            economic science that examines certain basic
            situations in an economy, without taking note
            of any changes that may happen with the
            passing of time. Cf. dynamic economics.

            stationer’s ream see ream.

            station manager see under manager.

            stationmaster TRANSPT. an official in charge
            of one or more railway stations. Cf. station
            manager.

            statism see command economy.

            statist see statistician. The Statist, an important
            British statistical journal that calculates and
            publishes an index of wholesale prices.

            statistic (1) a single number or value, esp. one
            calculated by examining a sample. (2) any
            number in a group of statistics. See statistics,
            pl. |

            Statistical Office see Central Statistical Office.

            statistician a person who has special knowl-
            edge of, and training in, the science of stat-
            istics. Syn. statist.

            statistics (1) a branch of mathematical science
            which deals with the collection, classification
            and use of facts in the form of numbers. (2)
            numbers that are, or can be, collected or calcu-
            lated and presented in such a way that they
            mers useful facts. Trade/population|vital statis-
            Ics.
            statistical adj. relating to, or containing, statis-
            tics: Statistical information. The Statistical Year
            Book. Central Statistical Office (C.S.O.).

            status enquiry agency see credit agency.

            status symbol any object which gives an indi-
            cation of the status of its owner, e.g. a large
            car may indicate wealth, a certain book on a
            shelf may indicate intelligence. Status symbols
            are of relevance to organizations both intern-
            ally (they can be included in the reward system)



                evince -p 491 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &


            480 - statute-barred

            and externally (advertising may emphasise the
            | lue of a product).

            aaah limitation.

            - d see |
            sn ea the written law made by a
            d by the legislature

            statute law Law the
            statute, i.e. the laws passed by @'* eng)
            or highest law-making body of a coun ee
            common law; case law; equity; special law,
            civil law. 3a
            statute mile see under mile.

            Statute of Labourers see Labourers, Statute

            of. a | cd
            Statute of Monopolies see Monopolies, Stat

            ute of.

            statutory LAW that must be done as commanded
            by the law.

            statutory books (of accompany) LAW & MAN.
            in Britain, the five books of record that must
            by law be kept by every limited company: the
            register of members; the register of directors;
            the register of directors’ shareholdings; the
            register of charges; and the minute book (of
            directors’ meetings).

            statutory company see under company.

            statutory instruments see delegated legis-
            lation.

            statutory meeting see under company meet-
            ing.

            Statutory report see statutory meeting under
            company meeting.

            Statutory rights LAW & COM. in the sale of
            goods, the rights given by the law of the country
            to the buyer to e.g. return to the seller any
            goods that are not of merchantable quality (not
            fit to be sold) or are not as described by the
            seller, on condition that the buyer was not told
            at the time of the sale that the goods were
            being sold ‘without warranty’.

            statutory tenant see under tenant.

            stay of execution Law the postponement, by
            a judge, of the putting into effect of an order
            of a court of law.

            stay of proceedings LAw the stopping, by a
            court of law, of proceedings in a lawsuit, either
            permanently, such as when the action is an
            abuse of process, or temporarily, when there is
            a good reason to order a delay. See abuse of
            process.

            std. standard; started.

            S.T.D. subscriber trunk dialling.

            steady STK. EXCH. of market conditions, prices
            are neither rising nor falling.

            steamboat see steamship. Abbr. Str; str.

            steamer see steamship.
            mail steamer a fast ship carrying mails. Abbr.
            m.s.; M.S.

            steamship SHIPG. a vessel driven by one or more
            steam engines. Cf. sailing ship/vessel; motor
            vessel. Abbr. S.S.; s.s.; S/S. Syn. steamboat:
            steamer.

            steep (colloq.) of a price, extremely high.

            Steerage SHIPG. a space in a ship where passen-

            ————————U——_—_— —  tst—<‘iO ie

            gers paying the cheapest fares are accommo-
            dated: To travel steerage. Steerage class.
            stem sHIPG. the front part of a ship: from stem
            to stern, the whole length of the ship.
            stencil a sheet of thin waxed paper which, when
            written or typed upon, is used in an office
            duplicator for printing documents, or in an
            addressing machine for printing addresses.
            stenographer a person whose work is to write
            down in shorthand words dictated by another
            person.
            stenotyping machine see Palantype.
            steno-typist see under typist.
            ster. sterling.
            stere a unit of volume used for measuring tim-
            ber, being one cubic metre (m°) equal to
            1.307954 cu. yd. or 35.3147 cu. ft.
            sterling FIN. the name given to the British
            pound, as opposed to the pound of certain other
            countries. The pound sterling, British money
            generally. Abbr. stg.; ster.
            sterling area FIN. the former name for the
            scheduled territories (see separate entry). Syn.
            sterling bloc.
            sterling balances FIN. (1) balances that were
            kept in London by member countries of the
            sterling area. (2) balances in the form of Trea-
            sury bills, short-dated gilt-edged securities and
            bank deposits, kept in London by foreign
            governments, banks, investors and business-
            men.
            sterling bloc see sterling area.
            sterling bond see under bond.
            sterling, external see external account.
            sterling security FIN. & STK. EXCH. a security
            of which both capital and interest or dividends
            are payable in sterling currency or in the cur-
            rency of another country in the scheduled terri-
            tories.
            sterling silver see standard mark.
            stern SHIPG. the back end of a ship. Cf. stem:
            bows. See also astern.
            stevedore sHIPG. (1) a worker who loads and
            unloads ships. Cf. docker. (2) a contractor who
            takes responsibility for loading and unloading
            ships.
            steward (1) AGR. a person employed to manage
            a farm or a large estate. Syn. land agent. (2)
            SHIPG. & TRANSPT. a man who serves food
            and drink to passengers and attends to their
            comfort on a ship or plane. Fem. stewardess.
            (3) IND. REL. shop steward, see Separate entry.
            Stewardess SHIPG. & TRANSPT. a female steward
            on board a ship or plane.
            Stg. sterling.

            sticker (1) ADVTG. a printed advertisement in
            the form of a label that can be easily stuck
            where it can be seen by many, such as a window
            sticker. (2) COM. a small label, esp. one with a
            price written or stamped on it, stuck on goods
            sold in shops: Price sticker. (3) An airmail


                evince -p 492 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &


            |
            | sticker, a small printed label provided by the
            Post Office for sticking on airmail letters and

            ackets.
            ue (collog.) an armed robbery; a hold-up.

            | sticky COM. & STK. EXCH. of prices, moving very
            | little: tending to be unaffected by changes in
            market conditions.
            stiff of a price, a condition, unusually severe;
            excessive. He is demanding a stiff price for his
            fiat. I find your conditions unreasonably stiff. Cf.
            steep.
            | en Ng SHIPG. ballast or heavy cargo put into
            | the bottom of a ship to make her steady.
            sting COM. (colloqg.) with for (1) to charge a person
            too high a price for something: The jeweller
            stung him for £700 for a ring worth £300. (2) to
            cheat somebody: / was stung for £50 for this
            useless watch.
            stipend n. a salary, a fixed regular payment
            for services, esp. one paid to a magistrate,
            clergyman, or teacher.
            stipendiary adj. working for, receiving a sti-
            pend: A stipendiary magistrate, a qualified law-
            yer employed as a full-time magistrate, as
            opposed to unpaid Justices of the Peace.
            stk. stock.
            stock v. To stock something, to keep it usu. in
            stock; to be able to supply from stock, i.e.
            without having to get it specially. To be stocked,
            to have a stock: We are well stocked with coal.
            n. (1) AGR. livestock. See also dead stock (1)
            | (2) COM. & IND. a Store of goods for sale: We
            : have a large stock of men’s clothes. The company
            has too much money tied up in stock. Syn. (mainly
            U.S.A.) inventory. Abbr. stk.
            | to take stock to count it, see stocktaking.
            | (3) IND. a store of raw materials for use in
            | industry, esp. pl. Stocks of coal/chemicals/steel.
            buffer stock see separate entry.
            | closing stock see separate entry.
            | dead stock see separate entry.
            opening stock see separate entry.
            safety stock see buffer stock.
            | (4) STK. EXCH. in Britain, a portion of the
            capital of a company that has converted its
            fully-paid shares into units, usu. of £100 nomi-
            nal value. See capital stock below. (5) STK.
            EXCH. a portion of those debts of a company
            that consist of money lent to it. See loan stock
            | below; also debenture stock. (6) STK. EXCH. a
            ) fixed-interest security issued by the govern-
            | ment of a country or by a local government
            : authority. See gilt-edged stock; corporation
            stock below; also Treasury stock.
            assented stock a capital stock, the holders of
            which have assented (agreed) to give up their
            holding in return for a quantity of some other
            security. See takeover. Opp. non-assented
            stock.
            barometer stock see separate entry; also business
            barometer.

            iy
            a
            i

            a esas Snaetinest cide somal
            a

            stock - 481

            capital stock (a) the capital of a company that
            has been subscribed by its members. (5) in
            Britain, the capital of a company that has
            converted its shares into units, usu. of £100
            nominal value. The capital of a company must
            always first be issued in the form of shares,
            each of which has a nominal or face value that
            cannot be divided into smaller units. If all its
            shares are fully paid, a company may convert
            them into capital stock, which may be divided
            and sold in any smaller amounts, such as £25
            or £334 of stock. The capital stockholders have
            the right to be paid a dividend out of the net
            profits of the company.

            commercial stock see commercials.

            common stock in U.S.A., shares in the capital
            of a company which also give the holder the
            right to part-ownership of the assets of the
            company and to a share in the profits. Syn.
            (Britain) ordinary shares.

            corporation stock fixed-interest stock issued by
            British local government authorities, usu.
            repayable over a stated period after a fixed
            number of years. Syn. local government stock ;
            local authority stock.

            debenture stock see separate entry.

            dollar stock see dollar stocks.

            gilt-edged stock fixed-interest securities issued
            by the British Government. See gilt-edged
            securities.

            government stock loan stock for a fixed term of
            years at a fixed rate of interest issued and
            guaranteed by the central government of a
            country and therefore considered to be the
            safest possible form of investment. See gilt-
            edged securities. The rate of interest on govern-
            ment stock is often used as a measure of interest
            rates on other term deposits.

            growth stock see growth share or stock.
            guaranteed stock see guaranteed stocks.

            income stock see separate entry.

            industrial stock see industrials.

            inscribed stock in Britain, a form of government
            security for which no stock certificates are
            issued ; instead, a document called a certificate
            of inscription can be obtained, stating that the
            holder’s name has been inscribed (recorded) at
            the Bank of England, but this is not a certificate
            of title. Such stock is now rare.

            irredeemable stock see annuity bond under
            bond, 7.

            loan stock a portion of those debts of a company
            that consist of money lent to it as a simple
            loan, not secured on some part of the com-
            pany’s assets. Holders of loan stock receive a
            fixed rate of interest. If the company is wound
            up, the holders of loan stock have the right to
            be repaid before the holders of capital stock.
            Cf. debenture stock. Syn. unsecured stock; loan
            note.

            local government stock see corporation stock


                evince -p 493 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            482 - stock

            above.

            money stock (a) any gilt-edged or other fixed-

            interest security that is to be repaid ata fixed §

            date in the very near future. (b) the capital

            stock of a finance house, hire-purchase com

            pany, bank, insurance company, OF investment

            trust company, all of which are traders in
            money.

            motor stock see motors.

            non-assented stock a capital stock, the holders

            of which have not assented (agreed) to give up
            their holding in return for some other security,
            and prefer to receive payment in cash. ¢
            ordinary stock capital stock that has been con-
            verted from ordinary shares and therefore has
            a claim to receive a dividend out of the net
            profits of the company after the fixed dividends
            on any preference stock has been paid.
            participating preferred stock (U.S.A.) preferred
            stock, the holders of which have the right to a
            share in the profits if they exceed a certain
            figure.

            personal stock see registered stock below.
            preferred stock (U.S.A.) capital stock, the hold-
            ers of which have a right to be paid a dividend
            at a fixed rate before the holders of common
            (or ordinary) stock, and to be repaid out of the
            company’s assets before the common stock-
            holders if the company is wound up.

            prior preferred stock (U.S.A.) preferred stock,
            the holders of which have a first claim to
            payment of dividend or interest and to repay-
            ment of capital, before the claims of the pre-
            ferred and common stockholders.

            redeemable stock a fixed-interest security, such
            as a government, debenture or preference
            stock, that can be repaid at some stated time,
            called the redemption date, or at the wish of
            the issuing authority or company.
            registered stock stock registered in the name of
            the owner in the stock register of the company.
            Cf. bearer stock. Syn. personal stock.
            sleeper stock in U.S.A., common stock (ordi-
            nary shares) in smaller but less well known
            companies that are well managed and always
            make good profits but which are not important
            enough for large institutional investors to buy.
            tap stock (a) any stock that can always be
            bought in the market because there are always
            some sellers. (b) British government securities
            that are sold by various government depart-
            ments as soon as the market prices of the
            securities reach a certain level. They are called
            short taps if they are short-dated, i.e. repayable
            in less than 5 years; or medium taps if medium-
            dated, repayable in 5 to 15 years; or long taps
            if long-dated, repayable in more than 15 years.
            undated stock see annuity bond under bond, n.
            unified stock see consolidated bond under
            bond, n.

            unsecured stock see loan stock above.

            -

            se 6 hlU6UP

            kh

            (7) TRANSPT. railway vehicles. See hauling
            stock: rolling stock.
            stock book COM. & IND. a book in which, esp.
            in a small business, a continuous record is kept
            of the amount of stock held at any one time of
            each article or commodity dealt in by the
            business. The stock book will show details of
            the opening stock, stock received and issued
            and, at the end of an accounting period, the
            closing stock, In a larger business, the Block |
            book is replaced by stock cards or other re.
            cords, produced perh. by a computer.
            stockbreeder AGR. a farmer who breeds ana
            raises livestock.
            stockbroker see under broker.
            stockbroker’s clerk see authorized clerk.
            stock certificate STK. EXCH. a large document
            similar to a share certificate, issued by a com
            pany whose shares have been converted into
            stock, or which has issued debenture stock,
            declaring that the holder is the registered owner
            of a stated amount of stock in the company.
            See also stock certificate to bearer. Syn.
            (U.S.A.) stock warrant.
            stock certificate to bearer STK. EXCH. a stock
            certificate that does not record the name of the
            stockholder but gives the bearer the right to
            hold a stated amount of stock in the company
            or issuing authority. Ownership can be trans-
            ferred by simple delivery (passing on) of the
            certificate.
            stock check see check (4).
            stock cheque BKG. & STK. EXCH. the name given
            to a special kind of demand draft (bill of
            exchange) used by a stockbroker in one country
            as a means of paying for securities bought from
            a stockbroker in another country. Syn. stock
            draft.
            stock control see under control.
            stock dividend see under dividend.
            stock exchange STK. EXCH. an organized mar-
            ket where securities are bought and sold under
            fixed rules. In Britain the stock exchanges in
            London, Birmingham, Liverpool, Glasgow and
            Belfast form a single organization called The
            International Stock Exchange, governed by a
            council in London. In U.S.A. the New York
            Stock Exchange is the largest. There are in
            addition the American Stock Exchange, also
            in New York, and a number of regional ex-
            changes, see the following stock exchanges:
            Pacific (Los Angeles and San Francisco); Phi-
            ladelphia. There are also stock exchanges in:
            Boston, Chicago (the Midwest S.E.); Cincin-
            nati; Salt Lake City (the Intermountain S.E.)
            and Spokane. Abbr. S.E.; S/E. Syn. securities
            exchange.
            stock Exchange Compensation Fund see
            Compensation Fund.
            stock Exchange Daily Official List stk.
            EXCH. a list published in London by the Council
            of the Stock Exchange at the end of each

            r


                evince -p 494 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            day’s trading, giving details of price, etc. of all
            officially-quoted securities earlier that after-
            noon. Popularly called the Official List.
            Stock Exchange quotation see application
            for quotation. ; |
            stock fund see common stock fund under mutual
            fund. |
            stockholder sTK. EXCH. (1) a person who holds
            stock in a company, (esp. U.S.A.), (2) a share-
            holder.
            stockholder of record sTK. EXCH. (mainly
            U.S.A.) the person whose name is recorded in
            the share register of the issuing company as
            the true owner of a share or block of shares.
            stockholders’ equity see equity of a company.
            Stockholm Convention see European Free
            Trade Association.
            stock-in-trade COM. & IND. the stock of mer-
            chandise, i.e. goods intended for sale in the
            regular course of trade, held by a business at a
            given time. The value of the stock-in-trade at
            the end of the accounting year is included as
            an asset in the balance sheet. Syn. trading
            stock.
            stock, issue of see issue of securities.
            stockist CoM. in Britain, a dealer who, in return
            for an extra discount and perh. other special
            buying terms, contracts to keep stocks of a
            particular manufacturer’s products always at
            an agreed minimum level. Cf. distributor.
            stockjobber see under jobber.
            stock list see under list.
            stockman (1) AGR. a man employed to look
            after livestock on a farm or in a stockyard. (2)
            IND. in U.S.A., a stock-keeper or storeman, a
            man employed to look after stocks of goods.
            stock market (1) STK. EXCH. see under market.
            (2) AGR. & COM. a market where livestock are
            bought and sold.
            stock option see under option.
            stockout (U.S.A.) COM. & IND. the state of being
            out of stock, of having no stock, of a particular
            article, etc.
            stockpile n. (1) IND. a planned accumulation of
            stocks of raw materials, etc. made in expecta-
            tion of a future shortage or before an increase
            in production. (2) a planned accumulation by a
            government of stocks of strategic raw materials
            and food in case of war, called a strategic
            stockpile.
            v. to accumulate stocks for such a purpose.
            Syn. forward buying.
            stock, railway see hauling stock; rolling stock.
            stock receipt see certificate of inscription.
            stock-rooms see commercial sale rooms.
            stock savings bank see under savings bank.
            stock size CoM. & IND. (1) a size, esp. of clothing,
            that is regularly kept in stock by dealers: We
            sell only stock sizes. (2) the size of a person who
            can wear ready-made clothing without having
            it changed: She is a stock size.

            -stop-loss policy - 483

            Stocks, The sTK. EXCH. in Britain, a popular
            name for perpetual annuities, or that part of
            the national debt that consists of stocks which
            have no fixed date for redemption (repayment)
            but on which the government is bound to pay
            the interest for ever. Example: Consols. See
            funded debt under national debt.

            stocktaking MAN. & ACCTS. the business practice
            of listing, counting and checking every asset
            held in stock in a warehouse, store or shop.
            usu. at the end of each financial year. This
            stock list or inventory is used as the basis for
            the stock valuation. Syn. inventory. |
            continuous stocktaking in some large organi-
            zations, the practice of spreading the work of
            stocktaking continuously over the whole year
            instead of doing it all at the end of the year.
            Syn. perpetual inventory; continuous inven-

            tory.
            physical stocktaking a careful check by count-
            ing and measuring the actual quantity of all
            goods held in stock at a certain time, 4s
            opposed to theoretical figures reached by calcu-
            lation from the stock records. Syn. physical
            inventory.

            stock transfer see under transfer.

            stock-turn MAN & ACCTS. the ratio of the average
            value of stock held by a business to the annual
            sales turnover. If the value of the stock is
            £10,000, and if the turnover is £30,000, a ratio
            of 1:3, it means that on average at any one
            time the business has 4 of a year, or four
            months’ stock, in hand unsold. This ratio, or
            stock-turn, shows whether the business is over-
            stocking or is keeping too little stock. A fish-
            monger will tend to have a low stock-turn, e.g.
            1 :200 or lower, because he sells his entire stock

            ‘almost daily; but a publisher of books may

            have a stock-turn of 1:2 or higher, because he
            has to print his books in editions which may
            take many months to sell. Also stock turnover.

            stock valuation see under valuation.

            stock warrant see stock certificate.

            stockyard AGR. an enclosure for keeping cattle,
            sheep, pigs, etc. temporarily, usu. near a mar-
            ket or slaughter-house.

            stone a customary unit of weight used in Britain,
            of various values from 8 to 24 lb according to
            the thing weighed, e.g. of human beings and
            animals, 14 1b (6.3503 kg); of meat, Sugar and
            spices, 8 lb (3.6287 kg). P/. stone. He weighs
            I2 stone: 168 lb (76.2035 kg).

            stony-broke (collog.) see broke, adj.

            stop v. BKG. see countermand (1).
            n. TRANSPT. a place where public-service road
            vehicles stop regularly to set down and to pick
            up passengers:A bus/coach stop.

            stop loss STK. EXCH. a direction given to a
            stockbroker to sell a security if its market price
            falls below a stated value.

            stop-loss policy see under insurance policy.


                evince -p 495 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            484 - stop order
            eque under cheque.

            for a short time at a

            stop order see stopped ch
            My ticket

            } R. to stop
            stop over v. TOU! | |
            place while making a longer journey

            wr in Alexandria.
            allows me pe a : ae in Delhi.
            stopover 7. / WI. EL. a stopping of work in a
            stoppage (1) ee : e of a strike: There have
            ge bce ae ork in that steelworks this
            been five stoppages of we back by an
            year. (2) MAN. & accTs. money kept ba :
            employer from an employee's pay, usu. Lg COV
            agreed repayment of a loan. Syn. deduction
            m pay). :
            eu transitu LAW & COM. the right of
            a seller to stop, if he can, the delivery of goods
            while they are still in transit (in the course of
            being carried) if he hears that the buyer of the
            goods is unable to pay for them because he 1s
            insolvent.
            stop payment see stopped cheque under che-
            que.
            stopped cheque see under cheque.
            storage (1) the act of storing goods: We special-
            ize in the storage of furniture. (2) space for
            storing goods: They are looking for storage for
            their paper stocks. Fruit must be kept in cold
            storage. (3) a charge made for storing goods.
            Syn. warehousing.
            storage unit COMP. see memory.
            store CoM. (1) a shop where goods are kept for
            sale to consumers: A clothing/grocery/hardware/
            drug/general/store. (2) a large retail shop selling
            a wide variety of goods: A department(al)/
            chain-/co-operative store. (3) a wholesale shop
            selling goods to retailers: A cash-and-carry
            store. (4) COMP. any part of a computer system
            that can receive and hold information and can
            later retrieve it (find it again) and present it
            when needed. Syn. storage device; memory.
            v. to put information into a computer store.
            buffer store in a computer, a part for holding
            information for only a short time, esp. where
            one part of the computer system, e.g. a printer,
            can receive information more slowly than other
            parts.
            cash-and-carry store see cash and carry.
            chain-store see separate entry. —
            convenience store see convenience stores.
            department store a large retail shop with several
            or many departments, each having its own
            manager and staff and selling a different kind
            of goods, the whole being under a central
            control. Syn. departmental store.
            drive-in/drive-up store see drive-up store.
            drug store see drugstore.
            general store see separate entry.
            multiple store see chain-store.
            self-service store see self-service.
            Store, bill of see bill of store.
            “_ cattle aGr. cattle kept by a farmer for
            attening and for sale as meat. Cf. milch cattle.

            a person in charge of a store of
            sip alerts means a shopkeeper. Cf. storeman.
            storeman COM. a man employed in a store-room

            of a factory or shop, to receive and issue stores
            and to keep the stock 1n a clean and orderly
            te f. storekeeper.

            ‘ek mer malies of food, drink, etc. stored
            for use when needed. (2) in a factory or work-
            shop, a place where materials, tools, etc. are
            kept and issued when needed for use in pro-

            a store-room.
            Soeaes the stock of food, drink and other
            consumable goods needed by the passengers
            and crew of a ship during the voyage, and not
            part of the cargo. ©

            stores, bill of see bill of stores. —

            storyboard ADVTG. a diagramatic representa-
            tion of an advertisement in the form of a series
            of simple drawings showing the main elements
            of the advertisement. Storyboards are widely
            used in pre-testing advertisements. |

            stow SHIPG. to pack, arrange, cargo in the hold
            of a ship in a safe and economical manner.

            stowage SHIPG. (1) the act of stowing. (2) space
            for stowing goods. (3) the goods stowed. (4) the
            charge made, or wages paid, for stowing cargo.

            stowage plan SsHIPG. a carefully-prepared plan
            of a ship showing where each class of cargo is
            to be stowed.

            stowaway SHIPG. a person found hiding aboard
            a ship or plane to avoid paying the fare.

            Str., str. steamer; street.

            straddle sTK. & COMMOD. EXCH. (U.S.A.) a kind
            of double option that allows the price of the
            put and of the call to be the same, usu. the
            market price. Cf. spread. See double option
            under option. (Britain) a contract both to buy
            a commodity on a certain date and to sell it on
            another date.

            Straight of a person’s character, honest: truth-
            ful; to be safely trusted, esp. in business deal-
            ings. Opp. crooked.

            straight bill of lading see under bill of lading.

            straight life policy see whole-life policy under
            insurance policy.

            Straight line method (of depreciation) see
            under depreciation methods.

            Strait see channel (2). Abbr. St.

            Stranded TRANSPT. of travellers, left (a) without
            any means of transport; (b) without money to
            pay for the journey home. Abbr. strd.

            Stranding sHIPG. the driving of a ship on to
            the ground, where it is held (stranded) for a
            considerable time. Cf. grounding. Voluntary
            stranding, an act of stranding done for the

            purpose of saving a ship from sinking.
            Strap STK. & COMMOD. EXCH. (U.S.A.) a triple
            option consisting of two calls and one put at

            the same striking price in the same period and
            on the same stock. Cf. strip.


            a var

                evince -p 496 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &




            ee ee

            strapped (colloq.) having no money: He was

            ed for cash. |
            een analysis MAN. the analysis of the

            s which influence the success of an
            Ts This is usu. the first phase in the
            formulation of corporate strategy. pene

            strategic business unit MAN. that part alsa

            ~ business which is self-contained in terms of

            markets served or profit responsibility. In cor-

            porate planning strategic business units are
            often the elements of a business which are
            considered for investment. See also portfolio
            management. Abbr. S.B.U. |

            strategic fit MAN. the extent to which an organ-
            ization’s strategy is appropriate to its resources
            and capabilities.

            strategic planning see under planning.

            strategy MAN. a plan which decides how an
            organization will proceed in the future; it is
            usu. the responsibility of top management.
            business strategy a statement which sets out
            how a company intends to be successful in a
            given market (as opposed to strategies con-
            cerned about which markets to be in). Our
            business strategy is to offer superior after-sales
            service.
            corporate strategy a statement which sets out
            how a company intends to be successful. Our
            corporate strategy is to withdraw from our loss-
            making markets and increase our market share
            in our target sectors. The operation of any
            specific function 1n a business (e.g. production
            or marketing) is only effective so far as it
            contributes to this strategy.
            operating strategy a strategy concerned with a
            specific function within the business. This may
            involve such decisions as location of factories,
            pricing, advertising image, etc.

            strd. stranded.

            streamline MAN. to make simpler, less compli-
            cated, a system or process by getting rid of any
            part that offers resistance to speedy production,
            or that slows the flow of work.

            streetcar see tramcar under car.

            street dealings see after-hours dealings.

            street market see under market.

            street price see under price.

            Street, The (U.S.A.) a popular name for Wall
            Street in New York City, the main financial
            centre of the U.S.A. Cf. The City (of London).

            street-trader see hawker.

            Strict liability Law a citizen’s liability to pay
            damages to someone who is harmed by an
            accidental happening, even where there is no
            question of wrongful intention or of negligence
            by the person liable. Examples : damage caused
            by an escape of water or some other substance
            from a man-made storage container; damage
            done by animals escaping. Syn. absolute liab-
            ility. Cf. vicarious liability.

            Strike n. (1) IND. a discovery of gold, oil or other

            See ee Se

            string - 485

            mineral. (2) a stroke of luck: A lucky strike. (3)
            IND. REL. an organized refusal to work by a
            group of employees, usu. in an attempt to force
            their employer to give higher wages or better
            working conditions. Syn. industrial action;
            direct action; withdrawal of labour/services;
            walkout (U.S.A.). Cf. lock-out.

            general strike an official strike on a very large
            scale, with members of all or most of the trade
            unions obeying the call of their union not to
            work. Syn. (Indian subcontinent) bandh.
            jurisdictional strike (U.S.A.) a strike resulting
            from a disagreement between unions about
            who shall do certain kinds of work. Syn. (Brit-
            ain) demarcation strike. |
            lightning strike a strike of workers who stop
            work suddenly and without giving any warning
            or notice. Cf. wildcat strike.

            official strike one which takes place on the
            directions of a trade union. Cf. unofficial strike.
            sit-down strike one in which the employees
            come to their place of employment but refuse
            to do any work or to go home. Syn. sit-in strike.
            sympathetic strike a strike by a group of work-
            ers who are not in disagreement with their own
            employer(s) but are striking to give support to
            another group of workers who are going, or
            have gone, on strike. A/so sympathy strike.
            token strike a strike of workers that lasts only
            a few hours, usu. as a warning to the employer
            that more serious action may follow if the
            workers’ demands are not met.

            unofficial strike a strike of workers who stop
            work against or without the directions of their
            trade union. Cf. official strike. Syn. unauthori-
            zed strike.

            wildcat strike a strike of workers who stop in
            contravention of agreement and without being
            directed to strike by their trade union. Cf.
            lightning strike.

            v. to stop work; to go on strike.

            trike action IND. REL. another name for a
            strike, as opposed to the other forms of indus-
            trial action such as a go-slow, an overtime ban,
            or a work-to-rule.

            ‘trikebound sHIPG. & TRANSPT. unable to ope-
            rate a service or an organization because of a
            strike. The port is strikebound until tomorrow.

            ‘trikebreaker IND. REL. (1) an employee who
            refuses to obey the direction of his trade union
            to go on strike, and who continues to work for
            his employer. (2) a person who attempts to
            make a strike fail. Syn. blackleg; fink (U.S.A.):
            scab.

            trike pay IND. REL. an allowance that some
            trade unions pay to their members while they
            are on strike.

            triker IND. REL. an employee who strikes, goes
            on strike, against his employer.

            triking price see exercise price.

            tring see ring.



                evince -p 497 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            486 - stringent

            hin close limits. (1) FIN.

            ict, set wit :
            stringent stric Sa

            of money, scarce. (2) com. of market
            supply; lacking money.

            strip STK. & COMMOD. EXCH. (U.S.A.) a triple

            ; nsisting of two puts and one call at
            Sn iia en in the same period and
            he same stock. Cf. strap. | ;
            a see asset-stripping; dividend-strip-
            ping. .
            strips FIN. (abbr. for separate trading of regis-
            tered interest and principal of securities). In
            U.S.A., ten- and thirty-year bonds issued by
            the Treasury to institutions who then have
            them converted into bonds which bear no
            interest but are sold at a big discount, thus
            giving the buyer a capital gain when he sells.
            The original ten-year bond, for example, is
            divided into 21 parts: 20 half-yearly interest
            payments and one which is the principal; and
            each part can be traded (i.e. sold or bought) as
            a separate registered security.
            strong STK. EXCH. of market conditions, prices
            rising because the demand is great and supplies
            are lacking. Opp. weak.
            strong-room BKG. a room in a bank, safe-
            deposit company, etc. built of very strong fire-
            proof materials and fitted with special locks
            to prevent thieves from stealing the money,
            valuable documents, etc. stored in the room.
            structural analysis MAN. a technique used in
            corporate strategy whereby the structure of a
            whole industry is analysed in order to deter-
            mine the practical strategic options. See also
            industry structure.
            structural unemployment see under unem-
            ployment.
            stub see counterfoil.
            study see feasibility study; job analysis.
            Stuffing ADVTG. & ACCTS. the work of putting
            advertising or accounts material, called a
            stuffer, into envelopes for posting.
            stumer (collog.) (1) a dishonoured cheque. (2) a
            cheat.
            stump up (collog.) to pay money, usu. unwilling-
            ly.
            stunt ADVTG. a way of attracting public attention
            by means of an unusual show, or a show of
            great skill or daring, such as a plane writing a
            name or message in the sky with smoke.
            style LAw an officially-recognized name or title:
            A company trading under the style of John Baker
            Lid.
            sub. subscription; substitute: subvention; sub-
            sidy; sub-editor; submarine.
            sub- prefix, under: below: A sub-basement, one
            that has been built under another basement. A
            sub-branch, one that is under the management
            of a more important branch.
            Sub-agent MAN. a person who works for, is
            hii by, or represents, an agent.
            collog.) a sub-contractor.


            subbing (collog.) sub-editing. |
            subcommittee MAN. a small group of persons
            who are members of a committee and have
            been appointed to form a smaller committee
            to do some special part of the work of the main
            committee. Thus, the management committee
            of a society may appoint an entertainments
            subcommittee to look after detailed matters
            relating to the amusement of the society’s mem-
            bers generally. :
            subcontinent see under continent.
            sub-contract 7. LAW a contract in which one
            party, the sub-contractor, agrees to provide
            materials or services needed by the other party
            to perform another contract, to which the sub-
            contractor is not a party.
            yp. to sign, enter into, a sub-contract, either as
            the party giving it or accepting to perform it.
            sub-contracting see disintegration. |
            sub-contractor LAW a person who 1s one of
            the parties to a sub-contract. Syn. (colloq.)
            subber.
            sub-edit to correct, rewrite and generally pre-
            pare matter to be printed, esp. in a newspaper.
            Syn. (collog.) to sub.
            sub-editor an assistant editor. Abbr. sub.
            subject filing see under filing system.
            subject to (1) LAW dependent upon; on con-
            dition that: An offer subject to contract, one
            that is made or accepted in the course of
            negotiation; it does not become binding until
            a final contract is signed. In buying a house,
            an offer or acceptance may be subject to survey,
            i.e. binding only if a surveyor’s report is favour-
            able. (2) INSCE. Subject to average, a condition
            in many fire insurance policies, that if the
            insured value of the property is less than its
            real value, the insured person becomes his own
            insurer for the uninsured part of the real value.
            sub judice Law (Latin, under a judge) now in
            the course of being considered or tried in a
            court of law, and therefore a matter that is stil]
            not decided. In Britain and some other, esp.
            English-speaking, countries, nobody is allowed
            by law to publish any comment on a question
            that is sub judice, i.e. being tried in the courts.
            sub-lease see under-lease under lease.
            sub-lessor Law a tenant who sub-lets a property
            under a sub-lease to a sub-tenant. Also an
            under-lessor.
            sub-let Law to let property under a sub-lease to
            a sub-tenant. Also sublet. Syn. under-let.
            subliminal advertising ADvTG. a special
            method of advertising that causes a person to
            receive information about a product uncon-
            sciously ; this may take the form, e. g. of flashing
            a name or a picture on a screen for a small
            fraction of a second, too short a time for the
            viewer to be conscious of it, but long enough
            for his mind to receive and store it.
            Submarginal land Econ. & aGr. land that is so


            |
            |

                evince -p 498 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            — EE |

            Si

            roductive that it 1s not worth the labour
            and expense of cultivating it a current prices.
            it (1) to yield; to give way: We must submit
            subm! decision of the court. I submit to your
            ede To submit to arbitration. (2) to put for-
            a send, for consideration or decision by a
            person or persons in authority: He submitted a
            pa per/report/request/scheme/plan to the board.
            (3) to suggest; to argue: Counsel submitted that
            the accused was telling lies.
            submission 1. the act of submitting.
            sub-mortgage see under mortgage.
            sub-optimization MAN. a situation in which a
            particular unit of a business, such as a division
            or department, operates in a way that does not
            further the objectives of the organization as a
            whole.
            subordinate adj. of lower rank. Jones is
            employed in a subordinate position. Syn. inferior.
            Opp. chief; leading. nm. a person who has a
            lower rank, is of less importance (than others).
            A manager tells his subordinates what work they
            are to do. Syn. an inferior; an underling. Opp.
            chief; superior; leading.
            subpoena LAW (Latin, under penalty) an order
            by a court of law commanding a named person
            to attend the court to give evidence as a wit-
            ness. In a magistrates’ court it is called a
            witness summons.
            subrogation INSCE. & LAW the legal right of an
            insurer to receive any money obtained by the
            insured as a result of his making use of his
            rights against third parties; this reduces the
            cost of the loss to the insurer and prevents
            the insured from obtaining more than his full
            indemnity. Sometimes the conditions of the
            policy give the insurer the right to bring a legal
            action against a third party who is liable for
            any loss suffered by the insured.
            subscribe (1) LAW to sign one’s name, usu. at
            the end of a document, to show one’s agreement
            with it, or to promise to perform some act
            Stated in it. To subscribe (to) a Memorandum
            of Association. (2) COM. with to, to pay money
            for the right to receive regularly for a certain
            period a commodity, such as copies of a period-
            ical (magazine), or a service, such as the use
            of a telephone; or to enjoy membership of a
            club or society. (3) in the book trade, to promise
            in advance to buy a stated number of copies
            of a book when it is published. (4) to give
            money away: To subscribe to charities. (5) STK.
            EXCH. usu. with for, to apply for shares in a
            limited company: He subscribed for 1000 shares
            in a new issue. (6) INSCE. as an underwriter, to
            accept a stated share of the risk in an insurance
            contract in return for a share of the premium.
            subscribed Capital see under capital: also
            authorized Capital.
            Subscribed, fully see oversubscribed.
            Subscriber (1) a person who subscribes, e.g. to

            unp

            Ey —EE—————E———————————

            ubsistence Theory of Wages - 487

            a magazine, club or society, or who pays for
            the use of a telephone connection. (2) STK.
            EXCH. a person who has agreed to become one
            of the first members of a limited company
            by signing the company’s Memorandum of
            Association. See Declaration of Association.
            subscriber capital see subscribed capital under
            capital; authorized capital. |
            subscribers to the Memorandum see Dec-
            laration of Association.
            subscriber trunk dialling a telephone system
            that allows a subscriber to dial the number
            when making a trunk (long-distance) call,
            instead of asking an operator to do so. Abbr.
            S.T.D. |
            subscription an amount paid by a subscriber.
            Abbr. sub.
            subscription share see under share. )
            subshare STK. EXCH. a portion of a share in a
            foreign company. In Britain, a share cannot be
            divided.
            subsidiary ranking lower in importance than
            something else: Subsidiary earnings/income, less
            than, but extra to, what is received from a
            main source. Subsidiary occupation, one that 1s
            less important than one’s main job.
            subsidiary books of account see books of
            first entry.
            subsidiary company see under company.
            subsidize FIN. & ECON. to give a subsidy to a
            person or an organization.
            subsidy FIN. & ECON. money given by a govern-
            ment to certain producers, such as farmers, to
            help them to produce without loss to them-
            selves, and yet at a low price, goods and ser-
            vices needed by the public. Possible subsidies
            include food subsidies and housing subsidies,
            export subsidies to encourage foreign trade,
            and employment subsidies to prevent unem-
            ployment. Cf. subvention. Abbr. sub.
            subsistence ECON. (1) the bare cost of keeping
            alive. (2) a supply of goods that is just enough
            to cover the basic necessities of life, i.e. food,
            clothing and shelter.
            subsistence allowance MAN. money, usu. a
            fixed sum per day, paid to an employee over
            and above his wages or Salary to cover his
            living expenses, such as food and lodging, while
            he is away from home travelling for his
            employer. Syn. daily allowance: subsistence
            money.
            subsistence Crop AGR. one grown mainly for
            consumption by the farmer, as distinguished
            from one grown mainly for sale in order to
            bring in money. Cf. cash crop.
            subsistence farming cr. farming that prod-
            uces only enough crops, etc. to meet the needs
            of the farmer and his family, leaving little or
            nothing for him to sell, as opposed to commer-
            cial farming. Also subsistence agriculture.
            Subsistence Theory of Wages ECON. THEORY


                evince -p 499 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            488 - substance

            the early economists, rue
            -ocrats in the eighteenth century, that
            eis wages ae never higher than
            at a level just sufficient to allow the workers
            to exist; for if wages rose higher than this
            subsistence level, the population would in-
            crease, and by competing for work, would force
            wages down to below that level. This theory 1s
            not considered useful today. Syn. Iron Law
            of Wages; Minimum-of-Existence Theory of
            Wages. Ree
            substance (1) of paper, the weight in grams of
            a square metre, thus: 70 g.s.m. or /0 g/m? (2)
            wealth, property: A man of substance.
            substantial important; fairly large in quantity,
            size or value: Britain exports a substantial ton-
            nage of butter. A substantial sum of money. A
            substantial business.
            substantial damages see general damages
            under damages, n. pl.
            substantive law LAw that part of the law that
            relates to rights and duties, as opposed to
            adjective law, which deals with practice and
            procedure.
            substitute n. (1) a thing that replaces, or can
            be used in place of, something else: Margarine
            is a substitute for butter. Tea is a substitute for
            coffee. (2) a person who replaces, takes the
            place of, somebody else: A substitute driver.
            Abbr. sub.
            v. to replace a person or thing by another.
            substituted service see under service of pro-
            cess.
            substitute money see under money.
            substitution ECON. THEORY the act of substitut-
            ing one thing for another. See differentiation.
            substitution effect ECON. THEORY the effect
            on the behaviour of a consumer when the price
            of a particular good changes. If the price falls,
            and the prices of other, similar, goods used up
            till now by the consumer remain the same, the
            effect will be that he will substitute the cheaper
            goods for the now relatively dearer goods; he
            will rearrange his purchases to suit the new
            relative prices. Cf. income effect; price effect.
            substitution, elasticity of see under elasticity.
            Substitution, Law of ECON. THEORY the rule
            that in both production and consumption, the
            utility of the marginal unit is, in the long run,
            equal to its cost or price. The producer can
            choose in what ways he will combine the fac-
            tors of production, and he will use such an
            amount of each factor that the value of the
            marginal revenue on each of them will be equal
            to its price. If the value of the marginal revenue
            on one factor is greater than the price, he
            will benefit by substituting more of that factor
            (because it is more profitable) for some of
            the other less profitable factors. Similarly, the
            consumer will keep rearranging the things on
            which he spends his money, substituting one

            a view expressed by

            commodity for another so that, in the long run,
            the marginal utility of each of the commodities
            he buys will tend to equal its price. Syn. Law of
            Equi-Marginal Returns; Law of Diminishing
            Substitution.
            sub-subsidiary company see under company.
            sub-tenant LAW a tenant under a sub-lease, who
            rents property from a person who is himself a
            tenant of the landlord. |
            subtract to take one quantity from another; to
            take a smaller amount from a larger or from
            the whole amount: To calculate a net income,
            take the gross income and subtract income tax.
            Syn. to deduct. Opp. to add.
            sub-underwriting see underwrite (4).
            sub-unit FIN. a unit trust share-unit.
            suburb the outer areas of a town, where many
            of the people who work in the town have their
            homes. Adj. suburban.
            subvention FIN. & ECON. money given usu. by
            a private person or organization, but some-
            times by a government, to bring help or relief
            to a person or group of persons performing
            some activity that deserves support for the
            good of the public, esp. in education and the
            arts and sciences. Cf. subsidy. Abbr. sub.
            subway TRANSPT. (1) in U.S.A., an underground
            railway. (2) in Britain, an underground passage
            reserved for pedestrians (people walking)
            crossing a busy road.
            succession see intestate succession under intes-
            tate. Also see testate succession.
            succession planning MAN. the process of
            deciding who will be the next person to fill a
            particular job (e.g. managing director, chief
            accountant) and preparing them for the post
            in advance.
            successor MAN. (1) one who comes after, who
            follows somebody in time: Mr Black was a
            better manager than his successor, Mr White. Mr
            White is successor to Mr Black. (2) a new owner
            who has replaced a former owner of a business,
            information that is sometimes given in a shop
            sign, or a letterhead, or in an advertisement:
            John Jackson, Grocer, Successor to Thomas
            Brown. If the new owner is a firm, i.e. pi.:
            Jackson & Co., Grocers, Successors to Thomas
            Brown. Cf. predecessor.
            sucker (collog.) a foolish person who is easily
            deceived and cheated of his money.
            sue LAW to bring a lawsuit or other legal action
            against somebody in a civil court. To sue for
            the recovery of a debt/for non-payment of rent/for
            breach of contract/for infringement of copyright.
            Suez Canal sHIPG. a ship-canal, 100 miles (160
            km) long, across the isthmus of Suez between
            the Mediterranean Sea and the Red Sea.
            Suff. Suffolk, England.

            sufferance see bill of sufferance; baggage dec-
            laration.

            sufferance, tenant at see tenant at sufferance.


                evince -p 500 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            sufferance wharf see under wharf. :
            ~fficiency a stale of being, or having, enough:
            oa has a sufficiency of milk products. Egypt
            lacks a sufficiency ef paper.
            sufficient adj. enough.
            sugar (collog.) money. ws
            | suggested retail price see recommended retail
            price under price, if |
            suit LAW (1) the act of suing. (2) any civil action
            | in a court of law:A lawsutt.
            | suitcase a light box for travellers’ clothes, etc.
            : with locks and a handle for carrying. Syn.
            valise.
            | suite TOUR. in a hotel, a set of connected rooms
            | together forming a single unit, usu. consisting
            of a sitting/dining room, one or more bed-

            i i eee 3 Ee Fe = —

            — a —

            rooms, dressing room(s), etc. En suite (of rooms
            and furniture) in a set; forming a connected
            series.

            sultanate a country ruled by a sultan (Muslim
            ruler).

            sum (1) an amount, esp. of money. (2) a total of
            numbers added together. (3) a calculation.
            lump sum see separate entry.
            round sum see round.

            sum assured see sum insured.

            SUMED IND. a large oil pipeline connecting the

            | Gulf of Suez to the Mediterranean. Pron. Soo-

            | med.

            sum insured INSCE. the most that an insurer
            will have to pay or that an insured can claim,
            under an insurance contract. In life insurance,
            the amount of money that the insurance com-
            pany contracts to pay; the limit of the insurer’s

            liability. Syn. sum assured. Abbr. s.i.

            | Summary a short form of a longer document,
            giving only the important points: A summary
            (of a) report. See also accounting summary.
            Syn. précis.

            summary book aAcctTs. a simple form of cash
            book kept by clubs, societies and other non-

            ) profitmaking organizations, in which mem-

            bers’ subscriptions received, and amounts paid

            i ee = a

            ae

            _

            aN eat <

            ~ gare sepa

            . as expenses, are recorded. See club accounts.
            | summary dismissal IND. REL. & MAN. the act
            by an employer in putting an end to a person’s

            employment without giving any notice. In most
            countries the law allows an employer the right
            of summary dismissal only where the employee
            has been guilty of serious misconduct, or if he
            badly neglects his duty, or if he clearly has not
            the skill to do his job properly. Cf. constructive
            dismissal; wrongful dismissal.

            Summer Time see Daylight Saving Time under

            time. Abbr. S.T.

            } summons n. LAW (1) in Britain, an order made
            by a magistrates’ court commanding a named
            person to attend the court at a stated time and
            date. Pi, summonses. (2) in the High Court, a
            way of obtaining a decision on a matter of legal
            procedure from a judge in chambers before the

            —

            super income fund - 489

            trial itself begins.

            originating summons a way of starting legal
            proceedings where the facts are not disputed
            but there is a need for a decision on the mean-
            ing of a law, contract, will or other document.
            Cf. writ.

            to summon or to summons v. to issue or serve
            (deliver) a summons to a person to appear in
            court. To take out a summons, to apply for,
            cause, a summons to be issued.

            witness summons see subpoena.

            writ of summons see writ. |

            sumptuary law LAW a law or series of laws (a)
            putting limits on certain kinds of personal
            spending, e.g. on food, esp. in times of financial
            trouble; (6) forbidding the sale of certain com-
            modities in the interests of public health or
            morality.

            sumptuary tax see under tax. ,

            sundries (1) COM. & ACCTS. various small things
            collectively; sundry articles. (2) TRANSPT. vari-
            ous small consignments, such as parcels and
            bicycles, carried by freight trains.

            sundries account ACCTS. an account in the
            sales ledger or purchases ledger, or both, for
            recording dealings with occasional customers
            and suppliers for whom separate accounts are
            not necessary. A/so sundry account.

            sundries file see under file.

            sundriesman com. a trader who specializes
            in selling various small things required by a
            particular industry or occupation: An artist's
            sundriesman, one who sells paints, brushes, oils,
            and other materials needed by artists. A prin-
            ter’s sundriesman.

            sundry various.

            sundry debtor see under debtor.

            sunk costs see fixed costs under costs.

            sunrise industry IND. a new industry which
            usu. starts because of technological change,
            e.g. the microcomputer industry.

            sunspot theory see trade cycle theories under
            cycle.

            Superannuate MAN. to let or make an employee
            retire from service and then receive a pension:
            to pension off.

            superannuation MAN. (1) the state or condition
            of being superannuated. (2) the pension or
            other payment received by a person who has
            been superannuated.

            superannuation fund see pension fund.

            supercargo SHIPG. an officer on a merchant ship
            who is responsible for the safety of the cargo
            being transported and for the general profita-
            bility of the voyage.

            supercomputer see under computer.

            superhighway (U.S.A.) in Britain, a motor-
            way. Syn. (U.S.A.) expressway; freeway.

            super income fund see high-yielding fund
            under mutual fund.



                evince -p 501 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            490 - superintend

            superintend to direct the work of others, to
            manage the operation of an organization. .
            superintendent (1) MAN. a person who our
            tends: one who is placed in charge a eeuer
            persons, esp. a group of workers. (2) SHIPG. .
            person paid by the owners of a ship to direct
            the work of repairing it. Marine superintendent,
            an official responsible for the management o!
            a shipping company’s business at @ large port
            or group of ports. | |
            supermarket COM. a self-service shop or store
            selling a wide variety of goods that are in much
            demand by consumers, esp. food and drink,
            and household cleaning and other materials.
            Cf. hypermarket; superstore.
            supernormal profit see monopoly profit under
            profit.
            supernumerary income see discretionary
            income under income.
            super-profit see under profit.
            superscription the part of a business letter that
            consists of the name and address of the person
            or organization to whom the letter is being
            sent.
            superstore CoM. a large supermarket.
            supertanker SHIPG. a very large tanker (ship
            for carrying liquids in bulk. esp. oil).
            supertax see under tax.
            supervise to have the responsibility for seeing
            that the work of others is properly done.
            supervision MAN. (1) the act of supervising. (2)
            the condition of being supervised: Mistakes
            are usu. due to bad supervision. This employee
            can be trusted to work without supervision.
            supervisor MAN. a person who supervises, esp.
            one who is given some authority, such as a
            telephone supervisor, who is in charge of a
            number of operators.
            supplementary added; extra; additional.
            supplementary benefit INSCE. in Britain, an
            extra amount of money paid weekly by the
            State under the national insurance scheme to
            bring unemployment benefit up to a standard
            level related to the current cost of living.
            supplementary costs see fixed costs under
            costs.
            supplementary invoice see under invoice.
            supplementary pension INSCE. in Britain, an
            extra amount of money paid weekly by the
            State under the national insurance scheme to
            bring a widow’s pension or a retirement pen-
            sion up to a standard level related to the current
            cost of living. The amount paid depends on
            the person’s income and his/her rent and rates
            and, in some cases, the cost of heating his/her
            home.
            supplement, family income INSCE. in Brit-
            ain, under the national insurance scheme, an
            extra amount, paid as a weekly allowance by
            the State, to any worker whose income is less
            than a standard amount related to the number

            of children in his family and to the current cost
            of living. Abbr. F.1L.S. |

            supplier COM. & IND. a person or organization
            who supplies goods, esp. regularly and for pay-
            ment: A publisher's main suppliers are Paper
            merchants, printers and binders. Syn. (U.S.A)
            vendor.

            supplier concentration MAN. the concentra.
            tion in relatively few hands of the supplies to
            an industry, e.g. the supply of diamonds to the
            jewellery industry is traditionally concentrated.

            supplier credit see trade credit under credit (4)

            supplier power MAN. a situation in which an
            industry’s suppliers have a high level of bar-
            gaining power; possible causes include supplier
            concentration, when switching costs are high,
            or when the industry is resource dependent.
            See also resource dependence; switching costs.

            supplier’s monopoly see commercial mo-
            nopoly under monopoly.

            supply ECON. THEORY the amount of an eco-
            nomic good that will be offered for sale in the
            market at a certain price and time; or at each
            of a series or range of prices at a certain time.
            Normally, the higher the price, the greater the
            supply, except where the supply is fixed or is
            regressive, see below.
            aggregate supply the total supply of all goods
            and services coming on to the market at a
            given time. See aggregate supply curve under
            ageregate demand and supply curves; also
            aggregate supply price.
            competitive supply the situation where the fac-
            tors of production, esp. land and labour, are
            limited, and where producers of two or more
            commodities are competing for the use of those
            factors. If more of the factors are used for one
            commodity there will be less for the other or
            others, and the supply of these will fall.
            complementary supply the supply of two or
            more commodities that are the result of the
            Same production process, such as corn and
            straw, mutton and wool, where one commodity
            cannot be produced without producing the
            other. Cf. by-product. Syn. joint supply.
            composite supply (a) the total supply of a com-
            modity that comes from two or more sources or
            processes, such as natural rubber and artificial
            (synthetic) rubber, beet-sugar and cane-sugar.
            (6) the total supply of two or more commodities
            that can satisfy one kind of demand, such as
            butter and margarine, apples and pears, etc.,
            1.€. goods that are near substitutes for each
            other.
            excess supply a situation in which, at a certain
            price, the amount of a particular product
            demanded by buyers is less than the amount
            supplied by the industry. If the price is a full-
            cost price, i.e. one that includes a satisfactory
            profit, producers may reduce the price tempo-
            rarily to encourage demand while they arrange


                evince -p 502 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            ane eam

            ‘o reduce their output; but in the sony Avan
            rice is likely to return to and stay at the fu
            oe level, with the output just high enough a
            satisfy the demand. But see also Say’s Law o
            Markets under Say, J ean-Baptiste. rt
            fixed supply a situation in which, in the short
            run, an increase in price will not result in an
            increase in supply because stocks have all been
            sold and output cannot immediately be

            increased.

            joint supply see complementary supply above.
            regressive supply an unusual situation in which
            a fall in the market price results in an increase
            in the supply coming on to the market; for
            example, frightened farmers may sell their
            stocks rather than risk a further fall in price.
            Similarly, a rise in the price may result in a
            reduced supply, as in the labour market when
            an increase in wages sometimes results in a
            reduction in the supply of labour because some
            workers decide not to work so hard.

            Supply and Demand, Laws of ECON. THEORY
            the natural tendencies that normally cause sup-
            ply and demand to vary with price, and price
            to vary with supply and demand. Stated very
            simply, these tendencies are: (a) if, at a given
            price, supply exceeds demand, the price tends
            to fall, and if demand exceeds supply, the price
            tends to rise; (b) an increase in price tends to
            reduce demand and to increase supply, and a
            fall in price tends to increase demand and to
            reduce supply; (c) a state of market equilibrium
            (balance) will tend to be reached, in which the
            supply equals the demand at an equilibrium
            price. There are a number of exceptions, but
            these happen usu. in the short run.

            supply, elasticity of see under elasticity.

            supply price see under price.

            supply services see under services.

            supply-side economics ECON. THEORY the
            idea, first put forward in the U.S.A. during the
            political campaign of 1980, that large reduc-
            tions in taxes on personal incomes and business
            profits will result in a great increase in indus-
            trial investment in producer’s goods, not in
            demand for consumer’s goods and services:
            and that it is this investment that is the real
            driving force behind the economy. Many mod-
            ern economists, including some Keynesians,
            support the theory, pointing out that the econ-
            omic system must work better because the
            resulting higher incomes for all will lead to
            Increased savings and further investment,
            improved capital formation, a broader tax
            base, and more research and development.
            Supporters of this theory are called supply-
            siders, Opp. demand-side.

            support (1) sTK. EXCH. willingness to buy: News-
            paper shares found support, there were many
            buyers for these shares. (2) FIN. official buying
            of a currency to keep its rate of exchange from

            surplus - 491

            falling: There were signs of support for the pound.
            See official support.

            support price see under price; also Common
            Agricultural Policy.

            suppress (1) to cause to discontinue; to bring to
            an end: The bus/rail service has been suppressed,
            stopped, discontinued. What can we do to sup-
            press competition ?, how can we get rid of, over-
            come it. (2) To suppress a document/report/plan,
            to prevent it from being published. (3) to hold
            back; to control: To suppress inflation, see sup-
            pressed inflation under inflation.

            supra protest see payment supra protest; also
            acceptance supra protest under acceptance.
            Abbr. S.P.

            Supreme Court LAW in U.S.A., the highest
            court in the federal judicial system, the last
            court of appeal, and the court that decides
            questions relating to the constitution.

            Supreme Court of Judicature LAw in Brit-
            ain, the highest court for civil cases next below
            the House of Lords. It consists of the High
            Court of Justice and the Court of Appeal.

            surcharge n. (1) TAXN. an extra charge, over and
            above another charge. See investment income
            surcharge; import surcharge. (2) ACCTS. & MAN.
            to make a person who has spent public money,
            or his company’s money, without proper au-
            thority become personally liable to repay it.

            surety LAW & BKG. a guarantor. Syn. (Scotland)
            a cautioner.

            surety bond see under bond, n.

            suretyship see guaranty.

            surface mail see under mail.

            surface transport see transport.

            surf port see barge port under port.

            surge to move strongly upwards and forwards
            like a big wave. The dollar surged, rose strongly
            in value. Sales of the cars are surging, rising
            rapidly owing to a wave of buying.

            Surgeon a doctor who specializes in treating
            disease and injury by operating on the body.
            Cf. family doctor or general practitioner.

            Surgery (1) the art and practice of a Surgeon.
            o metenlaa nareseteescees

            y a family doctor or dental
            Surgeon. Cf. consulting room(s).

            surname a person’s family name, as opposed to
            his Christian or first name. For example, Mr
            John Smith’s surname or family name is Smith:
            John is his Christian or first name.

            Eee at
            an amount over a Calihan
            Siburati ut ieee above what is demanded:

            | | utter. (3) INSCE. the amount
            by which an insurer’s assets exceed his liabilit-
            les. (4) ACCTS. the net worth of a business. (5)
            the excess of income over expenditure. (6) in
            the British nationalized industries, the equiva-
            lent of profit.

            budget surplus see surplus budget under budget. Z




                evince -p 503 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            492 - surplus capacity

            consumer’s surplus see separate entry. ”
            ’s surplus see producer's surp us ois

            ae care a favourable balance of pay

            exte

            ments.

            producer's surplu
            surplus capacity Se as
            surplus lines insurer see

            under insurer. ns
            surplus profit see super-profit under profit.

            value see consumer’s surplus. |
            anne INSCE. the act of giving up, of discon
            tinuing a policy of insurance before it has rur
            its agreed time.
            surrender value in life insurance, the amoun
            of cash which a policy holder will receive if he
            surrenders his policy to the insurance company
            for cancellation. The amount will usu. be equa
            to, or less than, the total of the premiums he
            has paid. Syn. cash surrender (value); loar
            value. Abbr. s.v.
            surrender rule BKG. & FIN. a rule of the British
            government exchange control, no longer in
            force, that investors who sold foreign securities
            that were bought with investment currency
            with a dollar premium must exchange 25% of
            the sale proceeds into sterling at the official
            rate. The investors thus had to surrender, or
            give up, and lose, part of the dollar premium.
            surtax see under tax.
            survey (1) a general viewing and description of
            the whole of a system or organization: An
            economic survey of British industry/world trade.
            (2) the work of collecting information about
            the people’s tastes and opinions from a sample
            of the population in order to plan how to
            advertise, distribute and sell a product: A
            market/opinion survey. (3) a close examination
            and detailed report on the condition of a par-
            ticular thing such as a ship, plane, cargo, mine,
            factory: A special survey, of a ship, every four
            years, see below. (4) the measurement of the
            shape of the earth’s surface and the preparation
            of maps and plans of areas of land: A geodetic/
            aerial/cadastral survey. (5) an official organiza-
            tion responsible for making and publishing
            a country’s maps: The Ordnance Survey. The
            Survey of India.
            aerial or air survey the making of maps of areas
            of the earth’s surface from photographs taken
            from a plane flying at a great height. Aerial
            Surveys are used in some countries to show
            how land is being used, what crops are being
            grown, the extent of floods, etc.
            cadastral survey a survey that records in the
            form of a map, or set of maps, the boundaries
            and ownership of land.
            consumer survey see consumer research under
            research.

            geodetic survey the measurement and mapping
            of large areas of the earth’s surface.
            geophysical survey see geophysical Surveying.

            s see separate entry.
            e capacity (1). |
            admitted insure



            marine insurance survey an examination and
            report on the condition of a ship’s cargo by a
            surveyor, made at the insurer’s request, to
            decide liability if a claim is made under the
            insurance contract. See special survey below.
            market survey see market research.
            Ordnance Survey see separate entry. |
            readership survey a survey using a sample o
            the population to find out what newspapers
            and magazines are most read by different age
            groups, occupations and income groups. |
            special survey a complete and detailed exami-
            nation of the condition of a ship. British ships
            have to receive such a survey every four years
            by Lloyd’s surveyors. The class of the ship for
            insurance purposes is based on the results of
            this survey. |
            surveying see geophysical surveying. :
            surveyor (1) a supervisor, a person placed in
            charge and given responsibility for seeing that
            work is properly done, such as a surveyor of
            customs. (2) a person with special skill and
            knowledge and employed to make close exam-
            inations of things such as ships and their car-
            goes, planes, buildings and industrial
            machinery and to report on their condition : A
            ship/insurance surveyor. (3) a person skilled in
            measuring land and in making maps and plans
            A land/cartographic surveyor.
            chartered surveyor in Britain, a member of
            the Royal Institute of Chartered Surveyors; a
            person highly trained and skilled in surveying.
            customs surveyor see surveyor of customs.
            insurance surveyor in fire and _ accident
            insurance, a person with special knowledge
            employed by an insurance company to examine
            and report on a proposed risk.
            Lloyd’s surveyor see separate entry.

            surveyor of customs TAXN. the officer in
            charge of a custom house or customs ware- —
            house.

            surveyor's chain see chain.

            Surveyor’s measure a measure of land: | link
            = 7.92 in. or 20.117 cm. See table on page
            543.

            Survivor policy see contingent or survivorship
            policy under insurance policy.

            Survivorship annuity see
            icy.

            Survivorship,
            ship.

            suspected bill of health sce under bill of
            health.

            suspense account Accts
            that is brought into
            ary, to which are p
            needed to correct
            balance agree: or
            deals which are a

            deals are said to be
            State.

            under insurance pol-

            right of see right of survivor-

            TS. a temporary account
            existence whenever necess-
            osted e.g. balances that are
            a mistake or make the trial
            in which can be recorded
            { present undecided. Such
            in suspense, in an undecided


                evince -p 504 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            " a t ; — i o
            - ae’
            - ated er = i
            —_



            the act of seehines a a
            ‘ng out regular activity (€.g. wort
            — specific period of time. 7Zhis employee is
            on suspension for a month for bad ee
            sustainable non-inflationary growtn see
            economic growth. Addr. S.N.I.G.
            s.v. sailing vessel, surrender value.
            h-West.
            ie ECON. HIST. made in India, as dis-
            tinguished from foreign or imported. A move-
            ment started in Bengal in 1905 to encourage
            the sale and use of home-made goods as part
            of the fight for home rule. |
            swag (collog.) stolen property; goods stolen in
            robbery.
            swag-shop (a) a shop in which stolen goods are
            sold. (6) a shop selling cheap goods of low
            quality.
            swap see swop.
            swaps market FIN. started in London in 1982,
            a market in which borrowers arrange with each
            other to swap (i.e. exchange) debts by agreeing
            to honour each other’s interest and capital
            payments. Both parties gain by having their
            debts become more liquid, i.e. more easily
            repaid or replaced by taking advantage of
            day-to-day changes in e.g. the market rate of
            interest (interest swaps) and foreign exchange
            rates (currency swaps).
            swatch CoM. & IND. a sample or collection of
            samples, esp. of cloth. P/. swatches.
            sweat MAN. & FIN. a term used in takeover
            battles to describe how a company’s assets can
            be made more productive under new owner-
            ship. We can sweat this company up to double
            its current profits.
            sweated labour IND. REL. (1) industrial wor-
            kers who work very long hours in bad con-
            ditions for very low wages (in a place called a
            sweatshop). (2) any group of workers whose
            employers take advantage of their lack of col-
            lective bargaining-power.
            sweating see debasement of coinage.
            sweep see sweepstake.
            sweep account see under bank account.
            sweepstake a form of lottery in which the
            prize-winners are decided partly by chance and
            partly by the results of a sporting event such
            as a horse-race. Colloq. sweep.
            sweeten (1) to increase the security for a loan.
            (2) to bribe. Thus sweetener, (mainly U.S.A.
            colloqg.) a bribe.
            S.W.I.F.T. Society for Worldwide Inter-Bank
            Financial Telecommunications.
            swindle to defraud; to cheat. Also n. a decep-
            tion.
            swindler a person who obtains money or goods
            Py deceiving people. Syn. cheat; fraud; trick-
            ster.
            Swing producer IND. in a cartel, the most
            active producer, esp. the one who changes his

            suspension MAN.


            syndicate - 493

            output up or down the most, in order to help
            all members of the cartel to have a more evenly-
            balanced economy. For example, in the OPEC
            cartel, Saudi Arabia has been the swing pro-
            ducer, having adjusted (changed) its output up
            or down to bring about a steadier economy in
            the other member countries.

            switchboard part of the apparatus of a tele- |
            phone system that consists of a board on which
            are fixed many switches for connecting tele-
            phone lines. A manual switchboard is one con-
            trolled by hand by a telephone operator, there
            are also automatic switchboards.

            switching (1) STK. EXCH. to go longer, see longer.
            (2) to change one’s investments from one class
            of security to another, such as from fixed-
            interest securities to equity shares.

            switching costs FIN. & MAN. the costs of
            switching from one supplier to another. These
            may be high if equipment (e.g. machinery or
            computers) will only work in one way and
            would not operate properly with a different
            supplier source. See supplier power.

            switch-selling see bait-and-switch.

            switch-trading see barter. }

            swiz (collog.) a cheat. Also an act of deception,
            a swindle.

            swop (1) CoM. to barter; to accept a commodity
            as payment for another instead of money. A/so
            swap; scorse. (2) FIN. to exchange one foreign
            currency for another foreign currency. (3) STK.
            EXCH. to exchange one security for another.
            See swaps market.

            SWOT analysis MAN. the analysis of the
            Strengths and Weaknesses of an organization
            and the Opportunities and Threats facing it.
            See strategic analysis.

            SX Sundays excepted.

            Sx. Sussex, England.

            Sy. Surrey, England; supply.

            S.Y. steam yacht.

            Syd. Sydney, Australia.

            symbol groups com. associations of indepen-
            dent retailers who, to compete with the large
            buying power of the supermarket or chain
            operators, form a buying co-operative to enable
            them to buy in bulk at cheaper rates. The
            products are then sold in a variety of indepen-
            dent shops under a single brand name or ‘sym-
            bol’. Syn. voluntary chains; voluntary groups.

            sympathetic strike see under strike.

            Symposium MAN. a group of persons meeting
            to discuss a subject of common interest.

            syndic a per son appointed by an organization
            such aS a university to manage its business
            affairs.

            syndicalism ECON. & IND. a proposed economic
            system not unlike communism, under which
            the workers, grouped into trade unions, would
            control and manage all industry.

            Syndicate (1) MAN. an association or joint ven-


                evince -p 505 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            494 - syndicated loan

            ture in which several business concerns ae
            their special knowledge and influence, are oo:
            operate in some particular way, such as p en
            a new issue of shares, or planning the Channe
            int selling organization.

            2) COM. a Jol
            ee e) Saas group of Lloyd’s under-
            writers working together as a unit, but each
            bearing personal responsibility for any liability
            which he accepts. Each syndicate tends to deal
            only in one particular class of insurance, other
            than life insurance. According to Lloyd’s rules
            all premiums received are paid into a trust fund
            out of which claims are settled. See Lloyd’s;
            Lloyd’s underwriter; marine syndicate.

            syndicated loan see under loan. |

            synonym a word having the same meaning as
            another. Another name for something. Opp.
            antonym. Addr. Syn.

            syntax COMP. the exact structure of a program-
            ming instruction, 1.e. the computer’s grammar.
            If an instruction is entered incorrectly, the
            computer will often send back the message
            ‘incorrect syntax’.

            system, monetary see monetary system.

            Systems MAN. the way in which an organization
            manages its own internal procedures, e.g.
            reporting relationships, checking staff per-
            formance, etc.

            systems analyst (1) CoMP. a person with spe-
            cial skill and knowledge of computers, who is
            employed to manage the work of planning and
            installing a computer system in an office or
            factory, and to supervise the work of the pro-
            grammers and other persons operating the sys-
            tem. Syn. computer analyst. (2) someone who
            applies techniques such as operational research
            and mathematical models to the problem of
            balancing costs and benefits in places where
            market analysis cannot be used, e.g. in public
            services such as hospitals.

            SZ. SIZe.

            J tropical loading (on load-line).

            T., t. ton(s); tare.

            T.A. travelling allowance; temporary admission.

            tab (U.S.A. collog.) a bill, usu. for drinks or a
            meal: To pick up the tab, to be the person who
            pays the bill for drinks, meals etc. taken by a
            party of person. Mr. Smith picked up the tab,
            he paid for everyone’s drinks etc.

            TAB on a typewriter, see tabulator.

            Table A LAw & STK. EXCH. in Britain, a model
            set of Articles of Association included in the
            Companies Act 1948, for a company limited
            by shares. Most companies adopt these model
            Articles, but with changes. See Articles of
            Association.

            table of organization see organization char
            under chart. Abbr. T.O.
            tabulating machine ACCTS. & MAN. a machine
            that prepares tabulations from a mass of data
            fed into it in the form of punched cards. Such
            machines have been largely replaced by elec.
            tronic computers.
            tabulation MAN. & ACCTS. (1) an orderly ang
            systematic presentation of numerical data jp
            such a form as to make clear a particulary
            problem. (2) any table of figures for recording
            and comparing information: A tabulation state-
            ment.
            tabulator on a typewriter, a key marked TAB
            which, when pressed and held down, allows
            the carriage to move to a desired position. The
            tabulator is much used for typing tables of
            figures. See tabulation.
            tachograph TRANSPT. an instrument, fitted to a
            road or rail vehicle, that records, on a paper
            marked with a time-scale, the starts, stops,
            speeds and distances travelled during a particu-
            lar day or week or on a particular journey. Syn.
            tachometer.
            tachometer see tachograph.
            tack LAw in Scotland, a lease or tenancy of land.
            tackle sHIPG. (1) any system of ropes and pulleys
            for working a ship, esp. for lifting or lowering
            anchors, loads of cargo, etc. (2) any machinery
            for doing this. See apparel and tackle; appur-
            tenances.
            tael FIN. (1) a Chinese unit of weight: 1.33 oz.
            avoirdupois = 37.6 g. (2) the value of this
            weight of silver, formerly much used in the Far
            East as a money of account. Pron. tail.
            tag a label, esp. one showing a price: A price-
            tag.
            tailor-made IND. any product or service design-
            ed or manufactured to a particular customer’s
            specifications. Cf. off-the-shelf.
            take (U.S.A. colloqg.) money received, esp. in
            trading. The business recorded a bigger take last
            month. See also tax-take. Syn. takings.
            take-home foods com. foods sold freshly
            cooked and packed, ready for the customer to
            take away to eat in his home. Cf. in-hand
            foods. Syn. take-away foods.
            take-home pay FIN. the amount of money that
            a worker actually receives from his employer;
            the sum that is left out of the worker’s total
            pay after deductions have been made for
            income tax, state insurance contributions,
            union dues, etc.

            take in (1) to give shelter or accommodation to:
            To take in lodgers. (2) to deceive; to cheat: /
            was taken in by his clever salesmanship. (3) STK.
            EXCH. to charge backwardation. Cf. give on.
            N. taker in.

            takers in p/. brokers who borrow stock from
            other brokers. Cf. givers on.

            take over (1) to accept responsibility for: He


                evince -p 506 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &


            (2) to gain control of: To
            take over a company/business.

            took over my debts.

            over STK. EXCH. the act or process of gaining
            pao of a company by making its share-
            holders a general offer, called a takeover bid,
            usu. with a time-limit for acceptance, to buy,
            at a stated price that is higher than the market
            price, all the shares, or at least enough of them
            to give a controlling interest in the company.
            1f the holders of 90% of the shares accept, the
            bidding company has the legal right to buy the
            -emaining 10% at the same price. In most
            countries the authorities keep strict control of
            takeovers to protect the interests of share-
            holders. In Britain all takeovers must be
            according to rules in The City Code on Take-
            overs and Mergers, and the Takeover Panel
            of the London Stock Exchange watches and
            advises on the application of the Code. Also
            take-over.
            creeping takeover (collog.) slowly and quietly
            buying up the shares of a company from vari-
            ous individual shareholders until enough have
            been collected to gain control of it. Syn. ware-
            housing. The approved way to gain control 1s
            by tender offer to all the shareholders to buy
            all or a stated number of shares at a stated
            ‘offer price’ within a fixed time.
            hostile takeover one which is made without
            the agreement and against the wishes of the
            company being taken over. Syn. unfriendly
            takeover.
            inverted takeover see reverse takeover below.
            reverse takeover one in which the managers of
            the company taken over become the manage-
            ment of the united company. Syn. inverted
            takeover.
            unfriendly takeover see hostile takeover above.

            taker (of an option) see option (1).

            take up see retire (1).

            takings p/. com. the cash received, esp. in a
            shop, post office, etc.: The day's takings, the
            total of the cash taken, i.e. received from sales,
            during the day. Syn. (collog.) take.

            tale CoM. a number, as opposed to a quantity
            expressed by weight or volume. To reckon live-
            stock by tale, to express the quantity by the
            number of animals, not by their weight.

            tale quale see tel quel rate under exchange rate.
            Pron. tahli kwahli.

            Talisman sTK. EXCH. in the London Stock Ex-
            change, a centralized system for settling
            amounts due by members to each other, by
            which sellers transfer stock to a Stock Ex-
            change nominee company called Sepon, and
            from this central pool buyers in turn receive
            their stock. Sepon keeps separate accounts for
            each member.

            tally n. sHIPG. a list of goods loaded or unloaded
            as cargo. Syn. cargo list.

            v. to agree with; to be correct according to:

            t

            ate


            tap issue - 495

            Your list tallies with mine. These figures do not
            tally, do not agree with each other.
            allyclerk SHIPG. a person employed to check
            cargo being loaded or unloaded against a tally
            or cargo list.
            allyman com. a shopkeeper or travelling trader
            who sells goods, usu. cheap or of poor quality,
            and accepts payment by instalments. Fem. tal-
            lywoman.
            ally-roll acctTs. the rolled strip of paper on
            which an adding machine records each entry
            separately and the total value at the end.
            allyshop com. a shop kept by a tallyman. —
            ally trade com. (collog.) the system of trading
            adopted by tallymen and tallyshops, accepting
            payment by instalments. :
            alon sTK. EXCH. a printed slip, issued with
            certain bearer bonds, that the holder of the
            bond can exchange for a new sheet of coupons
            when the earlier coupons have been used up.
            ampering with the market STK. EXCH. ope-
            rations by dealers aimed at affecting the course
            of market prices, resulting in more frequent
            and more violent swings upwards and down-
            wards than would otherwise take place.
            angible assets see under assets.
            angible net worth see under net worth.
            angibles (1) tangible assets, see under assets.
            (2) valuable goods such as gold coins and bars,
            precious stones, works of art, etc. bought and
            held by the owner as an investment.
            ank a large container for water, fuel or other
            liquids.
            anker (1) SHIPG. a ship specially planned and
            built to carry liquid cargo in bulk, i.e. in large
            storage tanks. Most of the world’s tankers are
            used for carrying petroleum products but some
            special tankers carry wine, sugar products, and
            liquid gases. (2) TRANSPT. a vehicle specially
            planned and built to carry liquids in bulk by
            road or rail: A petrol tanker.
            tape nm. (1) a narrow ribbon. (2) a message
            recorded on magnetic tape.
            magnetic tape plastic or metal tape coated with
            a substance such as iron oxide that is affected
            by magnetism, used in a tape recorder to record
            sounds, or to store information in binary form
            in a computer.
            red tape (a) pink or red cotton tape formerly
            used by clerks in government offices for tying
            bundles of documents. (b) (collog.) excessive
            formality and paperwork.
            v. to record a message or computer-information
            on magnetic tape.
            tape recorder an instrument for recording
            sound or computer-information on magnetic
            tape.
            tap issue FIN. a special issue of government bills
            or securities direct to a government organi-
            zation, such as the Bank of England, without



                evince -p 507 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            496 - tap stock
            Sn oe a 4
            the money market or the Stock
            using j

            ange. eye
            peak see under i ee Tar; jack tar.
            tar (colloq.) a unladen weight of a lorry |
            tare (1) TRANS! Ts ns his weight is usu. painted
            or railway Ne als so that the weight of
            on the side . open weighing the vehicle
            iene ee han deducting the tare. myn:
            We 2a eight, (2) COM. & IND. the
            (U.S.A.) dead weight. \« » other object or
            weight of a container or an) = ea
            material in which goods are packec , a in
            drums, cases, bags, or wrapping paper. ae ;
            deducted from the gross weight to arrive at the
            net weight of the spas beh Lt
            ‘price see under price.
            verte (1) any scale of prices or charges, or of
            rates of tax. (2) TOUR. (a) in a restaurant, a bill
            of fare; a menu. (6) ina hotel, a scale of charges
            for rooms and service, esp. a printed or typed
            list of these. (3) TRANSPT. a table of rates char-
            ged by a transport company for carrying vari-
            ous classes of goods and passengers: A
            Jreight/passenger tariff. (4) INSCE. an agreed
            scale of insurance premiums charged by all
            members of a group of insurers, called tariff
            companies; insurers who are not members and
            who are free to charge any rate they wish are
            called non-tariff companies. (5) IND. in the gas
            and electricity supply industries, a system of
            charging different classes of users. See two-part
            tariff; off-peak tariff below. (6) TAXN. (a) a
            synonym for a customs duty. See duty (3). (b)
            a printed list of the rates of customs duties.
            tariffs p/. a system of customs duties.
            ad valorem tariff an ad valorem duty, see ad
            valorem.
            compound tariff a combination of ad valorem
            duty and specific duty, used in one of two ways:
            the charging of only one of these duties, that
            which is the higher in amount: or the charging
            of both duties on the same goods at the same
            time.
            discriminating tariff see multiple tariff below.
            multiple tariff a customs duty with variable
            rates depending on the country of origin of the
            goods. Syn. discriminating tariff.
            off-peak tariff a specially low rate charged for
            electricity supplied during certain fixed hours,
            used mainly for heating private homes. See off-
            peak. Syn. restricted-hour tariff ; time-of-day
            tariff.
            protective tariff a protective customs duty. See
            protective duty under duty.
            restricted-hour tariff see off-peak tariff above.
            revenue tariff a customs duty that is intended
            _ bring in revenue, as opposed to a protective
            uly.
            time-of-day tariff see off-peak tariff above.
            two-part tariff a method of charging consumers

            for electricity or gas, by which the charge

            | » parts: a fixed charge that has
            oe i aie ne there ee been any
            aces sak and a charge that varies with
            the amount consumed pe

            tariff company see tariff (4). —

            tariff standard see under standard.

            Tas. Tasmania, ee.

            ‘me see under O« 5.

            ane —_ rian “a group of people brought
            together to perform a particular task. Often
            the team may come from different parts of
            an organization and may not usually work

            cau catein of pay IND. a method of paying
            a worker an agreed sum for each job completed
            in an agreed standard time. If he completes it
            in less time, he will produce more jobs in a day
            and earn a higher total pay; but if he takes
            more than the standard time, he earns less.
            This system is little different from piece-work.
            Syn. task wages. —_

            Taurus STK. EXCH. in Britain, the name of a
            computerized system of the International Stock
            Exchange for registering changes in the owner-
            ship of securities, due to start in 1989. Cf.
            Central Gilts Office.

            tax m. TAXN. a payment of money legally
            demanded by a government authority to meet
            public expenses.
            ad valorem tax see ad valorem.
            capital tax that class of tax that is charged on
            capital, as opposed to taxes charged on income
            (income tax) and on expenditure (expenditure
            tax). In Britain, capital taxes are the capital
            gains tax and the capital transfer tax.
            capital gains tax (a) in Britain, a capital tax
            charged on a gain resulting from the sale of an
            asset by a private taxpayer. The gain is the
            increase in capital value, or the difference
            between the original cost and the selling price.
            The tax is not charged on the gain made
            from the sale of a person’s home, Car, personal
            possessions sold for less than a certain sum,
            certain gilt-edged securities, etc. Capital losses
            and selling expenses can be set against capital
            gains. Gains by companies are treated diffe-
            rently, being classed as profits and liable to

            corporation tax. Abbr. C.G.T. (5) in U.S.A., a
            gain from the sale of a Capital asset is treated
            as income and liable to income tax, but at a
            lower rate than that charged on normal income.
            capital transfer tax see separate entry.

            capitation tax a tax formerly charged on every
            person in a country or in a group, at the same
            amount per person. In England, the Peasants’
            Revolt of 1381 was mainly directed against a
            ‘ax on every person in the population. In
            U.S.A. in the late nineteenth century a poll tax

            or capitation tax on those exercising their right
            to vote in elections was used as a political tool
            to prevent the poorer people, who could not


                evince -p 508 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            afford to pay the tax, from voting. Syn pell

            aX’ ax.
            ae a multiple-stage sales of ere
            tax (see sales tax (b) below) that ie chesyn a
            goods each time they are sold under & eee
            that does not allow businesses to recelve cre ”
            for tax paid on goods bought for business use.
            It is now generally considered to be a bad tax.
            consumption tax see separate entry.

            corporation tax in Britain, a tax on the profits
            of limited companies. It is charged on the
            whole of the net trading profits of a company,
            whether they are paid as dividends or kept as
            reserves. This tax replaces the former profits
            tax and company income tax. Advance corpora-
            tion tax (A.C.T.), the amount of tax paid by a
            company on the amount of profit distributed
            as dividend, charged at a rate equal to basic-
            rate income tax. See tax credit. Abbr. C.T. In
            U.S.A., known as corporation (or corporate)
            income tax, a tax by the Federal government
            on each corporation’s net annual earnings.
            death tax (U.S.A.) see estate tax below.
            deferred tax(es) in U.S.A., money set aside by
            a corporation in its accounts for the purpose
            of meeting future tax liabilities.
            degressive tax (a) a tax charged at a decreasing
            rate on incomes below a certain level. (5) a
            progressive tax that is charged at a decreasing
            rate as the income increases above certain
            levels.

            direct tax see separate entry.

            discriminatory tax one charged on some indus-
            tries in order to make it easier for other indus-
            tries to compete in the market, such as a tax
            on natural gas supplies to help the electricity,
            coal and oil industries to compete for cus-
            tomers.
            employment tax see pay-roll tax under pay-roll.
            equitable tax see progressive tax below.
            estate tax (U.S.A.) a tax on the value of prop-
            erty of any kind possessed by a person at his
            death. Syn. death tax; (Britain) estate duties:
            capital transfer tax.
            excess-profits tax a tax charged usu. in time of
            war or other national emergency, on the excess
            of business profits over the average of profits
            earned during a standard period when con-
            ditions were normal.
            excess retention tax a tax imposed in some
            countries on undistributed dividends received
            by a privately controlled investment company
            (one having very few, e.g. four, members) over
            and above a certain figure called a retention
            allowance. Abbr. E.R.T.
            excise tax see excise (2).
            expenditure tax see separate entry.
            federal tax in U.S.A., a tax, either direct or
            indirect, that must be paid to the U.S. Internal
            Revenue Service or to the Bureau of Customs.
            Federal taxes include federal income tax, estate

            Sa
            . —————————— Sr
            al

            tax - 497

            tax, gift tax, social security tax, excise tax, and
            customs duty. Cf. state tax; local tax.

            fiat tax a simple income tax that is applied at
            one fixed rate, e.g. 20% at all levels of income.
            Cf. graduated tax below.

            fringe-benefit tax in some countries, e.g. New
            Zealand, a tax paid by an employer on the
            value of all fringe benefits he gives to his
            employees. See fringe benefit. Abbr. F.B.T.
            gift tax see capital estate duty tax under capital
            transfer.

            goods and services tax a form of value-added
            tax on nearly all goods and most kinds of
            services. (Introduced in New Zealand in 1986
            at a rate of 10%.) Abbr. G.S.T. ahs
            graduated tax an income tax that rises in steps
            according to certain fixed levels of the tax-
            payer’s income, e.g. 20% on the first $5000 of
            income, 30% on the next $20,000, 40% on the
            next $20,000 and so on up to a maximum of
            (say) 50% or 60% on all incomes above (say)
            $60,000. Cf. flat tax.

            head tax see capitation tax above.

            hidden tax any indirect tax which is included
            in the price of goods or services and which the
            consumer does not realize he is paying.

            higher rate tax see income tax.

            income tax see separate entry; also income-tax
            schedules.

            indirect tax a tax that is not paid by the tax-
            payer direct to the government, but is collected
            by suppliers, shopkeepers, stores, etc., e.g.
            value added tax (V.A.T.) and excise duties. Cf.
            direct tax. Syn. outlay tax; expenditure tax;
            consumption tax.

            inheritance tax a tax charged on the value of
            property transferred at death to an heir, and
            on the value of gifts made during the giver’s
            lifetime. The rate of tax charged usu. depends
            on the amount inherited and, in some coun-
            tries, on the closeness of the relationship of the
            heir to the dead person, being low if the heir
            is a close relation such as the spouse or a child.
            The rate of tax also increases as more and more
            has been given before death.

            input tax see value added tax below.

            land tax in Britain, tax formerly charged on
            the ownership of land, but now abolished.
            In many other countries, land is taxed. See
            property tax below.

            local tax a tax payable to the local government
            authority by occupiers of land and buildings to
            pay for part of the cost of local public services
            such as education, public health services, street
            lighting and cleaning; the other part of the cost
            is covered by grants from higher or central
            government authorities. In Britain, such local
            taxes are called rates. Syn. municipal tax.
            luxury tax see sumptuary tax below.

            multiple sales tax see sales tax (6) below.
            municipal tax see local tax above; also rates.



                evince -p 509 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &


            498 - tax

            negative income tax see separate entry.
            outlay tax see indirect tax above.

            output tax see value added tax below.

            mtry.

            -roll tax see separate entry. 2

            Petroleum revenue tax In Britain, a tax paid on

            the value of petroleum sold. Ee eee of
            we the costs

            ed relief of up to 10% o i s of

            cepts new oilfields and of certain kinds

            of research. Abor. P.R.T.

            poll tax see capitation tax above.

            profits tax see corporation tax above.
            progressive tax a tax, such as income tax, that

            is charged at an increasing rate as the taxable
            ‘ncome increases. Cf. degressive tax. Syn. equi-
            table tax. Opp. regressive tax.

            property tax a tax charged on the value of
            real property, i.e. land and buildings. In some
            countries it is also charged on other forms
            of property such as jewellery, furniture and
            investments. Cf. wealth tax. See also rates.
            proportional tax a tax that is charged at a rate
            that does not change as the taxable amount
            increases. Cf. progressive tax; regressive tax.
            purchase tax an ad valorem tax on the whole-
            sale price of certain non-essential goods, paid
            by the consumer to the retailer, who pays it to
            the government. In Britain, the purchase tax
            introduced in 1940 in time of war was replaced
            in 1966-7 by the value added tax (V.A.T.).
            Abbr. P.T. Cf. sales tax.

            real estate tax see property tax above.
            redistributive tax a tax which takes money from
            the rich and pays it out to the poor, with the
            aim of spreading incomes more fairly among
            the people. |

            regressive tax a tax that is charged at a reducing
            rate as the taxable amount increases. Opp.
            progressive tax.

            regulatory tax a tax used by the government
            as a means of regulating (controlling) some
            economic activity rather than raising money,
            such as a high tax on petrol to make people
            use less.

            revenue tax a tax charged mainly for the pur-
            pose of raising revenue rather than to control
            the economy or to reduce inequalities of wealth
            and income.

            sales tax (a) a tax charged as a percentage of
            the retail price of goods or of the price charged
            to the public for services. It is usu. a general
            tax on a wide range of commodities and ser-
            vices, both essential and non-essential. Cf. pur-
            chase tax. (b) a tax charged not only on retail
            prices but also on the prices charged by manu-
            facturers and wholesalers, called a multiple sales
            tax, or turnover tax. The disadvantage of this
            tax is that the value taxed at each stage includes
            the tax paid at earlier stages. Value added tax
            avoids this form of multiple taxation. Syn.
            transactions tax.

            _ Social security tax in U.S.A., the equivalent of

            ti ational insurance contributions,
            hee ele yer and employee and by the self-
            employed, to provide social security benefits to
            unemployed, sick, disabled and other groups
            of persons unable to work, and retirement |
            pensions in old age. | |
            specific tax a tax at a rate based on a certain
            quantity of a commodity, such as the petrol
            tax of so much a gallon or litre, as opposed to
            an ad valorem tax, based on value. :
            stamp tax see stamp duty under duty. 7
            state tax in U.S.A., a tax that must be paid to
            the government of one of the states, such as
            income tax, estate tax, inheritance tax, sales
            tax, property tax and certain licence fees. Cf.
            federal tax; local tax. |
            sumptuary tax a tax on costly non-essential
            goods, intended to reduce spending on such
            ings. Syn. luxury tax.

            Sit tax ah as a surtax that is added
            to the ordinary income tax payable by persons
            with high incomes.
            surtax a special tax that is added to another
            tax such as income tax; it is usu. a graduated
            tax, rising by stages to make it progressive, 1.€.
            to increase the rate of total tax payable as the
            taxable income increases. Cf. surcharge.
            transactions tax see sales tax (b) above.
            turnover tax see sales tax (b) above.
            unitary tax (U.S.A.) a local (state) income tax
            on profits of multinational corporations.
            value-added tax (V.A.T.), an indirect tax, being
            a form of general sales tax, charged as a per-
            centage of the selling price of an article or
            commodity. It is added to the invoice as output
            tax at each stage of production and distri-
            bution, from manufacturer to wholesaler and
            to retailer. At each stage, the taxable person
            must account to the government for the output
            tax but is allowed to set against it the input tax,
            i.e. tax charged to him by his suppliers. A
            system of V.A.T. exists in all the E.E.C. coun-
            tries; in Britain it replaced the former purchase
            tax in 1966-7.
            wealth tax a tax on the value of personal net
            assets above a certain limit. Cf. property tax.
            withholding tax income tax withheld (kept
            back) by law and paid to the government
            (a) by an employer (esp. in U.S.A.) from an
            employee’s pay; (b) by a bank or other financial
            institution from interest or dividend paid usu.
            to a non-resident investor.
            v. to demand payment of a tax; to make some-
            thing liable to a tax: To tax a person according
            to his income. To tax luxuries more heavily.

            taxable income see under income.

            tax assessment see under assessment.

            tax assessor TAXN. in the U.S.A., the equiva-
            lent of an inspector of taxes in Britain.

            taxation (1) the act or process of taxing some-
            body or something: The use of taxation to control


                evince -p 510 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &


            the economy. (2) money paid to the ds ns
            d taxation means more money
            as taxes. Reduce ETT f ‘OSTts
            wate spending. (3) LAW Taxation of C0",
            Jor private SF° a an officer of the
            ess of deciding, by an 0
            the Palle the taxing officer, what the legal
            siti "9 a lawsuit amount to, and the oor <
            be borne by each of the parties to the ac a
            Legal costs include court fees, solicitors ee:
            and witnesses’ expenses. -
            direct taxation the charging of direct taxes, see
            tax.
            dual taxation see multiple taxation below.
            indirect taxation the charging of indirect taxes,
            see tax.
            multiple taxation the taxing of a person by two
            or more government authorities demanding the
            same kind of tax, such as federal income tax
            and the state income tax in the U.S.A. Syn.
            dual taxation.
            tax avoidance TAXN. action taken to avoid
            having to pay tax unnecessarily, using means
            that are not illegal. Cf. tax evasion.
            tax base TAXN. the amount of income, capital
            gain, or value of property or goods on which
            tax is liable to be paid. For income tax it is
            the taxable income.
            tax break TAXN. help given by the government
            to taxpayers in order to lessen some of the
            more severe effects of the tax laws, e.g. less tax
            payable on income from investment in unlisted
            companies.
            tax clearance see clearance (3).
            tax collector TAXN. see collector of taxes under
            collector.
            tax commissioners see Commissioners of
            Inland Revenue.
            tax consultant TAXN. a professional adviser on
            tax matters.
            tax credit TAXN. in Britain, a credit given to
            a shareholder for his share of the advance
            corporation tax paid by a company on the
            amount it distributes as dividends. The share-
            holder thus receives the dividend that has been
            declared, and at the same time is given by the
            company a document showing the amount of
            his tax credit. This document relieves him from
            paying basic-rate income tax on the dividend.
            If his total income is so low that he is not liable
            to pay any income tax, he can claim payment
            of the amount of the tax credit from the tax
            authority. If his income is high enough he will
            have to pay higher-rate tax and investment
            income surcharge on the dividend. Syn.
            (U.S.A.) tax offset. See also investment tax
            credit under investment.
            tax disc see tax token under token.
            tax efficiency TAXN. the ability of a taxpayer
            to invest his capital in such a way that the
            amount of tax payable on the income from it
            is kept as small as possible,
            tax evasion see evasion.

            a ee ee ae ee

            tax token - 499

            tax exemption TAXN. freedom from payment of
            taxes. usu. allowed by law to non-profitmaking
            organizations working for the public good,
            such as charities, religious associations, clubs
            and societies.

            tax-free allowance see allowance (5).

            tax-free income see under income.

            tax haven FIN. & TAXN. a country, usu. a small
            nation such as a self-governing island, where
            there is little or no taxation or currency control.
            By setting up its head office in a tax haven, a
            foreign business 1s treated as resident anc
            avoids paying taxes which it would have to
            pay elsewhere; and by depositing money in
            secret bank accounts there, a rich non-resident
            foreigner can escape being taxed in his own
            country. Cf. tax shelter. | |

            ‘ax holiday TAXN. & IND. a stated period of
            years during which, in some countries, a pro-
            ducer who sets up a new industrial unit, or
            expands his existing unit to increase his
            exports, enjoys the advantage of paying no tax
            on part or the whole of his profits. This f reedom
            from tax is given as a means of attracting new
            industries, or of encouraging existing industries
            to export more goods.

            fax impact see impact (3).

            fax incidence see incidence.

            fax inspector see inspector of taxes.

            tax levy see levy.

            tax lien see under lien.

            tax loss FIN. a loss made deliberately by a
            company to avoid paying tax on profits; it is
            usu. done by bringing forward capital expendi-
            ture to use up all the profits at the end of the
            tax year.

            ‘ax Offset see tax credit.

            flaxpayer TAXN. any person or organization
            liable by law to pay a tax or taxes. In Britain,
            where local taxes are called rates, a person who
            pays, or is liable to pay, local taxes is called a
            rate-payer.

            ‘ax relief TAXN. in Britain, a tax-free amount
            allowed in calculating a taxpayer’s taxable
            Income, €.g. interest on loans for housing, and,
            formerly, life insurance premiums.
            double income-tax relief see separate entry.
            export-tax relief relief from income tax and

            company tax on profits made on exports.
            ax return see return (3).

            ax schedules see schedules, tax.

            ‘ax shelter TAXN. any means of avoiding or
            reducing liability to tax, such as farming losses
            mortgage interest payments, depreciation
            allowances etc. Cf. tax haven.

            ax shifting see shift, v.

            ax take TAXN. (U.S.A. collog.) an amount of
            money received from taxes: Reduce the deficit

            by increasing the tax-take and cutting the defence
            budget.

            ax token see under token.



                evince -p 511 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            500 - tax voucher

            tax voucher see dividend warrant.

            tax year see under year. :

            T.B. trial balance; Treasury bil

            t.b.a. to be advised; to be agreed.

            T-bill Treasury bill.

            T-bond Treasury bond.

            T.C. traveller’s cheque.

            teamster TRANSPT. 1n U.S.A., ru
            (formerly a man who drove a team, 1.©- a group

            of two or more horses). Rit:
            teamworking MAN. the skills of working in a
            team and the study of how people operate in
            teams. Many teamworking models stress the
            importance of the definition of parts played by
            members of the team and of communication
            systems.
            technical IND. having to do with the scientific
            methods used in industry, esp. in manufactur-
            ing processes: A report written in technical lan-
            guage. He is studying chemical engineering |
            computer science | paper technology in a technical
            college.
            technical aid see foreign aid.
            technical efficiency see under efficiency.
            technical position STK. EXCH. of a particular
            security, the current trend of the market,
            whether the security is much in demand or is
            being steadily sold. Of longer-term trends, the
            market 1s said to be technically strong when
            prices are gradually rising and the volume of
            sales is high; and technically weak when prices
            are gradually falling and the volume of sales
            still remains high.
            technocracy (1) a system of government in
            which ruling power is held by a few persons
            from a class or group highly trained in science
            and technology. (2) the persons (technocrats)
            who hold the ruling power in such a system.
            technological unemployment see under
            unemployment.
            technology IND. the study and use of scientific
            methods in industry, esp. the application of
            chemistry, physics and engineering to manu-
            facturing processes.
            tel., Tel. telegram; telegraph; telephone.
            tele- prefix meaning distant: Telegraphy, writing
            at a distance. 7elevision, a method of broadcast-
            ing pictures and sound over a distance.
            telecom telecommunications.
            telecommunications the sending and receiv-
            ing of messages by electric signals along tele-
            phone and telegraph wires or by radio signals
            through the air. Abbr. telecom.
            pl. (1) the science of telecommunication. (2) an
            Organization that provides a public telecom-
            munications science, such as British Telecom,
            formerly a department of the Post Office.
            telecommuter MAN. an employee who works
            at home and is connected to the employer’s
            office by computer. His or her work is called
            telework. Cf. teleworking.

            1; training board.

            a truck-driver

            teleconference see under conference.
            telegram a message sent by telegraph, esp. along
            wires. See cable. Abbr. tel.; Tel.
            radio telegram a message sent by radio.
            telegraphic address an abbreviated form of
            the name and address of a business, registereq
            with the Post Office, printed as part of the
            business letterhead and intended to gave
            money, and to reduce mistakes, when Custom-
            ers, etc. send telegrams and cables to the bus;.-
            ness.
            telegraph(ic) money order see under money
            order. Abbr. T.M.O.
            telegraphic transfer BKG. (1) a quick way of
            sending money by cabled bank transfer to 4
            person in another country. The payee can be
            paid either in cash or by credit to his bank
            account. The sender bears the cost of the cable
            unless he directs that this is to be borne by the
            payee. (2) Telegraphic transfer rate, see T.T.
            rate under exchange rate. Abbr. T.T.
            telepaging MAN. an electronic system that
            makes it possible to ‘page’ (to call) a person
            who is moving about a building and who is
            needed on the telephone or in his office.
            telephone box see call-box.
            telephone exchange a central building where
            connections to telephone lines are made by
            switching apparatus. A private branch exchange
            (P.B.X., or P.A.B.X. if it is automatic) is an
            apparatus in an office, hotel etc. for switching
            calls to a number of instruments 1n the build-
            ing. A company branch exchange (C.B.X.) is
            such an apparatus in a (usu. large) company
            office. An exchange line or outside line is one
            from a P.B.X. or P.A.B.X. to the central tele-
            phone exchange.
            telephone interviewing MAN. & ADVTG. an
            increasingly common method of conducting
            market research interviews. It saves research
            time because travel is not necessary, it allows
            access to people who would otherwise refuse
            to be interviewed, and people are often more
            honest over the telephone than they would be
            in the confusion of a face-to-face interview. See
            also computer assisted telephone interviewing.
            telephone kiosk see call-box.
            telephone selling com. selling done by tele-
            phone; a branch of direct marketing.
            teleprinter an apparatus for sending and receiv-
            ing typewritten messages over long distances
            by telegraph. The message is typed on a key-
            board, similar to that of a typewriter, at the
            sender’s end of the line, and it appears as a
            typewritten document at the distant end. See
            also telex. Syn. (STK. EXCH.) ticker.
            Teletel comp. the videotape system used in
            France. Cf. Teletex.
            Teletex Comp. a videotape system that sends
            and receives information by radio television
            signals. Cf. Teletel.


                evince -p 512 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            ee ok eee:

            service In which information from

            data bases which are always up-to-
            able with the T.V. channels on a

            teletext 4
            computer Ge
            date are avail

            television set. rs )
            television advertising see advertising media.

            | elevision ratings figures see rating. Abbr
            | ee telecommuter
            see telec .
            | Oe a IND. the practice whereby an
            | employee 1s located away from the organiza-
            tion’s building (e.g. at home) and carries out
            | his or her normal work off-site in this way.
            | Communication with the organization 1s
            | through telecommunications and computer
            | networks. Cf. telecommuter.
            . telex (1) an international system for sending
            and receiving messages by teleprinter, using
            | telegraph lines connected by automatic ex-
            changes similar to those of a telephone system.
            | (2) a message sent or received by telex.
            | teller (1) MAN. a person appointed at a meeting
            to count votes. Syn. scrutineer. (2) BKG. see
            | cashier (3) automatic teller machines.
            tel quel rate see under exchange rate.
            temp. temporary; temperature.
            | temp (collog.) a temporary worker, esp. a typist.
            temporary annuity see under insurance policy.
            | temporary money see under money.
            | temporary policy see term policy under
            insurance policy.
            | Ten see Group of Ten.
            | tenancy LAW (1) the right of a person or organiza-
            tion to hold certain land or buildings under a

            | lease, see lessee; or following the ending of a
            lease, see tenant at sufferance; or merely at the
            will of the landlord, see tenant at will; or under
            a settlement, see tenant for life. (2) a popular
            | word for a lease.
            tenancy in common see ownership in com-
            mon.
            | tenant LAW a person or organization having the
            right to hold certain land or buildings, usu.
            | under a lease or settlement. See tenancy; land-
            lord and tenant. Syn. lessee; nominee.
            joint tenant see joint ownership.
            life tenant see tenant for life.
            | statutory tenant in Britain, a tenant whose
            | tenancy is protected by a law that gives him
            the right to remain in the property even after

            his tenancy agreement with the landlord has

            come to an end.

            sub-tenant see separate entry.

            yearly tenant see tenant from year to year.
            tenant at sufferance Law a tenant who con-

            tinues to hold land or buildings after the ending

            of the lease by which he originally came into
            | Possession of the property, and without the
            | agreement of the landlord.
            | tenant at will Law a tenant who holds land

            under a lease that gives both lessor and lessee

            A ee

            een ig

            tender issue - 501

            the right to end the tenancy at any time on
            giving an agreed period of notice.

            tenant-farmer AGR. a farmer who holds the
            land he farms as a tenant under a lease, paying
            rent, not as a landowner.

            tenant for life LAW a person who owns an
            interest in land or buildings only for his life-
            time, i.e. a life interest. Syn. life tenant. |

            tenant for years LAW a person who holds land
            or buildings under a lease for a stated number
            of years, as opposed to a tenant at will, whose
            lease may be ended by the lessor at any time
            on giving an agreed period of notice. Cf. tenant
            from year to year.

            tenant from year to year LAW a person who
            holds land or buildings under a lease that can
            be ended only by six months’ notice ending at
            the period of the year when the lease originally
            began. Syn. yearly tenancy. Cf. tenant for
            years. is .!

            tenant in common see ownership 1n common.

            tender n. (1) LAW & FIN. an offer by a debtor of
            an exact amount of money in coin or notes
            needed to settle a debt in a strictly legal man-
            ner. See legal tender. (2) COM. a written offer
            by a supplier to supply certain goods and ser-
            vices at a stated price, usu. in competition with
            other tenderers: To submit a tender for a public
            works contract. We have won/have been allotted/
            awarded a tender, our tender has been accepted.
            sealed-bid tender a system by which suppliers
            are invited, usu. by advertisements, to submit
            tenders for supplying certain stated goods or
            services. Each tenderer puts his bid in a sealed
            envelope so that none of the other tenderers
            knows what price he has quoted. At a certain
            time and place, all the envelopes are opened
            and the contract is given to the tenderer who
            quotes the lowest price if he is judged able to
            perform the contract satisfactorily.
            (3) STK. EXCH. see issue by tender. (4) SHIPG. a
            boat or small ship used for carrying passengers,
            goods, fuel, etc. from shore to larger vessels.
            v. (1) COM. to make an offer in competition with
            others in the form of a tender. See tendering. (2)
            FIN. to offer money, esp. in coin or notes or
            both, in payment of a debt: To tender a five-
            pound note. (3) MAN. to offer, esp. a formal
            document, such as a letter of resignation: To
            tender one’s resignation. He tendered his
            apologies/thanks.

            tenderer Com. a person or organization making
            a tender.

            tender guarantee see guarantee (5).

            tendering COM. the act or practice of making
            offers in the form of tenders.
            collusive tendering see separate entry.
            dummy tendering see collusive tendering.
            level tendering see collusive tendering; also
            common pricing.

            tender issue BKG. & FIN. in Britain, an issue of



                evince -p 513 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &


            502 - tender, legal
            e bill (5) under bill of
            de by the Bank of BET ace
            t invites tenders from inan
            r than the clearing banks,
            t houses which supply the
            banks. The size of the issue can poh ipiclees
            provides the government with’® ea ‘ans
            of controlling the amount of bank credit.
            tender, legal see legal tender. |
            tender offer see issue by tender. — ents
            tenement (1) LAW real propery 1.€. ree ‘ :
            buildings, held by one owner. (2) LAW a house.

            (3) com. a house, called a tenement house, <a
            sisting of a number of flats that are let usu. tc
            families with low incomes.
            Ten, Group of see Group of Ten.
            Tenn. Tennessee, U.S.A.
            tenner FIN. (collog.) a ten-pound note; a ten-
            dollar note.
            tenor BKG. the length of time for a bill of ex-
            change or promissory note to reach maturity,
            i.e. to become due for payment. This time 1s
            always stated in the bill or note, ¢.g. Three
            months after date pay to me or pay to my order,
            etc. Syn. term.
            tenure (1) LAW the conditions under which land
            and buildings are held or occupied; the ar-
            rangement existing between a landlord and his
            tenant. See security (2). (2) MAN. the holding
            of a position: During his tenure of office, while
            he held office. A non-tenured position is usu.
            a temporary or part-time job, as compared with
            a tenured, or full-time permanent one that 1s
            held on tenure.
            terabit see bit.
            term v. to give a name to, to call, to describe
            something or somebody: His dealings can be
            termed criminal.
            n. (1) a word or group of words that expresses
            a specialized idea: A financial/stock exchange/
            insurance/accounting/technical term. (2) a fixed
            or agreed period of time: Jn the long/short term,
            over a long or short period. (3) LAW the time
            during which a legal right may be enjoyed: The
            term of a lease/patent/copyright. (4) a period of
            punishment: A term of imprisonment. (5) BKG.
            the length of time that may pass before pay-
            ment or repayment: The term of a bill of
            exchange/promissory note/loan. Syn. tenor. (6)
            INSCE. the time for which an insurance contract
            is to last, esp. if less than a year.
            terms pl. (a) rules or conditions: The terms of a
            contract/agreement. Terms of service, the rights
            and duties agreed by both parties in a contract
            of service. Terms of supply/payment, the con-
            ditions regarding prices, discounts and pay-
            _ Jeena —_ are supplied. The
            Mappa — : rade terms below. To come
            yee greement about prices, etc.

            To dictate terms, see dictate. (b) personal

            relations: The management is on good/bad terms

            Treasury bills (see finance

            each week when !

            cial institutions othe
            mainly from discoun

            ith the stafi/trade union.
            a see under payee 3
            settlement terms a scale of discounts alloweg
            by a supplier which a customer may deduc
            from the value of an invoice if it iS settled
            within certain periods after its date, e.g 34
            days 5%, 60 days LY 60-70 days ee
            trade terms a scale of discounts allowed by a
            wholesale supplier to retailers in a particula,
            trade. Please supply at best tr ade ter ms, Cus-
            tomary words used by a etnier when Ordering
            goods from a wholesaler, es please Sup.
            ply at lowest prices and highest discounts’, Syn,
            terms to the trade. | |
            term assurance see term policy under insurance
            licy.
            ain aire see quarter-day.
            term deposit see under deposit.
            terminable annuity see annuity insurance
            under insurance, classes and kinds of.
            terminal TRANSPT. (1) a station at the end of a
            railway or bus route. Syn. terminus. (2) the
            office of an airline, usu. in the centre of a town,
            where passengers may board a coach which
            takes them to the airport, and where arriving
            passengers are brought by coach. (3) a building,
            called an ocean terminal, in a port where large
            passenger liners call to load and unload. (4)
            COMP. any part of a computer where data can be
            input by means of keyboard, or output, e.g.
            on a visual display screen. A/so data terminal.
            terminal bonus see under bonus, insurance.
            terminal market see under market.
            terminate v. to end; to put an end to; to come
            to an end: Jo terminate somebody’s employ-
            ment/services. The lease has terminated.
            termination n. an end, an ending: The termi-
            nation of an offer.
            terminus TRANSPT. a railway or bus station at
            the end of a line or route. P/. termini.
            term loan see under loan.
            term of acceptance see under acceptance (4).
            term policy see under insurance policy.
            term share see under share.
            term sight bill see time bill under bill of ex-
            change.
            terms of trade ECON. THEORY in international
            trade, the relation between the prices of a
            country’s imports and exports. It is usu. expres-
            sed as an index of terms of trade, calculated
            by using index numbers of the prices of a
            chosen group of imports and another group of
            exports, as follows:
            index of terms index of export prices
            of trade index of import prices.
            If the index of terms of trade is greater than
            unity (i.e. one) it is favourable because imports

            have become cheaper relatively to exports. If

            the index is less than unity, the opposite is
            true, 1.e. it is unfavourable.


                evince -p 514 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &


            referential.

            ential see p
            terms, prefer de terms under term.

            terms tO the trade see tra

            . err. terrace. " ; = mel:
            Fania! (1) AGR. a strip oF area of formerly
            tert |

            sing ground that has been made level, esp.
            —- ing rice and other crops under irriga-
            Los Aa level area in front of a house or
            ion built on a slope. (3) a row of Me usu.
            joined to each other along a street. Abor. Lerr;

            tert.

            territorial waters LAW & SHIPG. that part of

            the sea within three miles of the shore (in some

            countries up to 200 miles) over which a country

            has full jurisdiction under international law.
            tertiary industry see under industry. —

            tertiary production see under production.

            testament see will.

            testamentary trust see under trust.

            testate LAW (of a dead person) having left a
            will.

            testate succession LAW succeeding to, becom-
            ing the owner of, property under the provisions
            of the will of a person who has died.

            testator LAW the person who makes a will. Fem.
            testatrix.

            testatrix see testator.

            test case LAW a lawsuit brought in the courts
            to obtain a legal decision that will apply equally
            to other, similar, cases, thus making further
            legal actions unnecessary.

            testimonial (1) MAN. a written declaration
            about a person’s character and ability, by a
            person qualified to judge his fitness to perform
            certain work or to hold a position of respon-
            sibility. Cf. character (1); reference (2). Syn.
            recommendation. (2) a letter praising the qual-
            ities of a product, such as a medicine: An
            unsolicited testimonial, one written by a person
            without being asked.

            testimony LAW spoken evidence given in court
            by a witness under oath or affirmation.

            testing the market see market research.

            Tex. Texas, U.S.A.

            textiles (1) IND. & Com. cloth of all kinds. (2)
            STK. EXCH. the stock or shares of companies
            manufacturing or selling textiles.

            TF sHIPG. on a load-line, a mark showing the
            level to which a ship may safely be loaded in
            tropical fresh water.

            theft Law the act of stealing. In Britain, a
            person is guilty of theft if he dishonestly takes
            possession of, and treats as his own, property
            belonging to another person with the intention
            of permanently preventing him from using it.
            See pilferage. Syn. larceny.

            theft insurance see under insurance, classes
            and kinds of.

            theory n. (1) an idea, based on reasoning, that
            ae to explain certain facts: The Keynes-
            er p a Hp trade cycle, J.M. Keynes’s

            of the trade cycle. (2) the basic

            tt

            th
            thrift - 503

            truths and methods of a science or of any
            human activity, as opposed to its practice:
            Economic theory analyses the forces of supply
            and demand, while applied economics deals with
            the practical problems of markets in actual life.
            theoretical adj. of or relating to theory, not
            practice, ) |

            1erm IND. a unit of heat; in Britain, used as a
            basis of charging for the supply of gas for
            heating, cooking, etc. | therm = 100,000 Bri-
            tish thermal units (B.T.U.s).

            in market see narrow market. ; |
            \ird-line forcing COM. & LAW the practice of
            a seller in forcing a customer to buy a product
            he does not want in order to get a supply of
            the product he does want. The trick is usu. not
            allowed by laws dealing with restrictive trade
            practices because it makes an unfair condition
            of sale.

            vird market see under market. }

            hird of Exchange BKG. & COM. the third part
            of a set of bills. See bill (of exchange) in a set.
            \ird party INSCE. in insurance, a party who 1s
            not one of the parties who make a contract but
            who is intended to benefit under the contract
            if he suffers loss or injury as the result of some
            negligent act of the insured. The first and
            second parties to an insurance contract are the
            insurer and the insured; a third party is a
            person to whom a legal liability is owed. Abdr.
            EP:

            hird World see under-developed countries.
            hirty-Share Index see Financial Times Indus-
            trial Ordinary Share Index.

            weat of entry ECON. & MAN. the threat of a
            new organization entering an existing market;
            this will depend upon the entry cost. See also
            barrier to entry.

            wee-column accounts ACCTS. accounts in
            the style used by most accounting machinery;
            each account has three columns, headed debits,
            credits and balance. Cf. two-sided accounts.
            weshold (1) a doorway or entrance. (2) a point
            at which one enters a system or class, e.g. of
            taxpayers: A tax threshold, the level of income
            at which a person’s liability to tax begins. A
            wage threshold, the level of the cost-of-living
            index at which workers receive an agreed in-
            crease In wages.

            weshold insurance policy see child’s
            deferred policy under insurance policy.
            weshold price see under price.

            wift n. (1) the personal quality of being careful
            to avoid waste and to spend money wisely. (2)
            a habitual desire to save goods or money for
            the future. Opp. wastefulness. Syn. economy.
            Adj. thrifty.

            thrifts pl. FIN. & BKG. in U.S.A. the federal
            Savings and loan associations (S & Ls) and the

            Savings banks collectively. Also thrift insti-
            tutions.



                evince -p 515 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &


            504 - thrive

            thrive com. to be successful; to grow in profi-
            tability or wealth: The business is thriving, 1S 1n

            a very profitable state. Syn. prosper.

            thro’ through.

            through bill of lading see under bill of lading.

            amount of raw material
            shronge eS ee a stated time: Our
            ee Boa eo has a throughput of 1000 tons of
            — day. (2) COMP. the amount of data that a
            computer can process in a stated time.
            throwaway adj. of a consumer good (or part
            of one) that has short life, made to be used
            only once and then thrown away, such as paper
            or plastic containers for milk instead of re-
            usable glass bottles. Syn. non-returnable. N.
            (U.S.A.) a handbill. sae
            Thurow’s Tyranny see under Organization,
            Laws of.
            tick (1) a mark, thus ,/, used when checking
            lists, etc. to show correctness or action com-
            pleted. Syn. (U.S.A.) check. (2) CoM. (collog.)
            credit: They bought their opening stock on tick,
            on credit, to be paid for later. You may buy/have
            goods on tick until the end of the month, you may
            take them now and pay at the end of the
            month. Syn. on the nod.
            ticker see teleprinter.
            ticket (1) a printed slip of paper or card, usu.
            given in exchange for money, showing that the
            holder has the right to a service of some kind:
            A bus/coach/rail/steamer/air ticket. Tickets for
            the theatre/cinema/circus. An admission ticket. A
            complimentary ticket, one given free of charge.
            (2) CoM. a label or notice, such as a price-
            ticket. (3) STK. EXCH. see name-ticket: Name
            Day. (4) (collog.) a certificate or qualification:
            He has a draughtsman’s ticket, he is a qualified
            draughtsman. A master’s ticket, the qualifi-
            cation necessary to anyone who takes com-
            mand of a merchant ship, i.e. a master’s
            certificate.
            circular ticket a ticket that allows a traveller,
            esp. a tourist, to visit a number of places on a
            roughly circular route, starting and finishing at
            the same place. Cf. return ticket; round-trip
            ticket.
            excursion ticket a ticket that allows a traveller
            to make a short pleasure trip at reduced cost.
            See excursion.
            platform ticket a ticket bought by a member of
            the public who is not a traveller but wishes
            only to go on to the platform in a railway
            Station.
            return ticket a ticket that allows a traveller to
            travel from one place to another and, within a
            certain time, to return to his starting place. Syn.
            (U.S.A.) round-trip ticket. Cf. single ticket.
            round-trip ticket see round, adj. (1); return
            ticket above.
            Season ticket a railway ticket that allows a
            traveller to make a stated journey as often as

            he wishes during a certain period, such as gq
            week, a month, a quarter, a half-year, Or a
            year; the rate 1s reduced according to the length
            of the period.
            single ticket a ticket that allows a traveller to
            travel once only from one place to another. Cf
            return ticket.
            time ticket see time recorder.
            ticket agency TRANSPT. & TOUR. the office or
            shop of an agent who sells theatre and travel]
            tickets in return for a commission on the value
            of his sales and, in some cases, a small fee for
            making reservations.
            ticket collector TRANSPT. a railway official who
            examines travellers’ tickets before a train lea-
            ves, and collects their tickets when they com-
            plete their journey.
            Ticket Day see Name Day.
            ticket office see booking office.
            ticket tout see under tout.
            ticket-writer CoM. a skilled writer of show-
            cards, notices, price tags etc. for use esp. in
            shops.
            tidal basin see under basin (1).
            tied house (1) an inn or public house which is
            tied, i.e. bound by a formal agreement, to buy
            all its supplies from a particular supplier, who
            is usu. also the owner of the building. (2) a
            house or cottage, in which the owner of a farm
            allows an employee and his family to live only
            so long as the worker continues to be employed
            on the farm.
            tied shop a shop or other business such as a
            petrol filling-station of which the owner is tied,
            i.e. bound by formal agreement, to sell only
            the products of a particular supplier, who is
            often also the owner of the land and buildings
            occupied by the business.
            tightfisted (collog.) too careful with money;
            unwilling to part with possessions.
            tight money see dear money.
            tight scrip see scrip (3).
            till 2. Com. (1) a box or drawer with divisions,
            in which a shopkeeper or cashier keeps money,
            esp. notes, coins and cheques. (2) a cash regis-
            ter. To run away with the till, to steal one’s
            employer’s money. Caught with his hand/fingers
            in the till, caught in the act of Stealing. He could
            not keep his hand/fingers out of the till, he was
            continually stealing small sums from his
            employer. To ring (up) the till, to make money,
            esp. by selling things in-a shop. Till money,
            money taken in the course of a day’s trading.
            v. AGR. to cultivate land, esp. to prepare the
            _Soil before sowing seeds.
            tillage AGR. (1) the act or practice of tilling
            the soil. (2) land that is tilled, as opposed to
            pasturage.
            timber AGR. & IND. (1) land used for growing
            trees: Land under timber, planted with trees.
            (2) any growing trees that are intended for use


                evince -p 516 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &


            g material or other manufactures. To
            trees. (3) wood prepared
            into

            ‘iding and other manufactures, sawn 1n
            a canaade Syn. (U.S.A. and Canada)

            as buildin
            fell timber, to cut down

            ms
            aed (4) a straight or curved beam of wood,

            esp. if part of a building or a ship.

            timber yard see under yard. |

            time (1) the relation between events that happen
            before or after each other; the quantity mea-
            sured by a clock: Past/present/future time. (2) a
            length of time; a period during which some-
            thing lasts. A long/short time. (3) a moment or
            point in time: What time is it? Now is the
            time to sell. The time by the clock/the sun. (4)
            frequency of happening: Interest is paid four
            times a year. Trains leave every ten minutes or
            six times an hour. (5) a relationship in numbers:
            Profits amount to four times the dividend.
            Daylight Saving Time time that, in some coun-
            tries, is the result of putting all clocks one hour
            ahead of (1.e. later than) Standard Time, esp.
            during the summer, to add one more hour
            of daylight to the normal working day. Syn.
            Summer Time. Abbr. D.S.T.
            down time see downtime under down.
            local time see under local.
            lost time see downtime.
            Standard Time see separate entry.
            Summer Time see Daylight Saving Time above.
            Abbr. S.T.

            time and a quarter/half see overtime.

            time (and motion) study IND. the practice of
            watching and recording the movements made
            by a worker in doing his work, esp. in a factory,
            to see how his efficiency can be improved, such
            as by giving him better tools, more comfortable
            conditions, and special training. Cf. ergonom-
            ICS.

            time bargain see under bargain (4).

            time-barred see limitation.

            time bill see under bill of exchange; timetable.

            time card see time sheet.

            time charter see under charter, n. (3).

            time deposit see under deposit (4).

            time draft see time bill under bill of exchange.

            time-lag ECON. THEORY the delay that takes
            place before the effect of some action is seen,
            e.g. between the introduction of a monetary
            control, such as a change in the minimum
            lending rate or bank rate, and the desired
            effect, in this case, a change in the amount of
            money in circulation; or the time needed for

            _Supply to increase to meet a rise in demand.

            time loan see under loan.

            time management the management by indi-
            viduals of their own time to improve their
            efficiency and therefore productivity. A time
            management system is one of many diary organ-

            izers which act as aids to personal time man-
            agement.

            title - 505

            time-of-day tariff see off-peak tariff under
            tariff. :

            time option STK. EXCH. a forward contract (not
            an option) which matures between two stated
            dates, rather than on a single date.

            time policy see under insurance policy.

            time preference ECON. THEORY a tendency of
            people to prefer not to save but to enjoy their
            money by spending it on consumption goods
            when interest rates are low, and to be more
            willing to save, i.e. to lend it, when interest
            rates are high. This idea is the basis of B6hm-
            Bawerk’s Time-Preference Theory of Interest.

            time recorder IND. a recording clock used in
            factories to record on a card, called a time
            ticket, the time of a worker’s arrival and the
            time he leaves. See clock, v.

            time-saving bonus see under bonus.

            time-sharing (1) COMP. an arrangement by
            which a number of users in different places
            may use the same computer by means of tele-
            phone or telex lines. (2) MAN. & TOUR. an
            arrangement by which a number of owners
            may each occupy a particular house or flat only
            at fixed periods of the year.

            time sheet MAN. a printed form on which the
            hours worked by an employee are recorded for
            use in calculating his weekly wage. Syn. time
            card.

            time study IND. a study of the time taken
            to perform a job, the aim being to establish
            productivity standards based upon target times
            for certain work loads.

            timetable (1) a table listing the times when
            certain events happen. (2) TRANSPT. a book of
            tables showing times of departure and arrival
            of services: A railway/bus/plane timetable. Syn.
            (U.S.A.) time bill.

            time ticket see time recorder.

            time wage(s) see time-work.

            time-work IND. in the payment of wages, the
            system of paying a worker according to the
            number of hours he works, as opposed to piece-
            work. Syn. time wage(s).

            time-zone one of the 24 zones into which, by
            international agreement, the earth is divided.
            Each zone is of 15° of longitude or one hour of
            time. The time in each zone is the Standard
            Time kept on sea and land in that zone and is
            always a convenient number of hours or half-
            hours ahead of, or behind, Greenwich Mean

            Time. See Daylight Saving Time under time.

            tin (collog.) money.

            tin parachute see golden parachute.

            tip (1) a gift of a small sum of money as a reward
            for personal service. (2) information given pri-
            vately. (3) personal advice or warning.

            title Law (1) a legal right to ownership of a
            thing of value, esp. land and buildings and
            merchandise. (2) a formal document proving
            ownership, such as the title-deeds of a house


                evince -p 517 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            . title absolute

            io 1] nt of mer-
            bill of lading of a consignmen
            of 1a .
            or the 0!
            eas » separate entry:

            e le SéE
            absolute tt , abstract. | |
            ‘ ® 4 a a) re Lf oa « €
            abstract of title ae (en ownership of land)

            defective — a atahe d with the Land nee,
            which 1s ~ ne isfy the condition i
            wi ceaytie title, i.e. that it must a ae
            “ we pat 30 years each owner — eaten :
            legal right to ownership. _ ca sano
            risk that another person can C

            owner.
            document of title see separate entry.

            marketable title a title to land which . ane
            a buyer that the seller is the only lega sits
            and so has legal power to sell it. Cf. defective
            title above. See title-deeds under deed.
            paper title a document that proves the holder's
            legal right to the ownership of land or to money

            or securities.

            proof of title see title (2).
            registered title the right of ownership of a
            property that has been registered at the Land
            Registry, which means that the right 1s guaran-
            teed by the State.

            root of title one of the documents making up
            the title-deeds, by which the seller begins his
            abstract of title by proving ownership from a
            date at least 30 years ago to the present day.
            This document is not required for sales of
            properties with titles registered at the Land
            Registry.

            squatter’s title in Britain, a title to land that
            has come into existence by the mere fact that
            a person, called a squatter, has entered upon,
            and for 12 years has occupied (squatted on),
            the land without paying rent and without the
            original owner’s permission.

            title absolute see absolute title.

            title-deeds see under deed.

            title policy see defective-title policy under
            insurance policy.

            tk. ton-kilometre; tonne-kilometre.

            TL Turkish lira.

            T.L., t.1., T/L total loss.

            T.M. ton mile.

            T.M.O. telegraph(ic) money order.

            TN Tennessee, U.S.A.

            T. note Treasury note.

            T/O turnover.

            T.O. table of organization.

            To accTs. an abbr. of Dr to or Debtor to, meaning
            a debit entry in book-keeping: To goods a;
            goods to a value of £5 have been invoiced and
            rh te - — _~ - the customer’s
            0 y, used to show credit

            tobaccos STK. EXCH. stocks and shares of com-

            : eae growing and selling tobacco.

            yond on measure of weight, usu. of wool,
            Stones or 28 Ib (12.70 kg).

            tirely sal



            exo _see e.g. tax token below.
            oon tet . a ae of money, made
            (2) ree of an attractive card intended to
            he ave as a gift. The card is exchanged in 9
            shop by the person to whom it has been given
            for goods up to the stated value. See gift token;
            book token below. (3) a piece of metal or plastic,
            similar to a coin, given free for use in exchange
            e.g. for a meal in a canteen, OF sold for money
            for use in a slot machine. —
            book token a gift token that can be used only
            in exchange for books in a bookshop.
            ee separate entry. :
            . te in Britain, a receipt for tax paid for
            a licence giving the right to use a motor vehicle
            on the road. The receipt is in the form of a
            printed label which must be stuck in the front
            window of the vehicle as a sign to the authorit-
            ies that the tax has been paid. Syn. tax disc.
            token coin see token money ; a/so token coinage
            coinage.

            aan nad FIN. coins, the legal value of
            which, as units of currency, is greater than the
            value of the metal in them. In Britain they are
            made of bronze (1p and 2p) and cupro-nickel
            (5p, 10p, 20p, 50p and £1). Syn. token coin.
            See token coinage under coinage.

            token payment CoM. & FIN. a payment of a
            small part of an amount owed, to show that
            the debtor acknowledges the debt and binds
            himself to pay it. See earnest.

            token strike see under strike.

            Tokyo Round ECON. HIST. a series of meetings
            in the 1970s that continued the work of the
            Kennedy Round of the 1960s by further lower-
            ing tariff barriers and by beginning discussions
            aimed to do away with other hindrances to
            international trade.

            to let relating to buildings, offered for letting.

            toll (1) TRANSPT. & FIN. a payment demanded,
            usu. by a government authority, for some right,
            such as to pass along a road or canal, across a
            bridge, or through a tunnel; or to use a ferry.
            (2) SHIPG. a charge made by a dock company
            “e hae transport to move goods in the

            ock area.

            toll bridge see under bridge.

            Tolpuddle Martyrs ECON. HIST. six low-paid
            farm workers from the village of Tolpuddle in
            Dorset, England, who in 1834 were sentenced
            ~ seven years punishment in Australia for
            combining to form a trade union. They were
            greatly admired b

            F y many for their courage, and
            alter much popular outcry they were pardoned

            and brought back to F
            ama, ngland after serving

            of their sentence. § |
            a yn. Dorchester

            tombstone Fin.
            banks which ha
            Or syndicated
            financial press.

            an advertisement listing the
            ve participated in a bond issue
            loan, which appears in the


                evince -p 518 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            = c
            i a oo a


            t of weight of

            easuremen
            ton (1) : oe below esp. long ton, —
            a ii ton. Abbr. T.; ¢- (2) a unit of
            Ee at of volume of varying values, see
            measurciy mneasurement ton; vessel ton. (3)
            er eau of one hundred pounds (£100).
            ie a speed of 100 miles per hour.
            a ton see short ton a
            avoirdupois se see ~ - wi ow.
            i | ong to
            Se ae ht ton below.

            cargo tom see freig
            displacement ton S
            under tonnage.

            nglish ton see long ton below. — |
            tredght ton a basic unit for charging freight on

            ither by weight or by measurement.
            wien ve sei is heavy but takes little space,
            such as steel bars, the unit used ts the ton of
            weight, either the imperial ton of 2240 Ib (1016
            kg), or the metric ton or tonne (2205 Ib) (1000
            kg). If the cargo is light but takes up much
            space, such as wood pulp, the unit used is
            the shipping or measurement ton based on the
            volume of water displaced by a ton weight, 40
            cu. ft. (1.132 cu. m (m?)). Syn. cargo ton.
            gross ton see long ton below.
            imperial ton see long ton below.
            long ton the avoirdupois ton of 2240 lb (1016.05
            kg) in common use in Britain. Syn. imperial
            ton; U.K. ton; British ton; English ton; weight
            ton; gross ton.
            measurement ton usu. 40 cu. ft. See freight ton

            above.

            ee displacement tonnage

            metric ton or tonne 1000 kg (2204.62 lb avoirdu- |

            pois).

            net ton see short ton below.

            register ton see vessel ton below.

            shipping ton see freight ton above.

            short ton 1000 lb avoirdupois (907.18 kg), in
            common use in U.S.A. Syn. U.S. ton; net ton;
            American ton. Abbr. s.t.

            U.K. ton see long ton above.

            U.S. tom see short ton above.

            vessel ton 100 cu. ft. (2.83 cu. m), used for
            calculating the gross tonnage of a ship on
            which pilotage, dry-dock and other dues are
            based. Syn. volumetric ton: register ton.
            volumetric ton see vessel ton above.

            weight ton see long ton above.

            ton mile TRANSPT. a unit of measurement of

            goods transported, one ton of goods moved one
            mile. Abbr. T.M. The metric equivalent is the
            tonne kilometre.

            tonnage sHipc. (1) the total weight of all the

            _ belonging (a) to a particular country, or
            - to a given class of ship, e.g. tanker tonnage.
            so tunnage, (2) the Carrying-capacity or vol-

            “Me€ of a ship, expressed int in varvi
            ways, See below ons, but in varying
            ca
            eae a method of expressing the cubic

            y Of a ship either as a weight ton (2240

            to

            to


            top-hat pension - 507

            lb in Britain, 2000 lb in U.S.A.) orasa measure-

            ment ton, usu. 40 cu. ft.
            deadweight tonnage the number of tons (of 2240

            Ib) of cargo, stores and fuel that a ship can
            carry when floating at load-line level. Syn.
            deadweight carrying-capacity. Cf. lightweight
            tonnage. Abbr. d.w.t. |
            displacement tonnage the weight in tons of.
            water which a ship displaces (pushes aside)
            when floating, thus being the actual weight of
            the ship and everything in her. It is used as a
            measure of size, esp. of warships. One displace-
            ment ton is the weight of 35 cu. ft. (0.99109 m*)
            of water.
            gross register tonnage a measure in tons of the
            capacity (volume of space) of a ship below
            the upper deck, calculated in cubic feet and
            divided by 100. Cf. net register tonnage. Syn.
            register tonnage; gross tonnage. Abdr. g.r.t.;
            ro.t.; G.R.T.
            lightweight tonnage the weight of the hull,
            machinery and equipment of a ship, without
            any cargo, fuel or stores. Cf. deadweight ton-
            nage. {|
            net register tonnage the gross register tonnage
            after allowing for space used up by machinery,
            fuel, stores and living accommodation for crew
            and passengers. The gross and net register
            tonnages are recorded on the ship’s certificate
            of registration. Most charges, such as port and
            harbour dues, light and buoyage dues, towage,
            etc. are based on net register tonnage. Cf. gross
            register tonnage. Syn. register tonnage; net
            tonnage. Abbr. n.r.t.; N.R.T.
            register tonnage the tonnage of a ship as re-
            corded in her certificate of registration which
            shows both her gross and her net register tonna-
            ges.
            under-deck tonnage a measure of the capacity
            (volume of space) of a ship below the main
            deck, calculated in cubic feet and divided by
            100. Cf. gross register tonnage.
            nnage dues sHIPG. charges based usu. on the
            net register tonnage of a ship, payable by a
            shipowner for the services provided when a
            ship enters or leaves a port or passes through
            a canal. |
            nnage slip sHIPG. a note giving details of
            tonnage dues payable by a ship and forming
            one of the papers which have to be cleared by
            Customs before the ship can leave port.
            nne the metric ton, 1000 kg (2204.62 Ib avoir-
            dupois or 0.984 long ton).
            nneau the former name of the tonne.
            nne kilometre TRANsPT. a unit of measure-
            ment of goods transported: one tonne of goods
            moved one kilometre. Cf. ton mile. Abbr. tk.
            ns burden see burden (3).
            0.0. to order only.
            Ol see machine-tool.
            p-hat pension MAN. an extra pension over


            BES Fer ss,
            Pte t. ~
            ca


                evince -p 519 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            508 - top-nat policy
            pension, provided for the
            the chief eS and
            miployee
            directors of a company. te Sanat
            ‘ves up part of his salary; tor en
            a ive up £1000 a year salary to buy an .
            ae retirement of perh. £1500 a year.

            and above a normal
            high employees, SP.

            ension on : , =
            The amount of pension bought will depend
            ae & MAN. an endowment

            top-hat policy INSCE.
            policy on the life of a

            highly-paid employee to
            provide him with an extra pension O

            n retire-

            ment.
            top management see under management.

            tort LAW (1) a failure to perform a general duty
            which every citizen owes to his fellow citizens,
            such as to avoid causing them personal harm
            or damaging their property. (2) any civil wrong
            except one relating to a contract.
            tortfeasor LAW a person who commits a tort,
            i.e. does a civil wrong or fails to perform a
            civil duty. When two or more persons are
            concerned in a tort, they are called joint tort-
            feasors.
            toss-up (1) a way of deciding a question by
            chance, by throwing a coin into the air to see
            which side is uppermost when it has fallen. (2)
            an even chance, one way or the other; a doubt-
            ful venture, because of the uncertain result.
            tot. total.
            tot acctTs. (collog.) to total, esp. a column of
            figures; to add (figures) up or together: You
            must tot up your expenses at the end of each day.
            Syn. to cast.
            total account see control account.
            total cost see under cost.
            total distribution see final dividend under divi-
            dend (7).
            totalizator an apparatus on a race-course for
            recording in detail the amount of money placed
            as bets on a horse or dog race, and for calculat-
            ing, after the race has been run, the amount of
            money to be paid to those persons who have
            made winning bets. A/so the tote.
            total loss INSCE. a loss in which the goods or
            articles insured are completely destroyed or are
            so badly damaged as to be beyond repair. See
            average (4). Abbr. T.L.; t.l.; T/L.
            actual total loss see separate entry.
            constructive total loss see separate entry.
            total quality MAN. (in manufacturing) making
            sure that materials and parts made in the
            factory or ordered from suppliers are all of
            perfect quality, i.e. completely free of faults
            Syn. quality control. Abbr. T.Q.
            tote see totalizator.
            totting COM. sorting through household waste
            and selling anything that can be Saved.
            rane: Ewe to borrow or beg money from
            — _ a vaded me to give him, or to lend
            » £2). Oyn. to cadge.

            om whom it is easy to borrow

            n. (1) a person fr soft touch. (2) the money thus

            or beg money: 4

            ined. :
            ok SHIPG. to stop at; to call at: The ship

            will touch at Malta on its way from Marseilles

            <a ae health see suspected or touch-
            ed bill of health under bill of health.

            tourism TOUR. the occupation or industry of
            organizing tours and holidays and providing
            services for tourists, esp. of making arrange-
            ments for their transport, accommodation,

            afety.

            a ee a sion who tours, makes tours,
            travels, esp. if he does so for pleasure, and in
            a country other than his own. 3

            tourist class TOUR. second class, usu. in a plane
            or ship. eri

            ist visa see under visa. |
            eee (1) a person who goes about asking
            strangers to buy, usu. something that is scarce
            and that commands a high price. (2) a travel-
            ling salesman who uses excessive persuasion or
            annoying methods to sell his goods.
            a ticket tout a tout who buys tickets early for
            a show in a theatre, or for a sporting event,
            and sells them at a big profit to late buyers.
            v. (1) to go about selling, usu. using excessive
            or dishonest persuasion. (2) to act as a tout.
            tOW SHIPG. & TRANSPT. to pull a vehicle along by
            means of a rope or chain (a tow-rope or tow-
            line). To be on/in/under tow, in the process of
            being towed.

            towage SHIPG. (1) the act of towing or of being
            towed. (2) the charge paid by a shipowner for
            his ship to be towed.

            tower SHIPG. a person or organization specializ-
            ing in the work of towing ships.

            township (1) a small town. (2) in North Amer-
            ica and Australia, an area of land containing
            a number of towns and villages under the same
            local authority. (3) in South Africa, a town or
            part of a town reserved for black Africans to
            live in.

            t.& p. theft and pilferage.

            T.P. third party.

            T.Q. total quality

            t.q., t/q, T.Q. tel quel (rate of exchange).

            T.R. tons register

            track record MAN. the way in which a person
            of organization has performed, esp. the amount
            of success obtained in some particular activity:
            Before joining our board, he had a good track
            record as a company secretary.

            tractor AGR. & TRANSPT. a motor vehicle spe-
            cially made for use in pulling another vehicle,
            ao a trailer, or farm machinery, such as a

            tradable instruments FIN,
            ments that can be easily tra
            bought, in the money market:

            a

            financial instru-

            ded, i.e., sold or
            such instruments


                evince -p 520 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &


            Trade and Indu:

            issued by large companies to replace
            — Am tradeable See securitization.
            table security.

            <— = hae business of buying and _
            oods for money, or of exchanging goods for
            E oods: Britain is increasing her trade with the
            as pork _ The balance of trade. Trade is boom-
            ing, is very good. To engage in trade. Barter is
            trade without using money. In the course of trade.
            Syn. commerce. (2) the persons and organiza-
            tions carrying on business in the same kind
            of commodity: The book/clothing/grocery trade.
            The slave trade. (3) IND. an occupation or
            employment needing a high degree of skill,
            esp. with the hands; a craft: The trade of
            boilermaker/plumber/carpenter.

            barter trade see barter.

            bilateral trade trade between two or more coun-
            tries which have agreed that each country shall
            balance the import and export trade that it
            does with each other country. See bilateral
            trade agreements. Cf. multilateral trade.
            domestic trade trade between a buyer and a
            seller who are both in the same country, as
            opposed to foreign trade. Syn. home trade.
            entrepot trade trade that is based on re-export-
            ing. See entrepot. Syn. transit trade.

            export trade selling goods to customers in for-
            eign countries.

            external trade (a) trade with foreign countries.
            Syn. foreign trade; international trade. (6) see
            separate entry.

            fair trade see separate entry.

            foreign trade see international trade.

            free trade see separate entry.

            home trade (a) CoM. trade within one country,
            as opposed to foreign trade. (6) SHIPG. voyages
            made by ships to ports within a certain area
            round the British Isles, including ports in the
            United Kingdom and Ireland, and all conti-
            nental ports between Brest in France, and the
            River Elbe in Germany. A home-trade ship.
            import trade buying goods from suppliers in
            foreign countries. |
            international trade see separate entry.
            multilateral trade trade between countries
            which have agreed that there shall be perfect
            freedom of trade between them, with no
            quotas, customs duties, exchange controls or
            other hindrances. Cf. bilateral trade.
            overseas trade see international trade.
            rag trade see separate entry.
            retail trade see retail.
            Slave trade see separate entry.
            tramp trade SHIPG. tramp ships collectively, as
            opposed to liners.
            transit trade see entrepét trade.
            triangular trade a situation where three coun-
            me keep a balance of trade between them-
            elves.

            trilateral trade see triangular trade above.



            stry, Department of (D.T.I.) - 509

            wholesale trade trade between one trader and
            another trader, not between a trader and a
            consumer.
            v. (1) COM. to buy and sell or to exchange goods
            for goods. (2) COM. to carry on a business of
            buying and selling: That company is no longer
            trading, has stopped/closed its business. See
            also trading. (3) STK. EXCH. to be bought and
            sold on the exchange: Over a million shares were
            traded during the day.
            trade at (1) COM. to buy goods regularly at a
            particular shop: We trade at Harrods. Syn. to
            trade with. (2) STK. EXCH. to be bought and
            sold at a stated price: Our shares were traded
            at 10Ip.
            trade down (1) COM. to exchange an article for
            another of less value. (2) STK. EXCH. to suffer a
            falling price during market trading: Shares of
            company X were traded down to 505p before the
            close. Opp. to trade up.
            trade for COM. to exchange one article or com-
            modity for another: New Zealand trades meat
            for oil.
            trade in COM. (1) to deal in: We trade in men’s
            clothing. (2) to give something in part ex-
            change: She traded her old sewing machine in
            (as part payment) for a new one. Syn. (mainly
            U.S.A.) to trade up. See exchange, n. (1).
            trade off MAN. (colloq.) to exchange (one thing)
            for another, esp. as part of a private arrange-
            ment: The company agreed with the Union to
            trade off a pay increase for higher productivity
            by the workers.
            trade on to make unfair use of; to take unjust
            advantage of: The buyer traded on my lack of
            experience. Syn. trade upon.
            trade up (1) COM. to exchange an article for
            another of greater value. (2) STK. EXCH. to have
            a rising price during market trading : Our shares
            traded up ten cents before falling back. Opp. to
            trade down.
            trade with CoM. to do business with, usu. regu-
            larly: We have traded with Jones & Co. jor many
            years. Yo make an exchange of one thing for
            another.

            tradeable (of a commodity, currency or security)
            suitable for trading; easily sold: Futures options
            are readily tradeable (can easily be sold) in the
            market. Syn. marketable. Also tradable.

            rade acceptance see trade bill under bill of
            exchange.

            rade agreement see commercial treaty; bi-
            lateral trade agreements; multilateral trade
            agreement.

            lrade and Industry, Department of
            (D.T.I.) Com. & IND. in Britain, the govern-
            ment department responsible for deciding pol-
            icy for: international trade, esp. support for
            exporters; industry generally, including help to
            needy regions, small firms and public bodies:


                evince -p 521 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &


            510 - trade association

            iti and consumer protection, fair

            ae ts and measures, monopolies

            d mergers, research and development "
            a a technology; and also responsible
            ae : deniniatration of company laws, the
            — of surance frms including Lloyd S,
            ae ; a trade-marks, and the compilation
            Pe i publication of statistics relating to trade
            and industry.

            trade association MA
            ducers and dealers in


            comp |
            trading; weigh

            “. an association of pro-
            the same trade, formed
            for the purpose of protecting and developing
            the interests of its members, and to represent
            them, e.g. in negotiations with the government,
            or with trade unions, or with other trade associ-
            ations. See employers’ organizations. Syn. trad-
            ing association; trade organization.
            trade balance see balance of trade.
            trade barrier see barrier to trade; also trade
            restrictions.
            trade bill see under bill of exchange.
            trade, chamber of see chamber of trade.
            trade commissioner COM. an important
            official in charge of a department of a British
            High Commission (see High Commissioner),
            whose main duty is to help British businessmen
            to trade with the country in which he Is sta-
            tioned. He reports on trading conditions, cur-
            rency and tax laws, import and export
            licensing, competition, opportunities for ten-
            dering for contracts, the chances of setting up
            new industries, and on all matters affecting
            trade with Britain.
            trade counter Com. a department of a whole-
            saler’s office or warehouse where retail traders
            may buy goods over the counter.
            trade creditor see under creditor.
            trade cycle see under cycle.
            trade debtor see under debtor.
            trade deficit see trade gap; balance of payments
            deficit under deficit.
            trade description COM. & LAW a description
            of merchandise for the purpose of attracting
            buyers. In Britain it is an offence to make a
            false or misleading description of goods offered
            for sale.
            trade directory see classified directory under
            directory.
            trade discount see under discount.
            trade discrimination see discrimination.
            trade dispute see dispute.
            traded option (market) see traded option
            under option.
            trade fair see fair, n. (2).
            trade fluctuations see fluctuations; trade cycle
            under cycle.
            — ECON. _ FIN. an excess of visible
            ports over visible exports
            tsadiodohiads ports of a country. Syn.
            trade in v. com. (1) to deal in. (2) to give

            h; art-exchange. Syn. trade y
            keke. See exchange, n. (1). :
            cravat com n. goods given in part-exchange,
            trade-in value adj. the amount which a supplier
            will allow a buyer for an article given in part.
            exchange. |
            trade, international see international trade,
            trade investment ACCTS. & FIN. words used jp,
            accounting, esp. in a balance sheet, for ap
            investment by one company in the shares of
            another company in the same trade, perh. ever,
            in the same group, for the purpose of increasing
            or helping the business of the investing com-
            pany. | |
            trade-mark LAW & COM. a special mark that
            is placed on a particular brand of article or
            commodity to distinguish it from similar goods
            sold by other producers. In Britain, new trade-
            marks must first be approved by a government
            department and, if approved, they are regis-
            tered at the Patent Office. A registered trade-
            mark becomes the property of the person or
            organization in whose name it is registered,
            and no other producer may use it without the
            owner’s permission. If the trade-mark consists
            only of a name, it is called a registered trade-
            name. Also trademark; tradename.
            trade marketing ADVTG. a marketing effort
            which aims at organizations, esp. distributors,
            rather than at the end user. See also push
            strategy.
            trade mission CoM. a group of officials and
            businessmen sent by a government to a foreign
            country to discuss an agreement to increase
            trade between the two countries.
            trade-name see trade-mark.
            trade negotiations see negotiations under
            negotiation.
            trade-off COM. & IND. REL. an exchange, esp.
            in bargaining, when something is given and
            something is received, mainly in order to reach
            an agreement. Also tradeoff.
            trade on v. to make unfair use of; to take unjust
            advantage of.
            trade organization see trade association.
            trade paper see trade bill under bill of exchange.
            Cf. bank paper.
            trade price see wholesale price under price.
            trade protection society see debt collection
            agency.
            trader (1) CoM. a person whose occupation is to
            buy and sell goods with his own money and
            for his own profit; a merchant. (2) SHIPG. a
            merchant ship, esp. a tramp ship.
            free-trader see separate entry.
            share trader TAXN. a person who sells shares
            less than a year after buying them, thus in
            some countries having to pay tax on any capital
            gain made from the sale.
            sole trader a trader who owns his own business,
            manages its affairs, provides the capital, and


            _ a

            —

                evince -p 522 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            i Uaom i a. (cull Me eMac

            bears all the risk.
            street-trader see hawker.
            | trade reference see reference (2). |

            trade representative CoM. a commercial trav-
            eller. ;

            trade restrictions COM. & FIN. (1) various forms
            of bars to freedom, esp. of international trade,
            such as: the prohibition (forbidding) of imports
            and exports of certain goods; the placing of
            quotas limiting amounts that may be imported
            or exported; tariffs (customs duties) and ex-
            change controls limiting the movement of
            money. (2) government action limiting pro-
            duction, consumption, credit, prices, wages,
            investment, etc.

            trade route COM. & TRANSPT. a route on land or
            sea along which much merchandise is regularly
            transported: The Suez Canal is on the trade
            route to India.

            trade sale Com. a sale made to somebody in the
            same trade as the seller, not to a consumer.

            trade sanctions see sanctions, economic.

            trade secretary in Britain, the short name for
            the Secretary of State for Trade and Industry,

            a high government minister in charge of the
            Department of Trade and Industry.

            trade show see fair.

            tradesman (1) CoM. a shopkeeper, esp. one who
            delivers goods to private houses. (2) IND. a
            craftsman; a man who has a special skill with
            his hands, esp. in the army, navy or air force.

            tradespeople com. shopkeepers collectively,
            and their families. Syn. tradesfolk.

            Trades Union Congress (T.U.C.) IND. REL.

            the central policy-making organization to
            which most British trade unions are affiliated.
            It acts as the representative of the workers in 1
            negotiating with the government and with the
            Confederation of British Industry (C.B.I.). The
            T.U.C. also sometimes settles disputes between
            its member unions.

            trade terms com. (1) the expressions and
            abbreviations used in foreign-trade contracts,
            such as f.o.b. See Incoterms. (2) the discount
            and payment terms normally allowed by a
            wholesaler to retailers. See under term.

            trade union IND. REL. an association of
            employees who have permanently combined to
            improve their wages, hours and conditions of
            employment by means of collective bargaining.
            It also performs other activities in the interest
            of its members. Syn. (U.S.A:) labor union.
            Abbr. T.U.
            company union see separate entry.
            craft union a trade union, usu. a small union of
            skilled workers. Cf. industrial union.
            general union see industrial union below.
            house union see company union.
            industrial union a trade union whose members
            all work in the same industry.Such unionstend
            to be large and to have a high proportion of

            tl anh ak COU

            ail ob ah gab

            eh ab

            eer
            traffic - 511

            unskilled workers. Cf. craft union. Syn. general
            union.
            labor union (U.S.A.) a trade union.

            trade union contributions IND. REL. the
            money that a member of a trade union regularly
            pays to his union; by agreement, the sum is
            often deducted by the employer from wages or
            salary and is paid to the union after each pay
            day. Syn. union dues.

            trade unionism IND. REL (1) the system of
            organizing employees into trade unions. (2) a
            movement that supports this system.
            compulsory (trade) unionism the situation that
            exists in a closed shop, i.e. where an employer
            may not employ a worker unless that worker
            is a member of a trade union.
            voluntary (trade) unionism the situation that
            exists in an open shop, i.e. where a worker
            may be employed without his having to be a
            member of a trade union.

            trade unionist IND. REL. a member of a trade
            union.

            trade up see trade (v.)

            trade winds sHIPG. winds that blow steadily in
            the same direction for most of the year over
            the oceans, in a belt about 30° north and south
            of the equator; they blow from the north-east
            in the northern hemisphere and from the south-
            east in the southern hemisphere.

            trading STK. EXCH. (1) the business of buying
            and selling securities. (2) the amount of busi-
            ness done in a certain period: Trading was
            active/dull throughout the day.
            insider trading see separate entry.
            instalment trading see separate entry.
            wrongful trading see under wrongful.

            trading account ACCTS. an accounting sum-
            mary prepared for the purpose of calculating
            the gross profit of a business, i.e. the amount
            by which the value of sales is greater than the
            cost of goods sold. The balance in the trading
            account is carried to the profit and loss account
            and the two together form the trading and profit
            and loss account. Sometimes it happens that the
            cost of the goods sold is greater than the value
            of sales, resulting in a gross loss.

            rading association see trade association.

            rading capital see under capital.

            rading currency see under currency.

            rading estate see estate (3).

            frading, Office of Fair see Office of Fair
            Trading.

            rading partnership see under partnership.

            rading profit see gross profit under profit.

            rading stamp see under stamp.

            ‘rading Standards Department see Office of
            Fair Trading.

            rading station see factory (2).

            rading stock see stock-in-trade.

            raffic (1) the transport of passengers and goods
            by railway, road, water or air: Railway goods



                evince -p 523 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &


            512 - traffic census

            assenger coach traffic. (2) the ee
            f people, vehicles, shipping, planes, etc. s
            arte . en places: Heavy lorry traffic on

            traffic, P

            lace or betwe : | }
            ihe motorway. increasing air traffic at London

            : c in the Suez Canal/Straits of
            Dover A tafe accident. (3) COM. the buying
            and selling of goods, esp. trade in forbidden
            sopnmodities : Traffic in drugs/arms/staves.

            », to trade, esp. to buy, sell and transport
            articles or commodities forbidden by law: To
            traffic in arms/drugs. Past tense, trafficked ; pre-
            sent participle, trafficking.
            traffic census see under census.
            traffic lights TRANSPT. electric lights, coloured
            green, amber (yellow) and red, that automati-
            cally control traffic at crossroads and ped-
            estrian crossings.
            traffic warden TRANSPT. in Britain, an official
            who controls road traffic; esp. the parking of
            vehicles, in the streets of a town.
            trailer (1) TRANSPT. a road vehicle intended to
            be drawn by another road vehicle. Cf. tractor.
            (2) (U.S.A.) a caravan. (3) ADVTG. a very short
            piece of film, shown to advertise the film it
            comes from.
            trailer park (U.S.A.) see caravan site.
            train v. (1) to teach somebody a skill, occupation
            or profession: His job is to train apprentices/
            engineers/computer programmers. A_ trained
            nurse/mechanic. (2) with as, to be taught, to
            learn, a skill, etc.: J trained as a pilot/teacher.
            n. TRANSPT. (1) a connected string of railway
            wagons or carriages pulled by a locomotive.
            (2) a string of pack-animals or carts Carrying
            goods: A baggage/supply/mule/ox train.
            advanced passenger train see separate entry.
            bullet train see separate entry.
            down train a train travelling in a direction away
            from the capital of the country. Opp. up train.
            express train a fast passenger or goods train.
            freight train a goods train.
            goods train see goods (3).
            mail train a very fast passenger train that regu-
            larly carries mail over long distances.
            passenger train see passenger.
            up train a train travelling in a direction towards
            the capital of the country. Opp. down train.
            trainee MAN. a person, esp. an employee, who
            is being trained to do work that needs some
            special knowledge or skill. An industrial/
            executive/graduate trainee. A trainee editor/|
            book-keeper.
            train ferry see under ferry.
            training the act or process of training or of
            oan trained: Management training. See train
            v. (1).
            training board IND. & MAN. in Britain, a govern-
            ment organization set up in each important
            industry to supervise and administer the train-
            ing of workers, including managers, in the
            industry. Each board has power to collect


            money, called a training levy, from
            employers in the industry, and to speng it 6
            training courses provided by the board itself ,
            by certain specially-chosen firms. The boar ;
            consist of representatives of the employers nf
            of trade unions, and include some Education.
            ists, and each board has its own staff of Paid
            officials and clerks. Abbr. T.B.

            training ship SHIPG. a special ship use for
            training boys to be seamen.

            train mile TRANSPT. a unit of measurement of
            railway trafic: the movement of one train
            along one mile. The total of train miles ryp by
            a railway is a measure of its size, and the prof;
            per train mile is a measure of its profitability
            or efficiency. A/so train kilometre.

            tram see tramcar under car.

            tramcar see under car.

            tramp (1) a homeless person, esp. one who pre-
            fers to wander alone from place to place, some-
            times doing a little work but usu. very poor.
            Syn. vagrant; (U.S.A.) a prostitute. (2) sup.
            a tramp ship, see under ship.

            tramp trade see under trade.

            tramway see tramcar under car.

            tranche FIN. (French, slice) (1) a part of a sum
            of money, such as a loan or payment, e.g. the
            gold tranche, that part of a country’s I.M.F.
            quota that had once to be paid in gold. (2) an
            instalment.

            trans- a prefix meaning across, beyond, over:
            The Trans-Siberian Railway, the railway that
            crosses Siberia. A transatlantic liner/flight/cable,
            one that crosses the Atlantic Ocean. Similarly,
            transpacific ; transcontinental ; trans-Europe.

            transact (1) to attend to; to settle: Business to
            be transacted at a meeting. (2) to negotiate; to
            reach agreement on: To transact a sale/
            purchase/bargain/loan. (3) to deal (in business)
            with; to do (business) with: We transact busi-
            ness with many foreign governments. (4) to man-
            age, deal with, business matters: Solicitors
            transact affairs/business for their clients.

            transaction (1) com. the act or process of trans-
            acting business affairs: Banks are open for the
            transaction of business from 09.30 hrs. to 15.30
            hrs. from Mondays to Fridays. (2) BKG. a single
            entry crediting or debiting a customer's
            account: Bank charges are based partl ly on the
            number of transactions made in a month. (3)
            ACCTS. a single business deal, esp. a sale or
            purchase, by the business. Every invoice
            received or issued represents a transaction that
            must be entered in the account books.
            bear transaction sTK. EXCH. a deal by a bear,
            1.€. a dealer who, expecting prices to fall, prom-
            ises to deliver at a fixed price on a future date
            securities which he does not at present possess
            but which he hopes to buy at a lower price
            before that date. Cf. bull transaction below.
            bogus transaction see under bogus.


                evince -p 524 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            Ee 3

            bull transaction STK. EXCH a deal by a bull, i.e.
            a dealer who, expecting prices to rise, promises
            to accept delivery at a fixed price on a future
            date, of securities which he hopes to sell at a
            profit before he has to pay for them. Cf. bear
            transaction above. |

            transaction risk FIN. the effect on a company's
            cash flow of short-term changes in exchange
            rates of currencies in which it is dealing, 1.e.
            currency risk involved in current transactions.
            Cf. economic risk.

            Transactions Equation see Fisher Equation.

            transactions tax see sales tax (b) under tax.

            transactions velocity see under velocity of
            circulation.

            transceiver COMP. a computer terminal that can
            send and receive signals from a telecommuni-
            cations system. See a/so transponder.

            transcontainer see under container.

            transcribe v. (1) to make a written copy: Jo
            transcribe a report. (2) to write down what has
            been said by a speaker: To transcribe a speech.
            transcript n. a copy; a written record of what
            has been spoken.
            transcription n. the act of transcribing; a tran-
            script.

            transfer n. (1) LAW (a) the passing of a right of
            ownership from one person or organization to
            another, by an intentional act by a transferor
            as a Sale or gift, or as a result of the operation
            of law, such as bankruptcy or intestacy. (d)
            a document recording or authorizing such a
            change of ownership. (2) STK. EXCH. see transfer
            of securities. (3) TRANSPT. a planned change
            from one passenger vehicle or route to another.
            Transfer ticket, a ticket issued on one bus or
            railway route which allows a passenger to
            change, at some point on his journey, to
            another route without further payment. (4)
            BKG. the movement of money from one person
            or group of persons to another, or from one
            place or country to another. (5) IND. a means
            of applying lettering or designs to a product by
            heating, wetting, rubbing or pressing on it a
            paper or plastic surface on which the design
            has been previously printed. Abbr. trs.
            airmail transfer BKG. see mail transfer below.
            bank transfer BKG. see separate entry.
            blank transfer STK. EXCH. see separate entry.
            cable transfer BKG. see telegraphic transfer.
            certificate of transfer STK. EXCH. see transfer
            certificate.
            certified transfer STK. EXCH. a transfer for which
            a company has issued a certificate of transfer.
            deed of transfer STK. EXCH. see separate entry.
            instrument of transfer STK. EXCH. see deed of
            transfer.
            mail transfer BKG. a bank transfer made by
            mail, esp. airmail, as opposed to a telegraphic
            or cable transfer. Abbr. M.T.
            stock transfer sTK, EXCH. in Britain, a form

            tr

            ———
            oo

            transfer of securities - 513

            approved by law for making transfers of stocks
            and shares as simple as possible. The form
            need give only the name and address of the
            transferee and needs to be signed only by the
            transferor. Cf. deed of transfer.

            telegraphic transfer BKG. see separate entry.

            v. to pass from one person, place, state or
            condition to another. Smith transferred his
            shares to Jones. We are transferring our business
            from Cairo to Alexandria.

            ‘ansferable able to be transferred from one
            person to another, or from one place to another.
            Not transferable, printed on a railway ticket,
            means that it may be used only by the person
            to whom it is issued, and that that person must
            not transfer it for use by another person.

            ‘ansferable bond see under bond, n.

            ansfer agent see registrar (3).

            ‘ansfer cases storage cases, made of paper or
            cardboard, into which old records or papers
            not often referred to are transferred from the
            current filing system. A/so transfer files; trans-
            fer boxes.

            ‘ansfer certificate STK. EXCH. a document
            issued by a company declaring that a transfer
            of ownership of some of its stock or shares
            has been registered in the company’s books.
            Transfer certificates are issued only by those
            companies that do not issue fresh stock or
            share certificates when a transfer takes place.
            The transfer certificate must be kept by the
            new owner (the transferee) with the original
            certificate.

            ‘ansfer deed see deed of transfer.

            ‘ansfer duty TAXN. & STK. EXCH. in Britain,
            the duty that must be paid to the government
            on all transfers of securities except on gilt-
            edged stocks, new issues, and debentures. It is
            payable by the buyer of the securities, in
            addition to the contract stamp and the broker’s
            commission, and must be paid to a government
            stamp office within 30 days of the date of the
            transfer. When paid, the stamp office impresses
            a stamp on the transfer document. See transfer
            stamp. Syn. stamp duty; (U.S.A.) transfer tax.

            ransfer earnings see opportunity cost under
            cost.

            ransferee (1) a person or organization to whom
            something, €.g. property or a right, is trans-
            ferred. (2) a person who is transferred from
            one place or job to another.

            ransfer fee STK. EXCH. a small fee which a
            company, under its Articles of Association.
            may charge for registering a transfer of stock
            or shares. It is so small that most companies
            do not trouble to collect it.

            ransfer income see under income.

            ransfer of securities sTK. EXCH. (1) the pass-
            ing of the rights of ownership of stock and
            Shares from one person or organization to
            another, (2) the legal and administrative for-




                evince -p 525 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &



            514 - transferor ae
            ake a transfer elec ive.
            gualition OR ford were once det ae
            _ Sa since 1963 a simpler method 1s ee
            et called the stock transfer form, W
            ae) . be signed only by the rant is
            wenstarak LAW a person who transfers, 1.€.

            ves. to another person some right or property.
            gives,
            onda G. & COM. an order signed by

            er order BK
            ie 0h toa warehouse-keeper to transfer goods
            ae in the bank’s name to a stated customer Ss

            venntar passenger TRANSPT. a passenger a
            changes at an airport from one airline °
            another on a journey. Cf, transit passenger,
            joining passenger.

            cue aan see transfer income under
            income.

            transfer price see under price. |

            transfer receipt sTK. EXCH. a receipt given by
            a company when a stock or share transfer 1s
            sent to it for registration. The receipt is later
            exchanged for a new share certificate which
            may take some time to prepare.

            transfer register see under register.

            transfer stamp TAXN. & STK. EXCH. in Britain,
            the impressed stamp applied by the govern-
            ment stamp office on the document relating to
            a transfer of securities, acknowledging pay-
            ment of the stamp duty. See transfer duty.

            tranship see trans-ship.

            transhumance aGrR. the seasonal moving of
            sheep, cattle, etc. between summer and winter
            feeding grounds.

            transient TOUR. passing through; staying only
            for a short time: A transient visitor/guest.

            transire SHIPG. a document signed by a customs
            officer allowing a coasting ship (one not visiting
            foreign ports) to load her cargo and to leave
            port. The document is handed by the master
            of the ship to the Customs at the port of arrival
            to prove that the cargo has come from a home

            port, not a foreign port.

            transit (Latin, it passes across or through) a
            passing; a state of movement from one place
            to another: Goods in transit, goods in the course
            of being carried from one place to another.
            Sea/air transit, a journey by sea or air.

            transit entry see under customs entry.

            transitory income see under income.

            transit passenger TRANSPT. a passenger who
            passes through an airport without changing
            airlines or planes. Cf. transfer passenger; join-
            ing passenger.

            transit shed a shed in which goods in transit
            are stored.

            transit trade see entrepét trade under trade;
            also entrepdt.

            transitu see stoppage in transitu.

            transit visa see under visa.

            translation Fin. the conversion of overseas

            assets and liabilities into a company’s domestic
            cy. .

            on dae bureau a business that offers ;
            service for translating documents from op,
            language to another. |

            translation risk FIN. the risk that translatioy,
            of currencies will lose money because of chap.
            ges in exchange rates.

            translator (1) a person who translates, ysy
            written matter, but sometimes spoken, fron,
            one language into another. Cf. interpreter, (2)
            CoMP. a device which changes a source Jap.
            guage into an object language (usu. an assembly
            language into machine code). |

            transmit v. (1) to send or pass something from
            one person, thing or place to another: To trans-
            mit a message/information/mail. Syn. to convey.
            (2) to send out by si gnals, to broadcast by radio,

            etc. eae
            transmitter n. an apparatus for transmitting by

            radio.
            transmission (a) the act of transmitting. (5)
            matter that is transmitted or broadcast.

            transponder comp. a transceiver that sends
            radio or radar signals when made to do so by
            radio or satellite commands.

            transport 7. TRANSPT. (1) the act of carrying
            persons or goods from one place to another:
            Transport is the life-blood of commerce. Transport
            by air/sea/rail/road. The best method/means of
            transport. A system of transport. Surface trans-
            port, on the ground or on the sea, as opposed
            to air transport. (2) vehicles and other means
            generally, for carrying persons or things: Motor
            transport, road vehicles. Also (esp. U.S.A.)
            transportation. Pron. transport. (3) SHIPG. a
            ship for carrying soldiers and their equipment,
            vehicles, etc.: A troop transport.
            v. to Carry persons or goods from one place to
            another. Pron. transport.

            transportation see transport (2).

            transport café a cheap restaurant on a main
            road where the customers are mostly drivers of
            goods vehicles travelling long distances.

            transporter TRANSPT. a large vehicle used for
            transporting other vehicles: A car transporter.

            trans-ship (1) SHIPG. to unload goods from one
            ship and load them at the same port into
            another. (2) TRANSPT. esp. in U.S.A.., to unload
            goods from one vehicle and load them on to
            another. Also transship; tranship.

            trans-shipment sHIPG. the act of unloading
            goods from one ship and loading them at the
            Same port on to another vessel. Also transship-
            ro transhipment. Syn. re-shipment. Addr.

            trans-shipment note see bond note.

            travel to move from place to place as a salesman
            to obtain orders: To travel in men’s clothing/
            sports goods/groceries.

            travel agency Com. & TRANSPT. a business that


                evince -p 526 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &


            tickets for journeys by land, sea or air,
            ges package holidays, hotel accommo-
            ance, visas, etc. in return for a

            booking-fees and other charges.
            | agent com. the owner or manager of a

            travel agency.

            sells
            arran
            dation, insur
            commission,

            trave

            traveler (U.S.A.) see traveller. |
            traveller a person who 1s travelling, or who

            frequently travels, from place to place. See
            commercial traveller. Also (U.S.A.) traveler.

            traveller's cheque see under cheque. Addr.

            AS.

            ravens letter of credit see under letter of
            credit.

            traveller’s policy see under insurance policy.

            travelling expenses see under expenses.

            travelling salesman see commercial traveller

            trawler SHIPG. a fishing vessel that uses a trawl,
            a net in the shape of a long bag with an open
            mouth, that 1s pulled along the bottom of the
            sea. Cf. drifter. Addr. trir.

            Treas. Treasury.

            treas. treasurer.

            treasurer an officer of an association, club,
            society or company who is responsible for tak-
            ing care of money. Abbr. treas.
            honorary treasurer an unpaid treasurer. Abbr.
            Hon. Treas.

            treasure trove LAW in Britain, money and
            objects made of precious metals found hidden
            in a private house or buried in the earth. Such
            objects belong by law to the crown and, when
            found, must be reported to a coroner. If they
            are of historical interest they are sent to the
            British Museum, which pays the finder some
            part of their value.

            treasury BKG. & FIN. the department of a bank
            or other organization that takes care of its
            cash, manages its finances, raises funds and
            makes investments as may be needed.

            Treasury FIN. in Britain, the government depart-
            ment responsible for the finances of the coun-
            try, the management of its monetary system,
            and the carrying out of the government’s eco-
            nomic policy. The Prime Minister, as First
            Lord of the Treasury, is its nominal chief, but
            in practice its real head is the Chancellor of
            the Exchequer. Abbr. Treas. )

            Treasury bill FIN. (1) in Britain, a bill similar
            in some ways to a commercial bill of exchange,
            issued by the Bank of England on the authority
            of the Treasury, promising to pay a stated
            person a fixed sum of money on a certain
            date, usu. three months from the day of issue.
            Treasury bills bear no interest and are therefore
            tendered for at a discount. They are bought by
            the discount market in units varying from
            £5000 to £100,000. Syn. finance bill. (2) in
            US.A.,a tax-free non-interest-bearing govern-
            ment security with a term of from 3 to 12
            months, issued with a minimum amount of


            trespass - 515

            $10,000. Abbr. T.B.; T-bill. Syn. government
            bill. :

            Treasury bond see under bond, n. Abbr. T-bond.

            Treasury directive see directive.

            treasury management FIN. the financial man-
            agement of a company’s international activi-
            ties, €.g. currency management. Multinational
            corporations often now regard their treasury
            department as a profit centre in its own right.

            Treasury note FIN. (1) see currency note. (2) in
            U.S.A. a medium-term government security
            issued at or near face value, maturing in one
            to ten years, interest being paid every six
            months by coupon. Abbr. T-note.

            Treasury stock FIN. & STK. EXCH. (1) long-dated
            stock issued by the British Government, such
            as Treasury 134%, 1997 stock. (2) in U.S.A. (a)
            stock of a corporation that has been bought
            back from the stockholders and is held for
            reissue at some future time. (5) stock that,
            although authorized for issue, has not been
            issued.

            Treasury warrant see under warrant.

            treat v. (1) to entertain a person or persons at
            one’s own expense: He treated us to a meal. Let
            me treat you to a drink/an ice-cream. (2) COM.
            to discuss how a bargain can be agreed: We are
            treating with a possible buyer. Syn. to bargain; to
            negotiate.

            n. (collog.) a special pleasure such as a good
            meal or entertainment.
            invitation to treat see offer (2).

            treaty (1) bargaining; an agreement reached by
            bargaining. (2) any formal agreement between
            two or more countries.
            commercial treaty a formal agreement between
            two or more countries relating to trade between
            them. Syn. treaty of commerce.
            private treaty any contract not made by auc-
            tion; a contract reached by personal bargaining
            between the parties. For sale by private treaty,
            of land, being offered for sale but not by auc-
            tion.

            treaty port see under port.

            treaty reinsurance see reinsurance under
            insurance, classes and kinds of.

            Tree. trustee.

            tree COMP. a computer network system in which
            a central computer controls levels of subordi-
            nate computers in a hierarchical system. Cf.
            bus; ring (2); star (2).

            (rend n. a tendency; a general direction: The
            trend of events is favourable to investment. Mar-
            ket trends. To buck the trend, see buck. Secular
            trend, see secular.

            v. to move in a general direction; to show a
            tendency: fashions are trending towards brighter
            colours.

            trendy (collog.) highly fashionable: in advance
            of the present fashion.

            iréspass LAW an unlawful act that causes harm


                evince -p 527 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            516 - trespasser a
            to land is unlawful Bre?”
            to others. Trespass 1 possession and enjoy>
            ference with the lega ana tully entering upon
            ment of land, such ee depositing things on
            ‘t and remaining on it - sepass to the person
            it without pene ne ee ean Hilence)
            consists of acts eet Trespass 10 go Adly
            and wrongful vaPE Bs otattersnce. with
            is wrongful removal ©, nversion
            roperty of another, such as co ee
            oe Dinu Remedies for trespass are a ti
            order for damages, or to return Pa
            gally held, or to stop the trespass from con
            oe ho is guilty of tres-
            trespasser LAW a person who Is g y
            pass to land. Force may, in Britain, be used to
            a reasonable degree to prevent a trespasser
            from entering, or from remaining on, land.
            trial balance accTs. a means of checking the
            correctness of a set of account books. All the
            debit balances are put in one column and all
            the credit balances in another. If the totals do
            not agree, a mistake has been made in adding,
            copying out, or posting. If the columns agree,
            the books can be considered free of this kind
            of mistake; but some mistakes are not un-
            covered by a trial balance. Abbr. T.B. See
            compensating error; reversal of entries; post-
            ing error under error.
            trials see acceptance trials under acceptance (2).
            triangular trade see under trade.
            tribal of or relating to a tribe: A tribal language/
            custom/area.
            tribunals Law in Britain, groups of specially-
            chosen persons given power by Parliament to
            decide appeals from the public against
            decisions made by officials under delegated
            powers (see delegated legislation), esp. where
            the citizen cannot appeal to the courts. There
            are also a number of private tribunals controll-
            ing the activities of members of some pro-
            fessions such as the Law Society for solicitors,
            and the General Medical Council for doctors.
            See also administrative tribunal.
            trickle irrigation see under irrigation.
            trilateral trade see triangular trade under trade.
            trim SHIPG. & TRANSPT. to attend to the balance
            of a ship or plane by seeing that its load is
            properly distributed and safely stowed
            (packed) so that it cannot move about.
            Trinity House sHIPG. in Britain, an ancient
            organization that is responsible for aids to
            navigation around the coasts of the British
            Isles. Trinity House looks after matters relating
            to lighthouses, lightships, buoys, beacons, pilot
            services and lifeboats. Most of its income
            comes from the light-dues paid by ships using
            the harbours in British waters.
            triplicate book a book usu. of blank forms,

            similar to a duplicate book but with the forms

            in sets of three. See duplicate book.
            trir. trawler.


            pT. an electric public-servic
            sho ai a motor bus but receiving
            its power from overhead wires. Cf. trolley-ca;
            “i ae (U.S.A.) any electric streetcar
            including a tramcar. Cf. trolley-bus. z
            tropic each of two parallels of latitude at 23 28
            N. (the Tropic of Cancer) and at 23° 28 S. (the
            Tropic of Capricorn) which form the limits of
            the hot belt of the earth called the tropics. |p
            this belt, the sun shines from exactly overhead
            at midday on at least two days in the year.
            tropical adj. of or relating to the tropics.
            troubled FIN. of a business, in financial trouble,
            esp. one in danger of becoming insolvent
            (unable to pay its debts).
            trouble shooter CoM. & IND. a person employed
            specially to discover and remedy the causes of
            trouble, such as inefficiency and delays, in
            production, distribution and accounting.
            trough see trade cycle under cycle.
            trove see treasure trove.
            trover see conversion.
            troy weight an ancient system of weights used
            (now rarely) in Britain and North America,
            etc. for precious metals. See table on page 546.
            trs. transfer; transpose; trustees.
            truck 7. Com. (1) dealing, esp. in trade: European
            merchants had truck with the Chinese in the
            thirteenth century. (2) goods exchanged for other
            goods, not for money. Syn. barter goods. (3)
            AGR. the produce of a market garden, esp.
            fruit and vegetables grown for sale as food for
            human beings. (4) TRANSPT. any vehicle on
            wheels for carrying goods, such as a railway
            truck (an open goods wagon), and an industrial
            truck (a fork-lift truck). In U.S.A., a lorry. (5)
            LAW the payment of wages in goods. See truck
            system.
            v. COM. (1) to have dealings with, esp. in trad-
            ing. (2) to trade by exchanging commodities.
            Syn. to barter. (3) to pay one’s employees in
            goods. See truck system. (4) TRANSPT. (U.S.A.)
            to carry by truck. See trucking.
            truckage TRANSPT. (1) the carriage of goods by
            truck. (2) the charge made for such Carriage.
            truck farm see truck (3); market garden.
            trucking (U.S.A.) (1) TRANSPT. the business of
            carrying goods by truck. Syn. road haulage. (2)
            AGR. market gardening.
            truck system LAW. & ECON. HIST. in Britain,
            the unfair practice of employers during the
            eighteenth and nineteenth centuries of paying
            their employees part of their wages in kind or

            in tokens which could be exchanged for goods
            only in a shop owned by the employer. This was
            usu. to the great disadvantage of the employee.
            The system was made illegal by a series of
            Truck Acts beginning in 1831, which com-
            manded that the whole of an employee’s wages
            must be paid in cash, or by cheque or money


                evince -p 528 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            or into his bank account, without any

            deductions unless they were a sf a

            or by agreement with the Spee tis . cea

            for an employer to control how the employee

            will spend any part of his earnings.

            ue cost of credit see finance rate.

            true discount BKG. & FIN. an amount represent-
            ing interest for a fixed period, rather than a
            discount. It is the amount that would be earned
            at a given rate of interest on a certain sum
            invested now to bring it up to a known sum
            payable at the end of a stated period. For
            example, £100 will be needed to settle a debt
            due one year from now, and the current rate
            of interest is 5%. £1 invested at 5% will, in one

            ear, become £1.05. £100 divided by £1.05 is

            £95.2381. This is the sum that, if invested
            now at 5% will become £100 a year from now
            (£95.2381 x 1.05 = £100). The true interest is
            the difference: 100 — 95.2381 = 4.7619. Cf.
            banker’s discount.

            true interest see true discount.

            true investment see under investment.

            true yield see under yield.

            trunk adj. of or relating to a main way along
            which persons or things move: A trunk road, a
            main road for use by vehicles travelling long
            distances. A trunk call, a long-distance tele-
            phone call, using a trunk line, a telephone line
            between exchanges a long distance apart.
            trunks p/. (collog.) that part of the telephone
            system that deals with trunk calls; a trunk
            telephone exchange: Give me/put me through
            to/connect me to trunks. See also subscriber
            trunk dialling. Syn. (U.S.A.) long distance.

            trunker TRANSPT. a long-distance road vehicle
            used in trunking. Cf. shunter.

            trunking TRANSPT. for the transport of goods,
            the running of long-distance road services con-
            necting a number of distribution depots, each
            serving a local area with collection and deliv-
            ery.

            truss see hay and straw measure.

            trust n. (1) faith in a person’s honesty and ability.
            He enjoys our trust, we have faith in him, we
            trust him. Mutual trust, a relationship between
            persons who trust each other. (2) STK. EXCH. an
            investment trust company, see under company.
            (3) ECON. & STK. EXCH. in U.S.A., a monopol-
            istic combination of business corporations car-
            ried out by transferring the shares to a trust in
            return for trust certificates. This system gave
            the trustees very great commercial and indus-
            trial power, and was made illegal under the
            Sherman Anti-Trust Act of 1890 and later laws.
            (4) a general, often disrespectful, name for any
            large business organization which is so big that
            it 1s in a position of partial or total monopoly.
            (5) Law a formal responsibility, usu. expressed
            in a document called a trust deed or trust
            instrument, placed on one or more persons cal-

            order,

            tr


            trust - 517

            led trustees, to take charge of and to manage
            land, money or other property for the benefit
            of a person or object called the beneficiary, of
            whom there may be several. The person caus-
            ing the trust to be formed is called the donor
            or settlor or, in the case of a will, the testator.
            To create a trust, to cause a trust to exist, to
            form it. To hold money, etc. in/on trust. To accept
            a trust, to agree to become a trustee. Syn. a use
            (an ancient meaning).

            active trust see separate entry .

            blind trust one in which the trustees do not tell
            the settlor what they invest the trust property
            in.

            charitable trust see separate entry.

            closed-end trust (U.S.A.) an investment trust
            company.

            constructive trust a trust that exists by the
            operation of the law of equity, not by any
            planned intention of the parties, such as when
            a mortgagee uses his power of sale and sells
            the property at a surplus he becomes a trustee
            under a constructive trust for the amount of
            the surplus. He must in fairness pass the surplus
            to the mortgagor. Syn. implied trust; result in
            trust.

            debenture trust a trust, formed by a company
            under a trust deed, by which the trustees are
            responsible for holding certain of the com-
            pany’s assets that are the security for an issue
            of debenture stock. In Britain it is usual not to
            appoint private trustees for this purpose, but
            to use the services of a professional trustee
            organization such as a bank.

            discretionary trust see separate entry.

            executed trust a trust formed by a person in his
            will, to which the testator transfers property
            on his death, with clear directions about how
            it is to be used. Cf. executory trust.

            executory trust a trust formed under will, in
            which the testator gives only an outline of his
            intentions as a guide to the trustees Cf.
            executed trust.

            expressed trust a trust that has been formed by
            clearly stated words, esp. in a document, as
            opposed to a constructive or implied trust.
            fixed trust a unit investment trust that must
            invest its funds in a fixed class or range of
            securities, such as in plantations, or oils; the
            managers have no power to buy any security
            not included in the fixed class or range. While
            this guards the members against mismanage-
            ment, it greatly limits the managers’ freedom.
            Cf. flexible trust.

            flexible trust a unit investment trust that is
            run by managers who have power to sell any
            security held and to buy any other security,
            usu. within certain stated limits. Cf. fixed trust.
            Syn. (U.S.A.) general management trust.
            general management trust see flexible trust
            above.


                evince -p 529 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            518 - trust. breach of

            combination of businesse!

            i | trust a geet
            erie. ut the same stage of the

            at are carrying 0
            reduction orto Cf. vertical Scans ;
            implied trust see constructive trust : n ie
            inter vivos trust a trust formed by a ae : a
            that it becomes effective during ne 3s a
            as opposed to a trust formed by a will. ©
            testamentary trust.
            investment trust an investment comp

            under company. — ots sae
            open-end trust (U.S.A.) a unl rust.
            private trust a trust set up for the benefit of <

            named person or persons, as opposed to <
            charitable or public trust.
            public trust see charitable trust.
            resulting trust see constructive trust above.
            testamentary trust a trust that has been set uf
            under the provisions of the will of a deac
            person.
            unit trust see separate entry.
            vertical trust a combination of businesses that
            are carrying out all stages of production of 2
            class of product. Cf. horizontal trust.
            vy. (1) to have faith in somebody or something
            We trust our cashier completely. They cannot be
            trusted to keep a bargain. (2) to hope, expect.
            We trust that you have received our quotation. |
            trust that you will reply immediately.
            trust, breach of see breach of trust.
            trust-busting ECON. & STK. EXCH. (colloq.) ir
            U.S.A., the activity of a trust-buster, a person.
            usu. a federal government officer, who bring:
            before a court of law cases under the anti-trust
            laws.
            trust company see under company.
            trust corporation LAW in Britain, the Public
            Trustee, the Treasury Solicitor, the Official
            Solicitor, and certain persons appointed spe-
            cially by a court of law; also certain person:
            otherwise qualified by law to act as custodiar
            trustees.
            trust deed LAW a formal document, made unde:
            seal by a donor, creating a trust, appointing
            one or more trustees, stating the purposes and
            conditions under which the trust is to be admi:-
            nistered, transferring certain clearly defined
            land and other property or money to them tc
            hold and manage for the benefit of a clearly
            identified beneficiary or beneficiaries or chari-
            table objects. There is a variety of forms of
            trust deed, such as: a deed of arrangement.
            made by an insolvent debtor; a deed of cove-
            nant; a deed of gift; a deed of assignment; 2
            debenture deed. Syn. trust instrument.
            trustee LAw (1) a person who has entered into
            a binding promise to hold and administer.
            pen pi ee land, money or other prop-
            enefit of some other person o1
            eee or for some particular object allowed
            ee ‘and this purpose, the trustee is made
            ga! owner of the property. Syn. feoffee tc

            any. Se


            uses (an ancient form now seldom found). (2)
            a person may also find that he is a trustee
            without intending to become one, such as when
            a trust is considered to exist by operation of
            the law. See constructive trust under trust. Abbr.
            trs. pl.
            hare trustee see separate entry.
            constructive trustee a person who is held by law
            to be a trustee under a constructive trust.
            custodian trustee a trustee who has the duty of
            holding and taking care of trust property, such
            as the securities in the trust fund of a unit trust,
            but without having any duty to manage it. In
            Britain he may be the Public Trustee or any
            large banking or insurance company or other
            body corporate that qualifies to act as a Custo-
            dian trustee under the law. See trust Corpor-
            ation.
            public trustee see separate entry.
            trustee for sale LAW a trustee appointed under
            a trust for sale.
            trustee in bankruptcy LAw a person who, as
            an officer of a bankruptcy court, is given power
            | to take possession of a bankrupt’s property and
            to hold it in trust for the creditors, to sell it
            | and to share the money out among the creditors
            l according to the law. See bankrupt; bank-
            ruptcy. Syn. assignee in bankruptcy.
            trustee investments LAw in Britain, invest-
            ments in which a trustee may by law invest
            , trust funds. These may be the investments
            stated in the trust deed, but if the deed does
            not state any, he must invest at least half the
            trust funds in narrower-range investments. (See
            trustee securities under securities.) The other
            half may be invested in wider-range investments,
            | such as ordinary shares and preference shares
            : of profitable quoted companies registered in
            } Britain; shares in certain building societies;
            | and unit trusts. See trustee status.
            trustee savings banks see under savings bank.
            trustee securities see under securities.
            , trustee status LAW & STK. EXCH. in Britain, a
            | special set of qualities that shares or debentures
            in companies must by law possess if they are
            | to be bought as trustee investments. A commer-
            ) cial stock or share or debenture has trustee
            Status if it is in a company that has been
            incorporated in Britain with a paid-up share
            capital of at least £1 million and has paid a
            : dividend on all classes of its shares for at least
            : five years.
            | ‘trust for sale Law a trust that binds the trus-
            tee(s) to sell land or other property immediately
            ) and to give the sale proceeds to the beneficiary.
            : Such a trust arises, e.g. from a will, an intes-
            tacy, a bankruptcy or a liquidation.
            trust fund Law the assets including property of
            : any kind, held in trust by a trustee for the
            } beneficiary of the trust.
            ) trust instrument Law a formal document, such


                evince -p 530 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &


            as a will or deed, placing land in trust for a
            named person or persons. Such land is called
            settled land. See trust deed; settlement (4). Syn.
            settlement.

            trust receipt see under receipt.

            trust unit FIN. a share in a unit trust.

            trustworthy fit to be trusted; able to be
            depended upon: He is one of our most trust-
            worthy employees/customers/suppliers, we know
            that we can always trust him, that he deserves
            our trust. A trustworthy source of news/
            information, a source that tells the truth.

            t.s. twin-screw; turbine ship.

            T.S., TS typescript.

            T/S trans-shipment.

            T.S.B. trustee savings bank(s).

            TSS. typescripts.

            T.T., t.t. telegraphic transfer.

            T.T. rate see under exchange rate.

            T.U. trade union.

            tube TRANSPT. an underground railway. Syn.
            (U.S.A.) subway.

            tube-well aGR. & IND a metal pipe sunk deep
            into the ground, up which water is pumped to
            the surface for irrigating crops and for supply-
            ing homes and factories. Cf. artesian well.

            T.U.C. Trades Union Congress.

            tug SHIPG. (1) a small, very powerful ship spe-
            cially built for towing (pulling along) other,
            usu. much larger, ships. Syn. tugboat. (2) any
            vessel that is being used for towing another
            vessel.

            tun a very large barrel; for wine, 252 gallons;
            for beer, 216 gallons.

            tunnage see tonnage.

            tuppence (collog.) twopence, i.e. two pence.

            tuppenny-ha'penny (collog.) of very little
            value.

            turf accountant see bookmaker.

            Turf, The horse-racing as a sport.

            turnaround (1) TRANSPT. the same as turn-
            round. (2) FIN. & STK. EXCH. (esp. U.S.A.) the
            time when the profits of a business turn from
            falling and begin to rise. A return to profit-
            ability. (3) FIN. & COM. of an asset, project etc.,
            no longer wanted: Put into turnaround, put up
            for sale.

            turnkey contract see under contract.

            turnkey system ComP. a complete computer
            system, including both hardware and software,
            provided and maintained by a single supplier.

            turnover ACCTS. (1) the total value of business
            done during a given period, usu. the total
            annual sales /ess goods returned. (2) the rate at
            which the stock of goods is turned over, i.e.
            sold in the course of trade. See stock-turn. (3)
            the number of times that a stock of goods or
            of money is replaced in a given period. (4) STK.
            EXCH. the total value of all shares traded on the
            Stock Exchange on a particular day, which,
            with the figure for volume, gives a measure of


            typist - 519

            the amount of business done. See volume. Abbr.
            T/O. |
            capital turnover see separate entry.
            investment turnover see capital turnover.
            turnover ratio ACCTs. the ratio between total
            sales of a business in a given period, usu. a
            year, and the value of its fixed assets.
            turnover tax see sales tax (b) under tax.
            turnyike TRANSPT. (1) a bar or gate across a road
            where a toll is paid. Syn. toll gate. (2) a road
            on which tolls are charged. (3) in U.S.A., a
            motorway on which tolls are charged.
            turn-round TRANSPT. & SHIPG. the unloading,
            cleaning, refuelling, reloading and completion
            of formalities of a ship, road vehicle or railway
            train before it can start on another voyage or
            journey: Liners must make a quick turn-round if
            they are to be profitable. Also turnaround.

            T.V. television.

            T.V.R.s television ratings figures.

            ‘tween deck sHIPG. space for stowing cargo
            between the decks of a ship, as opposed to
            space in her holds. A ’tween deck ship, a ‘tween
            decker, a ship with a deck below the main
            deck.

            twin-bedded Tour. of a hotel room, with two
            single beds. Cf. double-bedded.

            twin-berth clause see berth clause.

            twinning MAN. a form of job sharing whereby
            two people share a single job on e.g. a week
            on/week off basis. See job sharing.

            twin-screw sHIPG. of a ship, having two screws
            or propellers. Abbr. t.s.

            twister (1) a cheat; a clever but dishonest per-
            son. (2) (U.S.A.) a wind-storm.

            two-income family FIN. & TAXN. a family in
            which both the father and the mother earn an
            income by working.

            two-name paper FIN. & BKG. commercial bills
            of exchange. See one-name paper.

            two-part tariff see under tariff.

            two-sided accounts accts. accounts in the
            form usually adopted when they are written by
            hand in account books; each account has a
            left-hand or debit side, and a right-hand or
            credit side. Cf. three-column accounts.

            TX Texas, U.S.A.

            typescript work that has been produced on a
            typewriter, esp. material for a printer to set up
            in type. Abbr. T.S., pi. TSS.

            typist a person skilled in operating a typewriter.
            copy-typist see separate entry.
            invoice-typist a typist specially skilled in the
            typing of the many different kinds of invoice
            forms, credit notes and any work consisting
            mostly of figures.
            shorthand-typist see steno-typist below.
            steno-typist a typist who is also able to write

            speech in shorthand. Syn. shorthand-typist. a A


                evince -p 531 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            520 - U.A.E.

            U

            7 ited Arab Emirates. a
            UA fidel see utmost good f aith.
            u/c. undercharge; upper-case.
            U.K. United Kingdom (of G
            Northern Ireland). fe
            see long ton under ton.
            igo Oot (1) the amount by which the actual
            contents of a barrel or other vessel containing
            liquid falls short of the full measure, owing to
            loss by evaporation (drying up) or by leakage
            (escaping). (2) the actual contents of a con-
            tainer at the time of importation; this is the
            basis on which a specific duty is calculated by
            the Customs.
            ult. ultimo.
            ultimo see date.
            ultra vires LAW (Latin, beyond the powers) in
            excess of the powers held under the law.
            Where, e.g. a company contracts to do some-
            thing that is not included in the list of objects
            authorized in its Memorandum of Association,
            that contract is ultra vires, i.e. beyond the
            company’s legal powers, and is void.
            u/m undermentioned.
            umbrella fund FIN. a special form of offshore
            investment trust that is a fund of funds, invest-
            ing in other investment trusts in countries, e.g.
            the Channel Islands, where there are no, or
            only low, stamp duties and capital gains and
            other taxes.
            umpire see referee (3).
            U.N. United Nations (Organization).
            un- prefix, not: Unaccompanied, not accom-
            panied. Unclaimed | undistributed / unpaid. Cf.
            uNI-, prefix.
            unanimous of one mind; in full agreement: The
            motion was carried by the unanimous vote of the
            members of the company, all voted in favour of
            the motion. The board was unanimous in refusing
            the offer. Adv. unanimously. Pron. youn-.
            unavoidable costs see fixed costs under costs.
            unbalanced budget see under budget
            uncalled capital see under capital.
            uncertainty (1) ECON. THEORY business risks
            that are borne by the entrepreneur. (2) INSCE.
            a risk that cannot be insured against because
            its probability cannot be measured, such as the
            risk that a business will make a loss. (3) Law
            in a legal document, a lack of certainty in a
            description or a direction; a failure to describe
            a gift clearly in a will or trust deed may make
            the gift void for uncertainty.
            uncle (collog.) a pawnbroker.
            unclean bill of lading see dirty bill of lading
            under bill of lading.
            unconfirmed letter of credit see under letter
            of credit.

            reat Britain and


            unconvertible see inconvertible currency under

            currency. |
            uncrossed (cheque) see crossed cheque under

            cheque. ; fs
            UNCTAD United Nations Conference on Trade
            and Development.
            uncustomed goods TAXN. (1) goods that are
            not liable to customs duty. (2) goods on which
            customs duty is payable but has not been paid.
            undated securities see annuity bond under
            bond.
            undated stock see annuity bond under bond,
            n.; also irredeemables.
            underbid see underquote.
            under bond see bond, n. (3).
            undercapitalized STK. EXCH. of a business, esp.
            a company, having not enough share-capital
            to support the amount of trading activity. Cf.
            overcapitalized.
            undercharge ACCTS. a charge that is below what
            it ought to be, usu. because the customer has,
            by mistake, been charged too little on the
            invoice. To put the accounts right, the cus-
            tomer is sent a debit note for the amount not
            charged. Opp. overcharge. Abbr. u/c.
            Underconsumption Theory ECON. THEORY a
            theory held by some of the classical economists,
            that trade depressions are caused by a lack of
            spending by the public, either because of low
            wages or because of excessive saving, with the
            result that business activity is reduced and
            prices and profits tend to fall.
            undercutting com. selling at a cheaper price
            than others.
            v. to undercut (someone): He made a fortune
            by undercutting his competitors.
            under-deck tonnage see under tonnage.
            under-developed countries ECON. countries
            that possess natural resources but are economi-
            cally backward, esp. countries in which the
            income per head of the population is low when
            compared with that of the developed countries.
            Under-developed countries tend to lack the
            capital and the enterprise needed for the
            advancement of industry; there are often not
            enough schools and technical training insti-
            tutions, resulting in a lack of skilled labour,
            much unemployment and underemployment,
            and a dependence on subsistence f arming.
            Various agencies of the United Nations are
            doing much to help these countries to raise the
            income per head of their populations. Syn.
            developing countries: emerging countries; less-
            developed countries: Third World; less
            developed countries (L.D.C.s); less developed
            nations (L.D.N.s).
            under-employment ECON. (1) having too little
            work to do; a state in which a person, such as
            a subsistence farmer, has some work but too
            little to keep him busy for the full working day.
            He therefore tends to be poor. Cf. unemploy-


                evince -p 532 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            {‘ ——_—_ heey

            hich there is some unem-

            tate In W ;
            ment. (2) 4S i.e. there is not full

            loyment in an economy,

            ent. aii Qh ,
            Een TRANSPT. in Britain, esp. in Lon-
            un

            lectric railway system that runs in
            ce det a large city. Syn. (Britain) tube;
            (U.S.A.) subway.
            under-insurance see
            and kinds of.
            under-lease see under lease.
            under-let see sub-let.
            underling see subordinate n.
            under-manager see under manager. |
            under-mentioned mentioned below, later in
            this document: The ship will call at the under-
            mentioned ports. Abbr. u/m. Also undermen-
            tioned. Syn. below-mentioned.
            under offer see offer.
            underpopulation ECON. a state of an economy
            which has too small a population to supply the
            number of workers needed to make the best
            use of its resources. Cf. overpopulation.
            under protest see protest (2).
            underquote CoM. to quote a lower price than
            others when offering to sell. Syn. underbid.
            undersell com. to sell goods more cheaply than
            one’s competitors: We undersell all other sup-
            pliers, we sell our goods more cheaply than
            anybody else. We are never undersold, nobody
            ever sells more cheaply than we do.
            under ship’s derrick SHIPG. words sometimes
            appearing in a bill of lading contract, meaning
            that the shipowner’s responsibility ends when
            the goods have been placed in such a position
            on board the ship at the named port that the
            consignee or his agent can have them unloaded,
            using the ship’s derrick(s) or other unloading
            equipment suited to the nature of the goods.
            Cf. over ship’s rail. Syn. at ship’s rail.
            undertake (1) to take upon oneself, esp. a duty
            or responsibility: To undertake the reorgani-
            zation of the company. To undertake a sole agency/
            trusteeship/guardianship. (2) to agree to do; to
            promise: He undertook to work better in future.
            (3) to begin to do; to cause to be done: We are
            undertaking an extensive modernization of our
            factory.
            undertaker (1) ECON. an entrepreneur. (2) COM.
            a person who arranges funerals. (3) IND. a
            public utility company. Syn. undertaking.
            undertaking LAw (1) a firm promise: The insur-
            ers paid him £10,000 on his giving a signed
            undertaking that he would make no further claim
            upon them. (2) a solemn promise made to a
            court of law during legal proceedings by one
            of the parties to the action or by his lawyer. A
            Promise so made has the force of a court order.
            (3) COM. & IND. any business enterprise, esp. a
            <c utility: An electricity undertaking.
            se ONe STK. & COMMOD. EXCH. the current
            “ing that influences the actions of buyers

            under insurance, classes


            unearned increment - 521

            and sellers in the market: The market undertone
            was caution. The undertone of the market is more
            confident than it was last week.

            undervalued sTK. EXCH. cheap; worth buying.

            undervalued currency FIN. & ECON. a currency
            that, because of government controls, has a
            lower rate of exchange in relation to another
            currency than it would have if the normal
            economic forces of supply and demand were
            operating. Cf. overvalued currency.

            underwrite (1) FIN. to agree to pay the cost of
            making or doing something: The ministry has
            underwritten the cost of his research work. Syn.
            to finance. (2) COM. to guarantee a person
            against commercial loss: The council has agreed
            to underwrite the publication of the book, will
            bear any loss that the publishers may suffer.
            (3) INSCE. to accept liability for loss under a
            contract of insurance. (4) STK. EXCH. to agree
            to buy, in return for a commission, all shares/
            stock of a new issue left unsold. The person or
            organization taking this action is called an
            underwriter, and is usu. a merchant bank who
            may in turn pass some of the risk on to sub-
            underwriters (who also get a commission).

            underwriter INSCE. (1) in an insurance com-
            pany, a person highly skilled in insurance busi-
            ness who has power to accept risks for the
            company and to fix rates and conditions of
            insurance contracts. Syn. underwriting agent.
            (2) a member of the Corporation of Lloyd’s
            who, either singly or as one of a syndicate,
            accepts insurance contracts. See Lloyd’s under-
            writer. (3) a general expression for any person
            who sells insurance or offers to advise people
            on insurance business. (4) MAR. INSCE. a person
            or firm that accepts marine insurance con-
            tracts. A marine underwriter. (5) STK EXCH. a
            person or organization who, for an agreed
            commission, enters an agreement to buy any
            part of a new issue of shares that is not bought
            by the public. Abbr. U/w.

            Underwriters, Institute of London see Insti-
            tute of London Underwriters.

            underwriting agent see underwriter (1).

            undischarged bankrupt see under bankrupt.

            undistributable reserve see capital reserve
            under reserves.

            undistributed profit see retained profit under
            profit.

            undue debt FIN. a debt that is not yet due for
            payment.

            undue influence Law unfair influence that has
            been put on a person to press him to enter into
            a contract. The person so influenced has the
            right to declare the contract void if he wishes.

            unearned income see under income.

            unearned increment ACCTS. & TAXN. an in-
            crease in the value of land and buildings as the
            result of natural causes, of increased demand


                evince -p 533 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            522 - unearned premium

            ements
            or of inflation, not because of improvem

            wner. |
            made by the o saan

            ‘um see under :
            unearned premi ET ena
            ecause of low

            unemployable of a person, eis
            ment; not worth employing ¢

            : yr disability.
            jency, laziness, OF ¢ : . |
            See (1) of persons, having no

            loyed adj. , |
            unemploy unable to obtain employment:

            mployment, m
            He he been unemployed for over a year. S) ¥
            out of work; jobless. (2) of money, capital,

            assets, not being used to earn income, idle.
            missed from his job and joined the ranks/army of
            the unemployed. A scheme for retraining the
            unemployed. .
            unemployment (1) the state of being unem-
            ployed; of being unable to obtain paid work.
            (2) the number of persons that are unemployed
            in a country: There is an increase in unemploy-
            ment this month.
            casual unemployment that kind of unemploy-
            ment which exists where workers are employed
            only irregularly and for short periods whenever
            they are needed, such as in the building trade.
            This leaves many workers unemployed
            between periods of casual employment. See
            casual labour under casual.
            disguised unemployment see hidden unemploy-
            ment below.
            frictional unemployment unemployment that is
            usu. temporary, because workers are changing
            jobs, or because demand and supply are tem-
            porarily out of balance.
            hidden unemployment unemployment which is
            known to exist but which is not taken into
            account in government statistics. For example,
            some employers may temporarily be paying
            workers who are on short time or are com-
            pletely idle, but for whom there will soon be a
            full day’s work; and some workers, from fear
            of being unemployed, may be making the work
            last longer. Syn. disguised unemployment.
            involuntary unemployment the kind of unem-
            ployment that exists where total demand is
            large enough to provide work for every person
            who wants a job, but where employers fail to
            employ more workers, either because they do
            not realize the size of the total demand or
            because they are slow to take advantage of it.
            Cf. voluntary unemployment below.
            residual unemployment that kind of unemploy-
            ment which exists among persons who are of
            such low efficiency, from laziness or some form
            of disability, that they are not worth employ-
            ing.
            seasonal unemployment that form of unemploy-
            ment which exists in those trades or occu-
            pations where the amount of work and the
            a Hoa depend on the seasons, such as
            eae - catering, esp. at the seaside or in
            ports centres, and in some kinds of

            ago nai unemployment caused

            by the changing structure of the economy, such

            as an industry that 1s getting smaller or perhaps
            dying, because of a reduction in demand for
            the product.
            technological unemployment unemployment
            that results from changes in methods of pro-
            duction. |
            voluntary unemployment that form of unem-
            ployment which exists because some persons
            do not wish to work, perhaps because they
            cannot find a job that is well enough paid. Cf.
            involuntary unemployment above.

            unemployment benefit INSCE. an allowance
            paid by the government to persons who cannot
            earn because they are unemployed. See
            national insurance. Syn. (collog.) dole; (U.S.A.)
            unemployment compensation.

            unenforceable contract see under contract.

            unexecuted order see under order.

            unfair competition see anti-dumping.

            unfair dismissal IND. REL. the practice of end-
            ing a person’s employment for no good reason
            or for an unacceptable reason. In many coun-
            tries unfair dismissal may be found by an
            industrial tribunal to be a legal offence.

            unfranked income TAXN. in Britain, income
            on which corporation tax has not been paid
            and is therefore taxable at the basic rate when
            received by e.g. a unit trust. Opp. franked
            income.

            unfunded debt see under national debt.

            uni- prefix, one; single: Uniform, having one
            form. Unilateral, concerning only one side.
            Unilingual, using, knowing, only one language.
            Cf. un-, prefix. Pron. youni-.

            unified bond see consolidated bond under bond,
            n.

            unified stock see consolidated bond under
            bond, 7.

            unilateral contract see under contract.

            unincorporated association LAW & MAN. an
            association that does not need to be registered
            or incorporated. Such an association has not a
            single legal personality. See incorporation. If
            the association is formed for business purposes
            it is called a partnership and the size of its
            membership is limited by law; but if it is
            formed for an object other than profit, such as
            a club or society, there is no limit to the number
            of members. Pron. un-in-.

            uninsurable risk see under risk.

            union see trade union.

            unionism see trade unionism.

            union shop see closed shop.

            vn selling proposition com. the single
            selling feature which makes a product different
            from its competitors. Abbr. U.S.P.

            unissued Capital see under capital.

            unit banking BKG. a banking system in which


                evince -p 534 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            a bank is not allowed to open branches; this
            system is quite common 1n the U.S.A. but in
            Britain each bank has many branches.

            unit cost see average cost under cost.

            United Nations (U.N.) an international asso-
            ciation formed in 1945 of which nearly all the
            countries of the world are now members. (Also
            known by its full title, the United Nations
            Organization. Abdr. U.N.O.) In signing the

            U.N. Charter, each member promises to work

            for peace and friendship among nations, and

            to help the economic and social progress of the
            world. The U.N. consists of six main organs
            (departments): the General Assembly; the
            Security Council; the Economic and Social
            Council; the Trusteeship Council; the Inter-
            national Court of Justice (at the Hague); and
            the U.N. Secretariat in New York. The U.N.
            also has a number of special agencies, of which
            the following are of particular importance to
            trade and finance: the International Monetary
            Fund (I.M.F.) in Washington; the World
            Bank; the U.N. Conference on Trade and
            Development (UNCTAD); the Food and Agri-
            culture Organization (F.A.O.) in Rome; the
            International Labour Office (I.L.O.) in
            Geneva; and the International Finance Cor-
            poration (I.F.C.). Pron. youn-.

            United Nations Conference on Trade and
            Development (UNCTAD) a _ permanent
            organization set up by the United Nations in
            1964 to encourage international trade, esp. by
            helping the developing countries to increase
            their exports and to finance their export in-
            dustries in years when world prices for their
            products are low. Pron. youn-.

            United Nations Economic and Social
            Council see Economic and Social Council.
            unit fraud FIN. a type of share-pushing, in which
            a dishonest person buys some land and divides
            it into a number of plots (sections) each produc-
            ing some kind of produce, usu. fruit or grain.
            Each plot is represented by a unit, which is
            sold to the public, the buyer being told that,
            when the produce is sold, he will receive his
            share of the profits from his plot. He finds later
            that many more units have been sold than

            there are plots.

            unitization FIN. the act of changing an invest-
            ment trust company into a unit trust.

            unitized handling TRANSPT. the transport of
            goods by container.

            unitized insurance fund FIN. & INSCE. an
            Organization like a unit trust but run by an
            insurance company in connection with a life
            assurance policy.

            unit-linked life assurance see investment-
            linked policy under insurance policy.

            unit load see under load.

            unit, monetary see monetary unit.

            unit of account (1) a unit of money considered

            unlisted company - 523

            as a measure of value, esp. for accounting
            purposes, rather than as a means of payment
            or as a store of wealth. (2) the standard currency
            unit of a country. See account, money of. (3)
            in the European Economic Community
            (E.E.C.) an artificial currency unit used for
            fixing farm prices, for calculating the E.E.C.
            budget and for certain trade agreements with
            countries which are not members of the E.E.C.

            unit share IND. an expression of market share:
            the number of a particular product which have
            been sold expressed as a proportion of the total
            number of products sold. Syn. volume share.
            Cf. value share.

            unit trust FIN. in Britain, an organization that
            collects money from subscribers, called unit-
            holders, usu. small investors, and invests it
            in securities for their benefit. The securities
            bought are held, usu. by an important bank or
            insurance company, acting as custodian trust-
            ees under a trust deed that must be approved
            by the government. The work of investment
            and administration is carried out by a pro-
            fessional investment management company,
            called the managers, in return for certain char-
            ges called management fees controlled by the
            government. The managers buy the securities,
            divide them into units of equal value, and offer
            these units to the public at an offer price. Each
            unit-holder becomes the owner of a fraction of
            all the securities held in the trust fund. After
            deducting the trustees’ and managers’ charges,
            the net income received as dividends from the
            securities is distributed to the unit-holders, usu.
            every six months. The managers will, at any
            time buy back units from the public at a bid
            price, a little below the offer price. The differ-
            ence is called the spread. Unlike an investment
            trust, a unit trust is not a company, and trust
            units are not traded on the Stock Exchange.
            Syn. (U.S.A.) mutual fund; managed fund. See
            also fund of funds.

            Universal Postal Union originally set up in
            1875, but now a special agency of the U.N.
            that co-ordinates and controls postal services
            throughout the world. Abbr. U.P.U. Pron.
            youn-.

            universal product coding see bar coding.
            Abbr. U.P.C.

            UNIX comp. an operating system for microcom-
            puters and minicomputers. Cf. CP/M: MS-
            DOS.

            unladen TRANSPT. without a load. Uniladen
            weight, the weight (of a vehicle) when not
            loaded. Opp. laden.

            unlimited company see under company.

            unlimited liability see under liability.

            unlimited securities see unlisted securities.

            unliquidated damages see damages at large.

            unlisted Company STK. EXCH. any company
            whose shares are not on the Official List of



                evince -p 535 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            —————

            524 - unlisted market

            securities traded on the Stock Exchange. The
            shares of some unlisted companies are, how-
            ever. traded in the Unlisted Securities Market.
            unlisted market see over-the-counter market

            union soe ities STK. EXCH. in Britain, secu-

            uri . EXCH. ;

            Sama not included in the Official List
            of securities dealt in by members of the Stock
            Exchange. Cf. listed securities. Syn. unlimited
            securities; unquoted securities.

            Unlisted Securities Market sTK. EXCH. an
            organized market or exchange started in Lon-
            don in 1980 that deals in shares of more than
            150 companies not listed on the London Stock
            Exchange. Similar markets exist in U.S.A.
            Abbr. U.S.M. Also Second Board.

            unload v. to get rid of, esp. by selling in large
            quantities: We unloaded our shareholding on the
            market just before the price fell.

            U.N.O. United Nations Organization (the
            U.N.).

            unofficial rate (of exchange) see under ex-
            change rate.

            unofficial strike see under strike.

            unquoted securities see unlisted securities.

            unquoted share see under share.

            unrecoverable see irrecoverable.

            unsecured creditor see under creditor.

            unsecured debenture see naked debenture
            under debenture.

            unsecured debt see under debt.

            unsecured loan see under loan.

            unsecured stock see loan stock under stock.

            unship SHIPG. to unload cargo and to disembark
            passengers from a ship.

            unsocial hours IND. REL. hours of work that
            are unusual and are such that they prevent
            most workers from enjoying a normal life with
            family and friends. These hours often earn
            higher wages.

            unsolds com. (1) goods supplied to a retailer but

            _ unsold and therefore, by custom or agreement,
            returnable to the supplier for credit, such as
            newspapers that remain unsold by a newsagent
            and are returned to the publishers. (2) any
            goods returned to a supplier who has supplied
            them on sale or return.

            unsolicited ADVTG. not requested; not asked
            for: Unsolicited letter, a letter that somebody
            has freely written, usu. praising a product,
            without being asked. See testimonial (un-
            solicited testimonial).

            unvalued policy INSCE. an insurance policy
            that states the total sum insured but leaves the l
            insurable value of different parts of the insured
            objects to be decided if and when a claim
            arises. Cf. valued policy.

            U.P.C. universal product coding.

            upcoming sTK. EXCH. coming next: coming
            soon. The upcoming earnings were well antic-


            ipated, the earnings in the immediate future
            were well known or expected in advance.
            update (1) to bring up to date: To update the
            sales figures every month. (2) COMP. to make
            changes in the information stored in the data
            hile of a computer.
            up for grabs see under grab.
            up-front FIN. of rates of interest, a very high
            rate, perhaps as high as 50%, payable in the
            first year of the term of a loan, with a lower
            rate, perhaps only 5%, in each of the later
            years. This may allow the borrower to receive
            a big tax-deduction in the present year.
            upkeep (1) the process of keeping something,
            esp. a building, roads, or machinery, in good
            order (2) the cost of doing this. Syn. mainte-
            nance.
            uplift com. (mainly Scottish) to pay off; to repay:
            To uplift a credit/debt/loan.
            up-market com. of a shop or store, a tendency
            to supply what is wanted by buyers in the
            richer sections of the market: That dress shop
            has become up-market, is selling dearer goods of
            higher quality than before. Opp. down-market.
            upper deck see deck.
            upset price see reserve price (a) under price.
            upside STK. EXCH. future: Af this high price the
            share is a poor upside investment for the possible
            buyer. Also relating to a future profit, or
            increase in price. Opp. downside.
            UPSWINg see upturn.
            uptime or up time comp. the time that a com-
            puter is free from mechanical trouble, i.e. is fit
            to operate or actually operates, expressed as a
            percentage of the time that it has been planned
            to operate. Cf. downtime.
            up to date see under date.
            uptown warehouse see under warehouse.
            up train see under train.
            upturn movement (of prices, quantities etc.) that
            has changed to an upward direction: Last year
            there was an upturn in the price of houses/the
            output of coal/the value of sterling. Syn. upswing.
            Opp. downturn.
            U.P.U. Universal Postal Union.
            U.S. United States (of America).
            U/S useless; unserviceable.
            J.S.A. United States of America.
            isage (1) custom; common practice or behav-
            iour: The usages of the port of Alexandria. (2)
            treatment in use: Typewriters are not made to
            bear rough usage. (3) for a material or part, the
            amount used in a stated time, a figure needed
            for inventory/stock control.
            isance (1) BKG. & CoM. the usual period at
            which, by custom, foreign bills of exchange are
            drawn between two countries, e.g. in London,
            bills on Paris are usu. drawn at three months’
            date, on Bombay at 30 days’ sight, and so on.
            To draw a bill at usance, at the period usual for
            bills drawn on the particular country. At double


                evince -p 536 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            twice the usual period. (2) the rate
            of interest (a meaning now little = (3)
            any income or advantage received 1n
            ECON. any oods by the owner of wealth.
            we ne oe under bill of exchange.
            ee (1) the legal right of a person to
            eed 5 the benefit of possessing property without
            carerierent by other persons. Syn. user. (2) a
            trust. A feoffee to uses, a trustee. ea
            use and occupancy policy see consequentia
            loss policy a insurance policy.
            e use (1).
            es COM., IND. & COMP. (collog.) (of a
            product) well-designed, i.e. well thought-out
            and carefully planned.
            user group COMP. a group of people who use
            the same hardware or software and who meet
            to review the systems; the group is often organi-
            zed by the suppliers.
            user |.D. user identification.
            user identification Comp. a code which allows
            only certain users access to restricted data. See
            also authorization code. Abbr. User I.D.
            U.S.M. Unlisted Securities Market.
            U.S.P. unique selling proposition.
            U.S.S.R. Union of Soviet Socialist Republics.
            U.S. ton see short ton under ton.
            usufruct LAW the legal right to enjoy during
            one’s lifetime the benefits of using property
            belonging to another person, on condition that
            it is given back to the owner in its original
            state, allowances being made for normal wear
            and tear.
            usufructuary LAW a person who has been given
            a usufruct.
            usurer FIN. a person who lends money at an
            excessively high rate of interest, esp. a rate
            higher than that allowed by law. Syn. loan
            shark.
            usurious adj. A usurious rate of interest.
            usury 7. (a) the lending of money at excessive
            rates of interest. (6) the amount received in
            such interest. Cf. usance.
            UT, Ut. Utah, U.S.A.
            utilitarianism see Bentham, Jeremy.
            utility (1) usefulness. (2) ECON. THEORY the
            amount of satisfaction that a consumer receives
            from a commodity or service. See marginal
            utility; Diminishing Utility, Law of. Opp. disu-
            tility. (3) IND. one of the services, called public
            utilities, that supply the public with electricity,
            gas, water, transport, etc.
            Utility, Law of Diminishing see Diminishing
            Utility, Law of.
            utilization (1) the degree to which something is
            used: In market gardening there is a high utili-
            zation of land. See plant utilization. (2) the
            purpose for which something, esp. land, is
            used: The Land Utilization Survey, a survey of

            Britain that records on maps the use to which
            the land is put.

            usance, at

            ‘lized capacity see capacity (1). |
            owas seal faith INSCE. & LAW a basic rule
            of insurance law, that a person making a pro-
            posal for insurance is legally bound to give the
            ‘nsurers all facts and information which might
            affect their assessment of the risks to be
            ‘insured. No essential facts must be kept back.
            The insurers, by the same legal rule, are legally
            bound not to mislead the insured, e.g. by put-
            ting conditions into the contract that are unfair
            or have not been seen by or discussed with
            the insured. See disclosure (1). Syn. uberrimae
            fide. | )
            utter LAW to put into circulation, to publish,
            with the intention of deceiving: To utter forged
            cheques/counterfeit money. See passing off.

            U/w. underwriter.

            V. versus.

            VA, Va. Virginia, U.S.A.

            V.A. value analysis.

            vac. vacation, vacant.

            vacancy (1) an empty place, e.g. hotel room. (2)
            a post that needs to be filled by a new employee.
            casual vacancy see under casual.

            vacancy rate (1) com. in the property market,
            the proportion of properties that are at any one
            time unlet, usu. expressed as a percentage: The
            5% vacancy rate in the City is the lowest for three
            years. (2) the proportion of hotel rooms unlet.
            Opp. occupancy rate.

            vacant empty; unfilled, esp. (a) of posts, jobs,
            that need to be filled by new employees: Situ-
            ations vacant; (b) of rooms in a hotel, cabins in
            a ship, seats in a vehicle, etc., unoccupied, not
            in use. Abbr. vac.

            vacant possession see under possession (3).

            vacation (1) a holiday, usu. lasting several
            weeks, esp. in a college or university. A vacation
            job, temporary employment for a student dur-
            ing the vacation. Abbr. vac. (2) Law in Britain,
            certain fixed periods of the year when the law

            courts are closed to ordinary cases. During

            these periods urgent matters are dealt with by
            vacation judges.

            vagabond see vagrant.

            vagrant an idle, homeless person, who wanders
            from place to place, perh. begging or stealing
            or otherwise making trouble. Syn. vagabond;
            tramp.

            valence MAN. in theories of motivation in the
            workplace, valence describes the value that an
            individual places on the likely outcomes of any
            act. To motivate a person to do something,
            valence clearly has to be sufficiently high. See
            also expectancy; instrumentality.

            valid Law (1) legally effective; in good order


                evince -p 537 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            526 - validate

            force at the present time: A valid
            ing licence/tax token/ticket. (2) that
            a court of law: A valid
            on a person or

            and having
            passport/driv
            will be supported by a cou
            will/receipt. (3) that is binding
            ersons: A valid contract.
            validate LAW (1) to make valid.
            the effectiveness or legality of;
            his order, | can an it. ae
            id c ct see under contract. ;
            pe jaan of being valid: The validity of
            this ticket has expired, it is no longer valid. Opp.
            nullity. )
            valise see suitcase.
            valorization FIN. the fixing by artificial means
            a value or price, esp. of a commodity or a
            currency, and the action needed to keep that
            value or price in force in the market. Cf.
            revalorization.
            valuable (1) that can be valued, given a value,
            esp. in units of money. (2) that has some or
            much value in units of money: A valuable work
            of art/asset. See also valuables, p/. (3) that has
            value in use, regardless of price: Good judgment
            is a valuable quality in a manager. The telephone
            is a valuable aid to a busy merchant.
            valuable consideration see under conside-
            ration.
            valuables p/. things, esp. personal property,
            having some or much value in units of money
            if sold in the market: He has a house full of
            valuables, full of things of much value.
            valuation (1) the act or process of fixing or
            estimating the value of something. (2) the value
            so fixed or estimated, expressed in units of
            money. (3) ACCTS. (a) the process of arriving at
            the probable present value of the assets of a
            business. (5) the value so arrived at. This value
            is needed in preparing the balance sheet. (4)
            TAXN. the value of real property, i.e. of land
            and buildings, fixed by the central government
            valuation officer, on which a local government
            authority bases the amount of the rates payable
            on the property. See quinquennial valuation
            below. (5) the value of the estate of a person
            who has died. See probate valuation below.
            inventory valuation see stock valuation below.
            probate valuation in Britain, the fixing of the
            value of the assets of a person who has died,
            to arrive at the value of his estate, on which
            capital transfer tax (C.T.T.) is payable. Stocks
            and shares are valued for probate at the lower
            quoted price on the date of death, plus a quarter
            of the difference between that price and the
            higher quoted price. Thus stock quoted at 96-
            98 will be valued at 964 for C.T.T. Syn. valu-
            ation for probate.
            quinquennial valuation in Britain, a valuation
            of real property, i.e. land and buildings, made
            usu. every five years, to provide a basis on
            which the rates (taxes paid to the local govern-
            ment authority) are charged. The valuation is

            (2) to confirm
            I can validate

            made by a valuation officer in the service of the
            central government and is called the rateable
            value.
            stock valuation the fixing of the value of the
            stock (inventory) of a business at the end of the
            accounting year, to provide the figure needed ip
            preparing the balance sheet. In a company, the
            directors are responsible for fixing this value.
            and usu. base it on cost or market value
            whichever is the lower, Syn. inventory valy-
            ation. See also current cost accounting.

            value nv. (1) the quality of being useful, of satisfy-
            ing Man’s wants; or of being desirable for hig
            enjoyment or happiness. Usefulness; utility:
            desirability. (2) ECON. THEORY the amount of
            satisfaction that is obtained from an article.
            commodity or service. See value in use. (3)
            ECON. THEORY the amount that can be obtained
            for something by exchanging it for money or
            goods. See value in exchange. (4) COM. what
            an article or commodity is worth: Good value
            for money, well worth the price.
            added value see value added.
            annual value see separate entry.
            assets value see separate entry.
            book value see separate entry.
            capital value see separate entry.
            capitalized value see capital value.
            exchange value see value in exchange.
            existing-use value a value of land and buildings
            based on the price obtainable in the open
            market for use for the same purpose as that for
            which it is at present being used, rather than
            the price that could be obtained if 1t was used
            for some other purpose.
            face value the value printed on a financial
            document such as a bank-note, stock or share
            certificate, postal or money order. See par
            value. Cf. market value.
            future value the value in the future of a present
            sum of money if invested at compound interest.
            F = P x (1 +r)" where F is the future value,
            P the present sum, r the interest on £1 for one
            year, and n the number of years. For example,
            £100 invested at 8% per annum for 5 years will
            produce a future value F of £100 x (1 + 0.08)
            = 100 x 1.085 = £146.93.
            gross value see separate entry.
            intrinsic value see separate entry.
            loan value see surrender value under surrender.
            market value see separate entry.
            nominal value see par value.
            no par value see no-par-value share under share.
            par value see separate entry.
            present value see separate entry.
            rateable value see annual under annual value.
            real value the amount of goods and services
            that a given sum of money can buy at a particu-
            lar time. A comparison of this amount at vari-
            ous times provides a means of measuring
            inflation.


                evince -p 538 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            a

            is high because the
            ity value a value that 1s ) .
            eae is large but the supply is small and is

            easily increased. |
            es aes the value of an article as scrap, 1.€.

            as waste material if fit for recovery, a
            scrap metal for remelting, or scrap paper lor
            ein valle see consumer’s surplus.
            surrender value see under surrender.
            trade-in value see under trade-in.
            use value see value in use.
            ». to set a value on, to estimate, or fix the value
            of, something. To value a house at £55,000. To
            value the stock of a business.

            value added ECON. THEORY the value that is
            added to a product by a particular producer or
            during a particular stage in the process of
            production or distribution. It is the difference
            between the producer’s sales and the amount
            that he has paid to his suppliers, i.e. it is the
            increase in value of the product as the result of
            the manufacturing and marketing operations
            performed on it.

            value added statement accts. an extra
            financial statement, increasing in popularity,
            which shows the exact breakdown of the
            expenses and revenues shown in the profit and
            loss account.

            value added tax see under tax. Abbr. V.A.T.;
            v.a.t.

            value analysis IND. the science of studying a
            product in very great detail to find out in what
            ways it can be altered so as to reduce its cost
            of production without lowering its quality or
            saleability. Cf. value engineering. Abbr. V.A.

            valued policy see agreed-value insurance under
            insurance, classes and kinds of.

            value engineering IND. the practice of making
            a very detailed scientific study of each stage in
            the manufacture of a product, to see what
            changes can be made to the process and
            machinery to reduce the cost of production
            without lowering the quality and saleability of
            the product. Cf. value analysis.

            value for money audit ACcTs. the examination
            of how well resources are used by a non-profit-
            making organization (e.g. a government
            department or a charity) whose output is not
            easily measured in financial terms. Abbr.
            V.F.M.

            value index see under index number(s).

            value in exchange ECON. THEORY the value of
            an article or commodity considered in relation
            to the price that can be obtained in exchange
            for it, either in units of money or in quantities
            of goods. Cf. value in use.

            value in use ECON. THEORY the value of an
            article or commodity considered only in
            relation to its usefulness to Man, not to its

            Price, or value in exchange. Cf. value in ex- -
            change.

            Veblen - 527

            value of money ECON. the quantity of goods
            and services that money will buy at a certain
            time; the buying power of a given sum of
            money. See purchasing power (2).

            valuer COM. a professional person who, for a fee.
            gives advice on the market value of property
            of any kind. Syn. (U.S A.) appraiser.

            value received BKG. words used in a bill of
            exchange to show that the bill is a means of
            payment for goods supplied or services perform-
            ed, to the value of the bill, and that it is not a
            means of transferring, e.g. a gift of money.

            value share IND. & COM. an expression of market
            share: the total sales revenue of a particular
            product stated as a proportion of the total sales
            revenue of the entire market. Cf. unit share.

            Value, Theories of see Labour Theory of
            Value: Cost of Production Theory of Value;
            Marginal Theory of Value. |

            van TRANSPT. (1) an enclosed motor vehicle for
            carrying goods, esp. furniture, parcels and
            small goods, by road. A motor van. (2) an
            enclosed railway wagon for goods and luggage.
            A guard’s van, a van in which the guard of a
            train rides, usu. with a space for parcels and
            luggage. (3) a lift-van, see container.

            van ship see container ship under container.

            van test see hall test.

            variable annuity see under insurance policy.

            variable budget FIN. & ACCTS. a budget that is
            not fixed, but can be varied from time to time
            if desired. Syn. flexible budget.

            variable cost see direct cost under cost.

            variable costing see marginal costing.

            variable expenses see under expenses.
            variable levy see import levy under levy.

            Variable Proportions, Law of see Diminish-
            ing Returns, Law of.

            variable rate mortgage see under mortgage.

            variance FIN. & MAN. in budgetary control, an
            amount by which a budgeted cost differs from
            the actual cost. Large variances draw attention
            to the need for explanation and, possibly, for
            stricter control of expenditure.

            Varityper an electric typewriter with a range of
            various type-faces and type-sizes, and a system
            for making all lines of equal length.

            V.A.T., v.a.t. value added tax.

            vatman TAXN. (collog.) in Britain, a tax official
            responsible for collecting value added tax
            (V.A.T.).

            vault BKG. a locked room, usu. below ground
            level, in a bank, where money and other valu-
            ables are stored. See also bonded vaults.

            V.C.R. video cassette recorder.

            V.D.T. visual display terminal.

            V.D.U. visual display unit.

            Veblen Thorsten Bunde (1857-1929), American
            economist who became a professor at Chicago
            University (1892) and is known as the founder
            of institutional economics. His best-known


                evince -p 539 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &


            528 - Veep

            books are: The Theory of the Leisure Class. An
            Economic Study of Institutions (1899), and The
            Theory of Business Enterprise (1904). He
            attacked the world of business finance and the
            social behaviour of the rich, originating the
            expressions ‘conspicuous consumption , AE.
            buying things only for show, and ‘pecuniary
            emulation’, i.e. matching one’s standard of
            living with that of one’s neighbours. |
            Veep (U.S.A. collog.) Vice-President, esp. of a
            company (from abdr. V.P.).
            vegetable 7. AGR. a plant, esp. one grown for
            food. Abbr. veg.
            adj. relating to plants: Vegetable oils, oils obtain-
            ed from plants, not from animals or minerals.
            vegetable parchment CoM. & IND. a special
            kind of paper for wrapping butter, fish and
            other greasy or wet commodities.
            vegetarian a person who does not eat meat.
            vegetation (1) the plants collectively that grow
            in a place or area. (2) plants generally.
            vehicle TRANSPT. any means of travel or trans-
            port, esp. a carriage that moves on wheels.
            Syn. conveyance.
            vehicle ferry see auto ferry.
            velocity of circulation ECON. THEORY of
            money, the speed at which money is passed
            from person to person in an economy. It is the
            average number of times that a unit of money
            is used in a given period, and can be roughly
            calculated by dividing the total spent in that
            period by the amount in circulation, including
            bank deposits; but this does not include cash
            dealings, which are most difficult to measure.
            The velocity of circulation has an important
            influence on the value of money, but it is
            difficult to calculate in practice. Also velocity
            of money.
            income velocity the number of times in a given
            period that one particular unit of currency
            forms part of some person’s income; the figure
            is obtained by dividing the gross national prod-
            uct by the total amount of money in circulation.
            transactions velocity the number of times in a
            given period that one particular unit of cur-
            rency forms part of a transaction, i.e. is spent;
            the figure is obtained by dividing the total
            volume of all sales by the total amount of
            money in circulation.
            vendee LAW a person to whom something is sold
            Cf. vendor.
            vender see vendor.
            vending machine see slot-machine; automat.
            vendor LAw a person who sells something, esp.
            the seller of a house or business. A/so vender.
            vendor placing see under placing.
            vendor's lien see under lien.
            vendors’ share see under share.
            vendue com. (U.S.A.) a public auction.
            venture n. COM. a business, or a business deal,
            in which there is some degree of risk, which is


            accepted in the expectation of making a profit:
            To start a new venture, to open a new business.
            A commercial venture, a deal made in the usual]
            course of business. A joint venture, see Separate
            entry. Syn. enterprise; speculation: adventure.
            v. to risk money in business in the expectation
            of making a profit.
            venture capital see risk capital under Capital, -
            verbal expressed in spoken words rather than in
            writing: A verbal offer/order/request. Syn. oral.
            verbatim (Latin, in the same words) repeating
            exactly the same words: A verbatim report of 4
            speech, etc., giving the exact words used by
            the speaker.
            verification of assets AcCcTs. the work of an
            auditor in checking the existence and the value
            of the assets of a business.
            verify to check the existence, correctness or
            truth of something, such as facts, accounts, a
            statement, the contents of a list or a parcel.
            Syn. to confirm.
            Veritas see Bureau Veritas.
            verso (1) the back of a document. (2) a left-hand
            page in a book. Cf. recto.
            versus LAW (Latin, against) a formal way of
            showing which party is bringing a lawsuit
            against the other or others: Jones versus Smith,
            Jones is suing Smith. Usu. abbreviated in use
            to V. or VS.
            vertical combination see vertical integration
            under integration.
            vertical expansion see expansion (2).
            vertical integration see under integration.
            vertical suspension filing see under filing
            system.
            vessel SHIPG. a ship or large boat.
            motor vessel see separate entry.
            vessel ton see under ton.
            vest LAW to give legal power: To vest a local
            government authority with power to hold public
            land. To vest property in a trustee.
            vested interests persons or groups of persons
            who hold a commanding position in the econ-
            omy because they have strong powers and
            rights over property, finance and_ business,
            which they are unwilling to lose.
            vesting date Law the date on which a new
            law comes into force and on which certain
            organizations such as government depart-
            ments, local government authorities and public
            corporations receive their new legal powers.
            vet. veterinary surgeon.
            veterinary surgeon AGR. a professional person
            who treats the diseases of domestic and farm
            animals. Syn. (U.S.A.) veterinarian. Abbr. vet.
            vexatious action see abuse of process.
            V.F.M. value for money (audit).
            via (Latin, by way of) (1) (a) by a particular route
            passing through one or more stated places: Jo
            travel to Glasgow via London. (b) by a particular
            means of communication: A message via radio-


                evince -p 540 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            telephone. (2) BKG. a copy of a bill . et
            in a set, the equivalent of a F = ; eae
            (First via of Ist via), pecan of Exchange
            (Second vid * | ed etc.
            ; ictoria, AUST ae
            ven ee liability LAW a responsibility al
            arises when a person authorizes another pel ban
            (gives him permission and power) to do remind
            thing for him which wrongs someone else;
            then both may be liable jointly as tortfeasors
            (persons who do a civil wrong). Cf. strict liab-
            ility. | _

            vice- prefix meaning in place of; next 1n impor-
            tance to: The vice-chairman, a person who acts
            in place of the chairman, when necessary,
            and who is next in importance to him. Vice-
            President, Vice-Consul. Syn. deputy.

            vice see inherent vice.

            vice propre see inherent vice.

            victimization the act of an employer in unfairly
            choosing certain of his employees for unkind
            treatment or dismissal because he personally
            dislikes them or because they make trouble for
            him, esp. during an industrial dispute or strike.
            See constructive dismissal.

            victual v. COM. (1) to supply, or provide with,
            victuals, i.e. food. (2) to obtain victuals. Pron.
            vitl.
            victuals n. p/. food, usu. ready for eating. Pron.
            vitlz.

            victualler (1) COM. a supplier of victuals, i.e.
            food. Licensed victualler, see separate entry. (2)
            SHIPG. a ship that carries supplies of food, etc.
            for a group of ships. Syn. supply-ship; store-
            ship. Pron. vitler.

            victualling bill sHIPG. a document prepared by
            the master of a ship declaring to the Customs
            details of all goods taken on board from a
            bonded warehouse or under drawback, to be
            used as ship’s stores on the coming voyage.
            Syn. bill of victualling. Abbr. vitling.

            videotape a magnetic tape for recording both
            sound and pictures, esp. of television or film
            programmes that can thus be shown later on
            an ordinary television screen. Cf. audiotape.

            videotex COMP. a group of informatics systems
            that show, usu. on a television screen, infor-
            mation received from a computer data bank.
            Syn. teletext.

            Viewdata comp. the system used by British
            Telecom for sending and receiving computer
            data (information) over public telephone lines.

            villein ECON. HIST. under the feudal system in
            Europe, one of a class of agricultural workers
            who were bound to do a certain amount of
            work for the lord of the manor, and in return
            were allowed to cultivate for their own profit
            some strips of their lord’s land. See feudal
            system. Syn. serf.

            V.LP. very important person.

            virtual memory see under memory.

            &

            ¢€¢& € &€ EC EC

            voice data entry - 529

            iS@ TRANSPT. & TOUR. an endorsement made on
            a document, esp. a passport, by the representa-
            tive of a foreign country, usu. a Consul, to
            show that the document has been checked and
            is in order, and allowing the holder to enter
            the country for a certain purpose and to stay
            for a stated period. Also visé.
            entry visa a visa that allows a foreign person
            to enter a country and to stay there for a stated
            period or permanently, usu. with freedom to
            obtain employment or to carry on business. A
            permanent entry visa allows the holder to stay
            permanently.
            re-entry visa a visa that allows the holder of an
            entry visa, who has temporarily left the coun-
            try, to re-enter it. A multiple re-entry visa allows
            the holder to re-enter any number of times
            during the period of his entry visa.
            tourist visa a visa that allows a traveller to enter
            a country for a stated period as a tourist or
            private visitor, on condition that he does not
            obtain employment or carry on a business.
            transit visa a visa that allows a traveller to
            make only a short stop while passing through
            the country, not to stay in it.

            isible adj. that can be seen; open to view, not
            hidden.
            visibles n. pi. ECON. imports and exports of
            goods, as compared with invisible items of
            trade such as payments for services.

            isible balance see balance of payments; bal-
            ance of trade.

            isible exports see under exports, pi.

            isible imports see under imports, pi.

            isible reserve see under reserves.

            isiting card see calling card.

            isual control board MAN. a method of show-
            ing very clearly by means of movable markers
            on a board or wall, a summary of important
            facts, such as the progress of work on a contract
            or in production, and the movement of stores
            or stocks.

            isual display terminal see visual display unit.
            Abbr. V.D.T.

            isual display unit Comp. an electronic screen
            on which computer information is displayed
            (presented) in a form that can be read by the
            human eye. Abbr. V.D.U. Also visual display
            terminal (V.D.T.).

            ital statistics ECON. THEORY statistics that
            relate to the lives of human beings, such as, of
            population, births, deaths, occupations, age
            groups, diseases, accidents and education.

            ocation a trade, profession or occupation: the
            kind of work that one does for a living. Adj.
            vocational.

            ocational training training in a trade or oc-
            cupation, esp. a course of training in a vo-
            cational school.

            oqgue see fashion (2).

            oice data entry Comp. the ability of a com-



                evince -p 541 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            530 - void

            puter system to recognize spoken instructions,
            which it then converts into digital signals. re

            yoid LAW of no legal effect, considered as bang
            no legal existence and therefore not recognize
            by the courts. Thus, a contract to pertorm ‘a
            illegal act is void; it will not be suppor ted by
            a court of law and 1s therefore not legally
            binding. Cf. voidable.

            yvoidable Law of an agreement (1) that can be
            declared void; (2) that can be avoided by a
            refusal to be bound by it. Cf. void.

            voidable contract see under contract.

            void contract see under contract.

            vol. volume.
            volatile STK. & COMMOD. EXCH. of markets,

            quickly changing, with prices rising and falling
            in generally unsettled conditions. Opp. steady;
            firm.
            volt the S.I. unit of electric potential, 1.e. the
            pressure of an electric current. Addr. V.
            volume (1) the space occupied by something,
            expressed in cubic units of measurement, such
            as cubic metres (m°) or cubic feet (cu. ft). See
            cubic or solid measure table on page 544. (2) a
            total amount or quantity. The volume of trade
            between two countries. The volume of business]
            production/output. (3) a bound book, esp. one
            of a set or series of several such books. (4) the
            total number of shares traded on the Stock
            Exchange on a particular day, which, with the
            figure for turnover, gives a measure of the
            amount of business done that day. See turn-
            over. |
            volume business CoM. trading only in very
            large quantities of goods, usu. at wholesale.
            volume index see quantity index under index
            number(s).
            volume of trade ECON. the total amount of
            goods bought for money in a given period.
            volume share see unit share.
            volumetric ton see vessel ton under ton.
            voluntary done or made willingly, by choice,
            without being forced: A voluntary payment/
            contribution/donation. Opp. compulsory ; obliga-
            tory.
            voluntary absentee see absentee.
            voluntary chains see symbol groups.
            voluntary contributor see under contributor.
            voluntary groups see symbol groups.
            voluntary liquidation see winding-up.
            voluntary sale see under sale.
            voluntary saving see under saving.
            voluntary settlement see under settlement.
            voluntary stranding see stranding.
            voluntary unemployment see under unem-
            ployment.
            voluntary winding-up see under winding-up.
            vostro account BKG. (/talian, your account) the
            account of a bank with an agent or correspond
            ent in a foreign country and recorded in the
            currency of the bank’s own country. The expres-

             &
            ae
            a
            =


            sion means ‘your account with us in the cur-
            rency of our country’. Cf. loro account; nostro
            account.

            vote v. to make a formal expression of one’s
            choice or wish, such as in electing a person
            to an office, or in choosing the winner of a
            competition, or in deciding for or against
            proposal. Voting may be organized in various

            ways: by voice, each voter calling Aye (yes) or |

            Nay (no); by a show of hands; by a poll.
            by ballot; or by division, the voters being
            separated into groups. In each case the votes
            for and the votes against are counted and the
            decision is that for which the greatest number
            of votes were given. Jo vote for or against.
            n. (1) the act of expressing a choice or wish by
            voting: To take a vote of the members. (2) a
            right to vote: Each share carries a vote.
            casting vote see separate entry.
            voteless share see non-voting share under
            share; voting right.
            voting right STK. EXCH. the right of a holder of
            shares in a company to attend and vote at
            General Meetings of the company. Such rights
            are usu. held by holders of ordinary shares and
            not by holders of voteless or non-voting *A’
            ordinary shares. In certain conditions the hold-
            ers of debentures have the right to vote at these
            meetings.
            differential voting the state that exists when
            some of a company’s shares carry the right to
            vote and some do not.
            voting share see under share.
            voucher (1) ACCTS. a receipt for money paid. (2)
            any document that proves or supports an entry
            in the accounts, e.g. a petty-cash voucher.
            gift voucher see gift token.
            luncheon voucher see separate entry.
            tax voucher see dividend warrant.
            vouching ACCTS. the responsibility of an auditor
            in carefully checking all vouchers and other
            documents, such as invoices, that prove or
            support the accuracy of entries in the accounts
            and that provide authority, esp. for payments
            made by the business.
            voyage SHIPG. a journey made by a ship, from
            the moment she sails from one port to the
            moment she enters another port. Syn. passage.
            voyage charter see under charter.
            voyage policy seeunder insurance policy.
            V.P. Vice-President.
            V.P.P. value payable post wpa
            vS. versus.
            VT, Vt. Vermont, U.S.A.
            V.T.R. videotape recorder.


                evince -p 542 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &


            d-line); watt.

            Ww winter loading (on loa
            est.
            W Washington, U.S.A.
            W.A. with aaa paid for human work. (2)
            wage sie or ane based on hourly, daily,
            us ie ot piece-work rates: The daily wage of
            y Pera) worker is £10. He receives a wage
            of £50 a week. See also wages, pl.
            hasic wage the amount on which the wages
            earned by a worker are calculated. See basic
            -rate.
            ind wage the rate of pay earned by a
            aew employee. Syn. probationer wage; hiring
            rate; starting pay. :
            gross wage the total amount earned during a
            period, including bonuses, overtime and any
            special payments, before any deductions are
            made. Cf. net wage.
            guaranteed wage an agreement between
            employers and trade unions by which workers
            in an industry are guaranteed (promised) a
            minimum amount of wages each week,
            whether or not there is work for them to do.
            incentive wage any system of wages in which
            the earnings of the worker vary according to
            his output, or productivity, such as piece-work,
            or a bonus system.
            living wage see living.
            minimum wage see separate entry.
            net wage the gross wage reduced by all deduc-
            tions, such as for P.A.Y.E., income tax,
            national insurance contributions, pension fund
            contributions and union dues.
            piece wage see piece-work.
            time wage see time-work.
            wage-ceiling see under ceiling.
            wage differential see differential pay.
            wage drift MAN. & IND. REL. the difference
            between the basic wage or wage-rate and the
            total earnings of a worker, including any bonus
            and overtime payments.
            wage-earner IND. & COM. a person who works
            for a wage, as opposed to a person who is paid
            a salary. Syn. (U.S.A.) wageworker.
            wage freeze see under freeze.
            Wage-Fund Theory see Wages-Fund Theory.
            wage-packet (1) the envelope in which a wor-
            ker is given his wages on pay day, usu. weekly.
            (2) a general expression for the amount of
            money people actually receive in wages after
            deductions. See take-home pay.
            Wage-price spiral see inflationary spiral.
            Wager see bet.
            vee contragt See under contract,
            whek Policy INSCE. an insurance policy in
            one of the parties has no insurable


            < <

            <- < <€

            ¢
            —————————————xo<———— = =8@uKRDnrhr
            wages of management - 531

            interest. Such a policy is a wagering contract
            and will not be held by a court of law to be
            binding on the insurer. Cf. aleatory insurance.
            vages pi. (1) regular income from employment,
            usu. paid weekly in an envelope, but perh.
            daily for casual or temporary workers. (2) the
            earnings of weekly-paid employees who work
            with their hands or do the simpler jobs in an
            office, as opposed to monthly salaries earned
            by supervisors and managers. (3) ECON. THEORY
            the price or reward of labour considered as one
            of the factors of production. Cf. rent; interest.
            (4) income from all forms of employment,
            including the salaries, commission, ¢tc. of
            supervisors and managers. | |
            fair wages the rates of wages usual in a particu-
            lar trade in the area where the work is done.
            See fair wages clause.
            money wages the amount of actual money
            received or paid as wages, as opposed to the
            real wages (i.e. the amount of goods and ser-
            vices that money wages will buy).
            nominal wages money wages, not real wages.
            real wages the amount of goods and services
            that can be bought with a worker’s money
            wages. |

            yages clerk MAN. a clerk employed in an office
            to deal with the complicated work of paying
            the employees their wages or salaries and of
            keeping detailed records of such payments.
            Syn. pay-roll clerk.
            yvages floor see under floor.

            Vages-Fund Theory ECON. THEORY a view
            held by a number of classical economists in the
            early nineteenth century, that since wages must
            be paid before the product is sold, the money
            must come out of a fund of the national capital,
            called the wages fund. It was thought that the
            size of the fund was fixed by the amount of
            the national capital, and it followed that the
            average wage was therefore determined by the
            number of workers in the population; there
            could be a general increase in wages only if
            there were fewer workers or if profits were
            reduced. Since the population was then in-
            creasing, wages ought, by this reasoning, to
            have fallen to around subsistence level, but this
            was clearly not happening. The theory was
            proved to be basically false because there is no
            fixed wages fund. Also Wage-Fund Theory.
            Vages, lron Law of see Subsistence Theory of
            Wages.

            Vages, Marginal Productivity Theory of
            see Marginal Productivity Theory of Wages.
            Vages, Minimum of Existence Theory of
            see Subsistence Theory of Wages.

            /ages of management ECON. THEORY in a
            business enterprise, that part of the total profit
            that can be considered as being due to the
            Owner or entrepreneur for his work in manag-
            ing the enterprise. They are the wages that he



                evince -p 543 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            532 - wages sheet

            f he hired his services as
            r enterprise of a similar size
            ings of management.

            could command 1
            manager to anothe
            and nature. Syn. earl

            ay-roll (1). | |

            es sheet see pay-ro eT
            noon Subsistence Theory of see Subsis
            ; » of Wages. .
            aoe Ne ae that branch of

            Wages Theory ECON. THEORY oa
            economics that attempts to explain what in!

            a 2 “wages, é 1d
            ences determine the re Saas Sad
            hy: WEEN A eee shaonieeeeec tbe
            places. The three main wage theories - nue
            Subsistence Theory; the Wages-F und Theory,
            and the Marginal Productivity Theory.

            wageworker see wage-carner.

            on see wagon.

            aie n. ase (1) any large road vehicle
            with four wheels, usu. drawn by horses, for
            carrying large or heavy loads of goods. (2) a
            railway goods-vehicle, esp. an open truck or a
            closed van. Also waggon.
            v. to travel by wagon; to move goods by wagon.

            wagonage TRANSPT. (1) the carriage of goods
            by wagon. (2) the charge made for this.

            wagon-lit TRANSPT. & TOUR. on the continent
            of Europe, a railway sleeping-car. P/. wagons-
            lits. Pron. vagon-lee.

            waiter (1) COM. a man who serves people with
            meals at table, esp. in a restaurant or hotel.
            Fem. waitress. (2) STK. EXCH. an attendant in
            uniform, employed by the Stock Exchange to
            Carry messages, papers, etc. about the House.

            waitress COM. a female waiter.

            waive LAW to give up one’s legal rights in a
            matter; to hold back from pressing a right or
            claim. He waived his (right to a) commission on
            the profits.

            waiver LAW the act of waiving, of giving up a
            right or not pressing a claim. See discharge of
            contract.

            walkout see strike.

            wallet (1) a note-case. Syn. (U.S.A.) a billfold.
            (2) an envelope that opens on the longer side.
            Cf. pocket.

            Wall Street sTK. EXCH. a popular name for the
            New York Stock Exchange, which is situated
            in Wall Street in New York. The expression
            sometimes includes also the various financial
            institutions such as banks and the money mar-
            ket which are grouped in and around Wall
            Street. The expression is the American equiva-
            lent of ‘The City’, meaning the City of London.
            Syn. The Street; The Big Board.

            Walras Marie-Esprit Léon (1834-1910), French
            economist and reformer, Professor of Political
            Economy at Lausanne, in Switzerland. He was
            one of the first to use mathematics in economic
            analysis, developing (independently of Jevons
            and Menger) a marginal utility theory of value.
            His greatest contribution to economics was
            his analysis of the automatic tendency in the
            economy towards a state of general equilib-

            rium. His chief book was Elements d'Economie
            Politique Pure (Elements of Pure Economics)
            (1874-7).
            wampum ECON. HIST. strings of shell beads used
            in the 17th and 18th centuries by some North
            American Indians to exchange as gifts with
            Europeans, and also as money until as late as
            the middle of the 19th century. The word js
            now used colloquially to mean money,
            W.A.N. wide area network.
            want ECON. THEORY a desire for a commodity or
            service to satisfy a human need or wish. Only
            those wants are of interest to the economist
            that are satisfied by spending purchasing
            power, and it is these wants that are the basis
            of effective demand.
            ward (1) LAW in Britain, an infant in the care
            and protection of a guardian. Such a person is
            in ward. A child in ward.
            ward of court see ward in chancery under Chan-
            cery, Court of.
            (2) one of the districts into which a town or
            city is divided for administrative purposes,
            such as electing councillors.
            warden a person having responsibility for keep-
            ing or managing some place or organization
            such as a port, a college, or a hostel. Cf. warder.
            See also traffic warden.
            warder a person employed to guard prisoners
            in a prison. Cf. warden. Fem. wardress.
            ware CoM. formerly goods for sale as merchan-
            dise; now combined with another word: Hard-
            ware, stoneware, silverware, kitchenware, things
            used in a house, home, restaurant, etc.
            wares pl. articles for sale, esp. if carried by a
            travelling seller such as a hawker or pedlar.
            warehouse CoM. & IND. (1) a room or building
            for storing wares, i.e. goods intended for sale
            as merchandise. (2) any place where other
            goods, not necessarily intended for sale, may
            be stored, such as a furniture warehouse. Abbr.
            w’hse. Syn. depot; store; stores; godown.
            bonded warehouse see separate entry.
            customs warehouse see bonded warehouse.
            queen’s warehouse in Britain, a warehouse
            belonging to, or approved by, the government
            in which crown property is stored, as well
            as privately-owned goods such as passengers’
            baggage, and ships’ stores.
            uptown warehouse a bonded warehouse that is
            some distance away from the port area of a
            seaport.
            warehouse-keeper com. a person responsible
            for the safe keeping of goods in a warehouse.
            He is in the position of a bailee, and must take
            good care of them. He has a lien on the goods
            for the price of their storage
            warehouse-keeper’s order CoM. & TAXN. a
            formal order signed by a customs officer to a
            warehouse-keeper authorizing the release of
            bonded goods usu. to a licensed carman or


                evince -p 544 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            ————

            } al to a ship for re-export.
            lighterman for eae a aes . salinesined
            The order usu. ta a ea: a
            to a bond warrant. 3 dgentere a signed
            se-keeper’s receipt COM. a Sign”
            warehou a that the goods stated in it
            receipt declaring It is a document
            are held in a public warehouse. It is : aa
            of title but 1s not negotiable. res -_
            house receipt; warehouse-keeper's certincate,
            (U.S.A.) non-negotiable warehouse receipt.
            warehouseman (1) a man employed in a ware-
            house. (2) a person in charge of a warehouse,
            see warehouse-keeper. . |
            warehouse price see spot price under price. ;
            warehouse receipt see warehouse-keeper’s
            receipt. Abbr. W.R.
            warehouse warrant see bond warrant; dock
            warrant. Abbr. W/W.
            warehousing (1) COM. & IND. a charge made
            for storing goods in a warehouse, usu. based
            : on the amount of floor space or cubic space Vv
            | taken. Syn. storage (charge). (2) STK. EXCH. see
            | creeping takeover under takeover.
            ' warehousing entry see under customs entry. —V
            Warks. Warwickshire, England.
            | warrant n. (1) a formal document that gives
            somebody legal authority to do something: Av
            dividend warrant, an authority to a bank to pay
            a dividend. (2) COM. a receipt for goods stored
            | in a public warehouse. (3) LAW a document
            signed by a magistrate authorizing an officer
            | of the court or the police to arrest a person, or
            to make a search of a named place, or to
            seize property that may have been stolen or
            unlawfully hidden, etc. v
            bond warrant see separate entry.
            deferred interest warrant see deferred interest v
            certificate.
            deposit warrant see dock warrant. Ww
            distress warrant a document authorizing an
            officer of the court to seize goods to obtain
            payment of rent, rates, taxes in arrears, or
            unpaid fines.
            dividend warrant see separate entry.
            dock warrant see separate entry.
            duplicate warrant see entry for free goods under
            customs entry.
            general warrant a warrant for the arrest of any
            person or persons suspected of a crime, without
            the name of any person being given in the
            ) warrant.
            interest warrant a warrant, or order to a banker,
            to pay a stated sum as interest on government
            stock or on debentures and similar securities.
            Cf. dividend warrant; deferred interest war-
            rant.
            investment trust warrant FIN. a low-cost doc-
            ument giving the holder an option to buy, at
            some stated future date and at a stated price,
            shares in an investment trust.
            search Warrant a legal authority given by a
            magistrate to the police to search a place for

            warranty - 533

            property that may have been stolen, or may
            have been hidden by a bankrupt to avoid
            having to give it to his creditors.

            share warrant STK. EXCH. a legal document,
            issued by a company to a member shareholder,
            declaring that the bearer of the document has
            the right to a stated number of fully-paid shares
            in the company. The name of the member to
            whom the warrant is issued is not mentioned.
            The document is a negotiable instrument
            stock warrant see stock certificate.

            Treasury warrant in Britain, an order issued by
            the Treasury for the payment of money owing
            by the Exchequer.

            warehouse warrant see bond warrant, dock war-
            rant.

            wharfinger’s warrant see dock warrant.
            y. (1) to assure or promise firmly. (2) to guaran-
            tee.

            varranted CoM. & IND. guaranteed by the manu-
            facturers: Warranted 18 carat gold. Warranted
            free from impurities. Abbr. wd.; w/d.; Wtd.

            varrant of attachment Law a court order
            authorizing property to be seized. See attach-
            ment (2).

            varrant of attorney LAW a document signed
            by a debtor authorizing his solicitor (the
            attorney) to appear in court and to allow judg-
            ment to be made against the debtor. A person
            lending money sometimes demands such a
            document as security, on the condition that it
            will be used only if the debtor fails to repay
            the loan by the agreed date.

            yarrantee a person to whom a warranty is
            given.

            /arrantor a person who gives a warranty. Also
            warranter.

            arranty (1) LAW in a contract, a promise or
            binding statement which is not essential to the
            main purpose of the contract, so that a failure
            to honour a warranty does not cause the con-
            tract to be ended but may give the other party
            good reason to claim damages for breach of
            warranty. Cf. condition; guarantee. (2) INScE.
            a statement made by the insured declaring
            that facts given by him are true and that the
            msurance contract may be void if any of these
            facts prove to be untrue. (3) COM. a promise or
            statement by the seller to the buyer concerning
            the quality of goods or their fitness for a par-
            ticular _purpose. Without warranty, the goods
            ee being sold on the condition that the seller

            as No responsibility for any faults or imperfec-

            tions in the goods, and that the buyer has no
            right to return them or to claim damages or
            any other remedy.
            express warranty one that is Clearly stated in
            the contract document, e.g. that certain things
            will or will not be done, such as that an insured
            ship will not sail certain seas in winter, or
            will not carry certain kinds of cargo. See also



                evince -p 545 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &


            534 - Wash.

            lar-alarm warranty. ie es.
            ans warranty one that is not W riten a
            ae contract document but which both partie:

            . ‘included in the agreement
            contract 1S allowed by law.
            Wash. Washing eit
            fl > fauncerctee. Bs
            aah ane: crx, exci’ in ULSiAG) the ae
            practice, now illegal, by some dealers, of pr c
            tending to buy and sell a share at a high pr a
            -. order to give the public the idea that there
            is a good demand for the share in the market
            wastage (1) loss by wasting. (2) an amoun
            wasted. (3) the act of wasting, of being waste
            ful. (4) see labour wastage. |
            waste (1) LAW neglect of, or damage to, leasec
            property by the tenant. (2) ECON. failure by ar
            entrepreneur to use resources in such a way a:
            to produce the greatest possible satisfaction 0!
            wants: waste would not have happened if the
            entrepreneur had used his resources more
            wisely. (3) IND. useless material that is prod:
            uced in the course of a manufacturing process
            See waste product. (4) in mining, rock dug
            from a mine but having no mineral content
            Syn. spoil.
            waste product IND. a substance produced ir
            the course of a manufacturing process anc
            regarded by the manufacturer as useless fo!
            his purposes, but of value to other users, e.g.
            cotton-waste to cleaners and mechanics.
            wasting assets see under assets.
            watch sHIPG. (1) one of the two-hour or four.
            hour periods of duty kept (worked) by sailor:
            at sea. (2) the group of sailors who keep watch
            during the same period.
            water (1) SHIPG. the times of high and low tide.
            see high water; low water. (2) COM. (colloq.) T:
            be in deep water, in financial trouble. (3) Com.
            (collog.) To spend money like water, to spenc
            freely, wastefully.
            waters p/. an area of water, esp. at sea. /7
            British/ French waters. In coastal/inshore waters
            sea areas near the coast. See territorial waters
            waterage TRANSPT. (1) the carriage and delivery
            of goods by barge or boat, esp. on waterways
            such as rivers and canals. (2) the charge made
            for this.
            watered stock STK. EXCH. (1) shares in a com:
            pany that has raised its issued capital to <
            figure much greater than the value of its tan-
            gible assets. (2) shares in a company that ha:
            increased its issued capital by making only
            book entries, without obtaining any additional!
            capital in the form of money. (3) loan stock in
            a company that has increased the amount of
            its loan capital without making proper pro
            vision for paying the additional interest.
            watering-place Tour. (1) a seaside resort. (2

            a place where people go to drink the local
            water to cure an illness. Syn. spa.

            water-line sHIPG. the level of the water along
            the side of a floating ship. See load-line.

            water power IND. the force of moving or falling
            water used to drive machinery. See hydro-
            electricity.

            waterways see inland waterways. :

            watt the S.I. unit of power, being one joule
            per second. 745./0 W = 1 horsepower (hp).
            Abbr. W.

            Ww. Aus., W. Austr. Western Australia.

            way-bill TRANSPT. in inland road, rail and air
            transport, a document that is both a receipt for
            goods and a record of the existence of a con-
            tract of carriage. The carrier makes three cop-
            ies, keeps one, gives one to the consignor, and
            gives the third to the consignee when the goods
            are delivered. It is not a bill of lading and is
            not negotiable. Also waybill. Syn. consignment
            note. Abbr. W.B.

            way-leave LAW (1) a right of way to walk or
            drive over land belonging to another person.
            (2) (a) permission to place things in, on or
            over another person’s land, such as drains,
            waterpipes, telephone, telegraph and electric
            power lines, roads, railways, ropeways. (5) the
            money paid for such permission.

            ways and means FIN. (1) the organization and
            money needed to carry out a planned object:
            Let us discuss the ways and means of building a
            village hall. (2) methods and laws for raising
            money for the purposes of government.
            Committee of Ways and Means in Britain, a
            committee of the House of Commons that
            controls the country’s finances, esp. the ways
            in which the government obtains its money.
            The committee considers in great detail, before
            they are passed by Parliament, all taxes that
            need to be renewed annually, or that are being
            increased or otherwise changed. It also author-
            izes payments to be made out of the Consoli-
            dated Fund.

            ways-and-means advances FIN. short-term
            loans by the Bank of England, and sometimes
            also by government departments, to the Trea-
            Sury to meet temporary gaps in the receipt of
            revenue by the Exchequer.

            W.B. way-bill.

            w.c. without charge.

            wd., w/d. warranted.

            W.D.A. writing-down allowance.

            weak STK. EXCH. of market conditions, prices
            falling because demand is small and supplies
            are plentiful. Opp. strong.

            wealth ECON. (1) a stock of goods that are useful,
            scarce, and can be exchanged for a money
            price. See also accession; redistribution of
            incomes and wealth. (2) the state of being rich,
            of having a great store of valuable possessions:
            He is a man of wealth, he is rich. Developed


                evince -p 546 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            gape econo 36D: i SP AE AC

            countries ought to share their wealth with the les
            developed. Opp. poverty. Syn. affluence; riches
            national wealth see national capital under capi
            tal.
            wealthy adj. rich, affluent. —
            | Wealth of Nations see Smith, Adam.
            wealth, redistribution of see redistributior
            | of incomes and wealth.
            ) wealth tax see under tax.
            wear COM. & IND. goods for wearing; now usu.
            | combined with another word: Men'’s/women'’s/
            | children’s wear. Footwear, boots and shoes,
            socks and stockings. Underwear, underclothes.
            Winter/summer/sports/beach/evening/night wear.
            wear and tear ACCTS. & MAN. the reduction in
            the value of buildings, machinery and other
            capital assets caused by ordinary use and the
            passing of time.
            weather insurance see under insurance, classes
            and kinds of; a/so pluvius insurance.
            | weather side sHIPG. the windward side of a
            | ship. Opp. lee side.
            ) weather theory see trade cycle theories under
            cycle.
            | Weekly Earnings, Index of see Index of
            Weekly Earnings.
            weekly return see bank return.
            weighbridge TRANSPT. a machine for weighing
            vehicles and their loads.
            weight (1) the quality of heaviness caused by
            gravity (the pull of the earth). (2) the measure
            | of how heavy something is: The weight of the
            parcel is 10 kg. (3) any system of units for
            measuring and expressing heaviness: Avoirdu-
            pots weight ; troy weight. (4) a unit of weight: A
            pound ; a kilogram. (5) a metal object made to
            an exact weight, for use as a standard when
            | weighing articles, commodities or substances
            generally. (6) (fig.) a great amount of WOITy :
            | You have taken a weight off my mind. Abbr. wt.
            | dead weight see separate entry.
            | gross weight the full weight of a package before
            taking off any allowance for packing, etc. Cf.
            | net weight. Abbr. gr. wt.
            | net weight the actual weight of the goods, with-
            out packing or any kind of container. Cf. gross
            weight. Abbr. nt. wt.; n. wt.
            weighted average in statistical calculations,
            | an arithmetical mean that gives each item its
            7 proper weight or importance. The weighted
            average is calculated by first multiplying each
            item by a weight according to its importance
            relative to the other items, then totalling these
            Products and dividing by the total of the
            weights. For example, an investor buys three
            | parcels of shares: 600 shares at 50p, 100 at 45p,
            300 at 40p. To find the weighted average price,
            he uses as weights the number of shares bought
            at each price: 600 x 50, 100 x 45, 300 x 40 =
            30,000 + 4500 + 12,000 = 46,500. The total
            of the weights is 600 + 100 + 300 = 1000. The


            West End - 535

            weighted average price is 20 = 46.5p. By
            comparison, the simple (unweighted) average
            priceis50 + 45 + 40 = += = 45p. By weight-
            ing, proper importance is given to the greater
            number of shares bought at the highest price.

            weighted index see under index number(s).

            weighting in the calculation of averages, esp.
            those needed for index numbers, the method
            of giving a higher value to items that are judged
            more important than others so that their price
            or cost movements have a bigger effect on the
            index number. See weighted average; index
            number(s).

            weight note CoM. & TRANSPT. a document given
            by a dock company or authority stating the
            exact weight, size and other details of a con-
            signment of imported goods at the time it is
            unloaded from the ship. 7

            weights and measures see avoirdupois
            weight; corn and dry measure; cubic or solid
            measure; hay and straw measure; linear mea-
            sure; paper measure; square measure; sur-
            veyor’s measure; troy weight; also tables on
            pages 542-7.

            Weights and Measures, International
            Bureau of see International Bureau of
            Weights and Measures.

            weight ton see long ton under ton.

            welfare ECON. a condition of general happiness
            and well-being, when Man enjoys good health,
            comfortable living, rewarding work, personal
            freedom and security from unemployment.
            social welfare the work done by a number
            of government departments and some private
            organizations in looking after the welfare of the
            people. Also, public assistance: public welfare.
            See welfare state.

            welfare economics see under economics.

            welfare state a name given to a social system
            in which the government is responsible for
            looking after the welfare of the people, esp. in
            matters of social security, education, health
            and housing.

            well-heeled (collog.) of a person, rich; able to
            afford the good things of life.

            well off having enough money to live comfort-
            ably; fairly, but not very, rich: They have two
            cars and a boat so they must be well off. Syn.
            well to do; comfortably off.

            well to do see well off.

            welsh v. (collog.) (1) of a bookmaker, to cheat
            by leaving without paying what he owes to
            persons who have bets placed with him. (2)
            generally, to go away without paying one’s
            debts. N. welsher.

            West End an important district in the middle
            of London, in which there are many good shops
            theatres, hotels and offices, and expensive
            houses and flats.



                evince -p 547 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            536 - West(ern) European Time

            ) European Tim
            Greenwich Mean

            ea name sometimes
            Time (G.M.T.) to

            ar $ nish it from Fast(ern) EE re et
            DE T) which is two hours ahead of : fs #
            ei Central European Time, which 1s one f
            ahead of G.M.T. Abbr. W.E.T.

            rm) European Time. ;

            pi beh a dock in which the water 1s
            Kept continuously at the same level by means
            of locks or gates. This makes it possible for

            ships to load and unload cargoes at any time.

            Cf. dry

            wet goods COM.
            nature and are pac
            dry goods. |

            W.E.U. Western European Union.

            wey AGR. in Britain, (a) a measure of corn, see
            corn and dry measure table on page 544. (b) a
            measure of wool, 64 tods of 28 Ib or 182 |b
            (82.554 kg). 2 weys = | sack of wool, 364 Ib
            (165.108 kg).

            Wf. wharf.

            W.E.T.U. World Federation of Trade Unions.

            wharf sHIPG. a quay provided with sheds (build-
            ings for storing goods) and other essential ser-
            vices including Customs, water and fuel
            supplies, telephones, cranes, railway and road
            arrangements, etc. See quay. P/. wharves or
            wharfs. Abbr. Wf. ; Whf. Pron. worf, worvz.
            sufferance wharf a place in a port where the
            customs authorities allow ships to load and
            unload dutiable goods under a bill of suffer-
            ance.
            wharfage sHIPG. (1) the payment a shipowner
            makes for using a wharf. (2) the charge for
            storing goods at a wharf. Syn. wharf dues.
            wharf dues see wharfage.
            wharfinger SHIPG. a person or organization that
            owns or manages a wharf. Pron. worfinjer.
            wharfinger’s receipt see under receipt.
            wharfinger’s warrant see dock warrant.
            wheeler-dealer CoM. a popular name for a
            clever, forceful businessman who is too ready
            to use unfair means to get what he wants in
            his dealings with others.
            wherewithal the money and other things
            needed for making or doing something: He has
            not the wherewithal to start his own business, he
            has not the necessary amount of capital.
            Whf. wharf.
            white coal IND. moving or falling water, when
            used as a means of power to drive machinery.
            Hydro-electric power.
            white-collar workers IND. office workers (in
            reference to their clean working clothes). Cf.
            iit workers. Syn. black-coated wor-
            ers, blackcoats.
            beta. a Shas white household fabrics
            , €tc. and equipment such as

            refrigerato .
            ware rs, washing machines. Syn. white-

            West(ern

            goods that are of a liquid
            ked in bottles or barrels. Cf.


            . tral London ip
            hitehall (1) a street im cen

            ogiieh there are many government offices. (2)

            the British Government or its policy. Cf. White

            e. ?
            white House (1) the official residence of the

            President of the United States of America. (2)
            the American Government or its policy. Cf.
            Whitehall.
            white knight sTK. EXCH. (collog.) a person
            or organization who takes action to help a
            company to defend itself in a takeover battle,
            usu. in return for some payment.
            white paper (1) LAW an official report of the
            British Government on a matter of public
            interest, esp. one being considered by Parlia-
            ment. (2) BKG. see fine paper.
            white sale see under sale.
            Whitsun see quarter-day. |
            whizz-kid a bright young person with a quick
            and inventive mind, who becomes highly suc-
            cessful, esp. in business. 7
            W.H.O. World Health Organization. |
            whole-life policy see under insurance policy.
            wholesale com. the sale of goods in large quan-
            tities, esp. to retailers or jobbers, not to con-
            sumers: To buy and sell by wholesale, in large
            quantities, on a large scale, not in small
            amounts. Cf. retail.
            wholesale co-operative see under co-operat-
            ive.
            wholesale price see under price.
            wholesaler com. a person or company dealing
            only in large quantities of goods, buying in
            bulk from producers, manufacturers, importers
            and other wholesalers, and selling in smaller
            quantities to shopkeepers. Cf. retailer. Syn.
            merchant.
            wholesale trade see under trade.
            w' hse warehouse.
            WI Wisconsin, U.S.A.
            wide area network COMP. a computer network
            system in which the terminals are scattered
            over a wide geographical area. Cf. local area
            network. Abbr. W.A.N.
            wide price see under price.
            wider-range investments see trustee invest-
            ments.
            widow's pension see under pension.
            wife's earned income allowance TAXN. in
            Britain, a married taxpayer whose wife earns
            an income will be allowed a certain amount of
            her earnings free of tax, in addition to the
            married man’s personal allowance.
            wildcat adj. COM. & MAN. of a business, managed
            irresponsibly, taking unreasonable risks with-
            out providing for the possibility of loss: A
            wildcat enterprise/scheme
            v. to explore for oil or gas or to dig a mine
            in areas believed not to be productive. N.
            wildcatter.

            wildcat strike see under strike.


                evince -p 548 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            a

            word

            will LAW a formal document in which a person
            states how and by whom he wishes his pos-
            sessions to be distributed after his death. The
            person making the will is called the lestator:
            any person appointed by him to administer his
            affairs after his death is called an executor, OF
            ‘¢ female, an executrix; the possessions left by
            the testator form his estate; and the person or
            persons receiving gifts of property of any kind
            under the will are heirs, legatees and beneficia-
            ries. Syn. testament.
            will, tenant at see tenant at will.
            Wilts. Wiltshire, England.
            Winchester bushel see bushel.
            Winchester disk Comp. a fixed disk.
            windfall FIN. (1) money or property received or
            gained unexpectedly; a piece of good fortune:
            A windfall gift/legacy. (2) a financial result that
            was not foreseen: A windfall profit/loss, due
            usu. to an unexpected change in prices. See
            windfall profit under profit.
            winding-up LAW & STK. EXCH. the process of
            bringing to an end the existence of a company
            or a partnership, and the settling of its affairs,
            i.e the sale of its assets, the payment of its
            debts, and the division of any surplus among
            the members. Syn. liquidation.
            compulsory winding-up see separate entry.
            voluntary winding-up (a) of a partnership, the
            ending of the firm by agreement between the
            partners. (5) of a company, the ending of the
            company by agreement between the members,
            usu. without the supervision of the court: or
            by the creditors acting together as a group, usu.
            with, but sometimes without, the supervision
            of the court. See liquidation; liquidator. Syn.
            voluntary liquidation.
            winding-up sale see forced sale under sale.
            windjammer SHIPG.a sailing ship.
            window-dressing (1) Com. the act of making
            a show of goods in a shop window to attract
            customers. (2) FIN. the unfair practice of mak-
            ing a business matter look attractive by hiding
            its faults and difficulties.
            window-shopping Cos. the practice of some
            members of the public who find it amusing to
            look at goods in shop windows but do not buy
            anything.
            wind up LAW & STK. EXCH. to close; to bring
            to an end the existence of a partnership or
            company. See winding-up.
            windward sHIPG. of a ship, on or towards the
            side that is facing the wind. Syn. weather side.
            Opp. leeward; lee side.
            W.1.P. work(s) in progress.
            wire n. (collog.) a telegram.
            v. (collog.) to send a telegram.
            wireless radio: A wireless message, a message
            sent by radio.
            Wis. Wisconsin, U.S.A.


            \

            <

            , <a <@n <q <a ~<a ~<

            eeéc¢ééeéc€ €
            ee ed


            is and figures do not agree - 537

            with average MAR. INSCE. words on a marine
            insurance policy that covers all particular ave-
            rage losses, to show that a special rate of pre-
            mium is payable because the risk borne by the
            underwriter is higher than for a policy that
            does not cover average losses. See average (4).
            Abbr. W.A.

            vithdraw v BKG. to take out, to draw out, esp.
            money deposited in a bank. Opp. to deposit.
            withdrawal n. (1) the act of withdrawing money
            from a bank account. (2) an amount of money
            so withdrawn. Opp deposit.

            vithholding tax see under tax.

            vithout engagement com. words used by a
            seller when making a quotation to supply
            goods, esp. for export, meaning that the prices
            quoted are not binding on the seller and are
            liable to change without notice.

            vithout prejudice LAW without harming any
            existing right or claim; words which may
            appear at the top of a document, such as a
            solicitor’s letter, when the writer wishes to
            make it clear that he is not to be considered
            finally bound by the contents of the document,
            e.g. an offer to settle a disagreement. The words
            may also mean that the writer is agreeing to
            do something on this occasion, e.g. pay a claim,
            but that he is not to be considered bound to
            do the same on similar occasions in future. A
            letter headed without prejudice cannot be used
            in such a way as to harm the interests of either
            party to a negotiation or a disagreement; it
            cannot be produced as evidence in a court
            without the writer’s permission. Abbr. W.P.;
            W.D.

            vithout-profits policy see under insurance
            policy.

            vithout recourse see recourse.

            vith rights see cum rights under cum.

            vitness summons see subpoena

            Vk., wk. week

            V/M weight or measurement.

            V.N.A. winter North Atlantic loading (on load-
            line).

            v/o without.

            v.O. wireless operator; written order.

            v.0.b. washed overboard.

            v.0.C. without compensation.

            v.0.g. with other goods.

            Vorcs. Worcestershire, a former county in Eng-
            land, now part of the new county of Hereford
            and Worcester.

            vord processor see under processor. Abbr.
            W.P., w.p.

            vords and figures do not agree BKG. & LAW
            a note written or stamped on a cheque or other
            document or instrument of payment. Some
            bankers pay the lower amount; others pay the
            amount stated in words; and others refuse
            payment, and refer the payee to the drawer.
            See amounts differ.

            aot caer ee) See LAT eer ee ee”




                evince -p 549 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            538 - workaholic

            ‘eollog.) somebody who is ‘addicted’
            to work, Oe owt long hours and whose
            life is dominated by his or her work.

            work-day see working day. —

            worker director see under director. |

            worker participation see co-ownership of

            stanton IND. strictly, all the employees of an
            organization. However, this word is sometimes
            used to describe just the blue-collar employees.

            working account see trading account.

            working capital see under capital.

            working class that part of the population that
            consists mainly of labourers and other workers
            who work with their hands, as opposed to the
            middle and professional classes who usu. work
            mainly in offices.

            working-class adj. He comes from a working-

            class home.

            working couple a man and his wife who are
            employed to work together in domestic service,
            the man usu. as a butler or a valet, the woman
            as a cook or a maid.

            working day (1) the hours during which work
            is done, e.g. in an office or factory. (2) a day
            on which people work, as opposed to a holiday.

            Syn. work-day.

            working expenses see overhead expenses
            under expenses.

            working man/woman a person who works,
            esp. with his or her hands.

            working partner see acting partner under part-
            ner.

            working population ECON. the number of per-
            sons in a country who have a job at a given
            time.

            working to rule action taken by employees,
            against the interests of their employers, by
            working exactly to the rules of the organization,
            and therefore working more slowly. Cf. go
            slow; work-to-rule.

            work in process (U.S.A.) see work(s) in pro-
            gress.

            work(s) in progress ACCTs. the value of goods
            in the course of manufacture, 1.e. of goods only
            partly completed, at the end of the accounting
            year. Syn. (U.S.A.) work in process; goods in

            progress. Abbr. W.I.P.

            work load see under load (2).

            workman (1) a man who works, esp. with his
            hands. (2) a worker who is skilled in one of the
            industrial arts such as carpentry, metal work,
            plumbing and painting. A skilled tradesman.

            workmanlike IND. done with skill: A workman-
            like piece of furniture, well made.

            workmanship IND. (1) the skill of a specialized
            workman. (2) the quality of the work done
            in making something: Shoes of excellent/poor
            workmanship.

            work measurement MAN. & IND. the process
            of measuring and calculating the time taken

            workaholi

            by a qualified worker to do a certain job of
            work to a fixed standard or quality. Cf. work
            study.

            workmen's compensation see under compen.
            sation.

            work permit see under permit.

            works p/. IND. a factory or workshop.

            work, sale of see sale of work.

            works manager see under manager.

            workstation COMP. 4 stand-alone word procesg.
            ing or computing facility. The term is also
            used more widely to describe any information
            technology terminal where a person may pro-
            cess data.

            work study see method study.

            work-to-rule a means used by employees of
            putting pressure on their employer by refusing
            to work overtime, by working slowly, and by
            keeping strictly to the factory’s rules or other
            rules. Cf. working to rule.

            World Bank see International Bank for Recon-
            struction and Development.

            World Federation of Trade Unions
            (W.F.T.U.) IND. REL. an international labour
            Organization, with its offices in Prague,
            Czechoslovakia, to which belong the national
            labour federations mainly of the communist
            countries of Eastern Europe led by the
            U.S.S.R. Cf. International Confederation of
            Free Trade Unions.

            World Health Organization (W.H.O.) a spe-
            cial agency of the United Nations, with its
            offices in Geneva. Its purpose is to improve
            the health of the peoples of the world, to
            control diseases by training workers, by giving
            guidance to governments and by collecting
            and spreading useful information on health
            problems.

            world language see under language.

            world money see under money.

            worn coinage see debasement of coinage.

            worth adj. (1) having an amount of value in
            exchange: This article is worth £5/a fortune/its
            weight in gold. One share in Company A is worth
            three shares in Company B. She is not worth her
            keep, her services are not worth the cost of her
            wages. (2) of relative value: Your plan is worth
            studying. The ship is not worth repairing. The
            Journey is not worth the trouble and expense of
            making it.

            n. (1) quality; excellence: A man of worth. A
            jewel of the highest worth. (2) value measured
            in units of money: We give good money’s worth,
            good value for your money. (3) the value of the
            assets or capital of a business.
            money’s worth see money.
            net worth see separate entry.
            present worth see present value.
            total worth see assets value.

            worthless having no value or worth: A worthless



                evince -p 550 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            ————————

            cheque, a cheque that ts returned unpaid. A
            worthless venture, an unprofitable enterprise.
            worth while adv. profitable, rewarding: The
            | work would not be worth while, not worth the
            | time spent on it.
            worthwhile adj. worth the time or trouble
            needed: A worthwhile journey.
            W.P., w.p. without prejudice, weather permit-
            | ting; word processor/processing.
            | _w.P.A. with particular average.
            w.R. warehouse receipt.
            wrapping light materials used for covering and
            packing goods, esp. paper, cardboard. cloth,
            | sacking, plastics.
            | gift-wrapping see separate entry.
            wreck (1) SHIPG. a ship that has been abandoned
            | (left with nobody on board) at sea and has
            | been driven on shore or has sunk to the bottom.
            (2) MAR. INSCE. an insured thing, esp. a ship,
            that is so badly damaged that it can no longer
            be used for its intended purpose.
            : wreckage TRANSPT. & SHIPG. (1) goods driven on
            shore from a wrecked ship. (2) broken pieces of
            | a wrecked ship or aircraft. Cf. flotsam; jetsam.
            writ LAW in Britain, a document issued by an
            official of a court of law in the name of the
            | monarch, commanding the person to whom it
            is addressed to do, or to stop doing, some stated
            | act. A writ of summons is a writ issued by the
            | High Court at the request of a plaintiff as
            ) the first step in a lawsuit; it commands the
            | defendant to appear before the court and to
            ) give an answer to the claim, unless he decides
            to admit it. A writ of execution is a writ issued
            for the purpose of putting into effect a judg-
            ment of the court by forcing the defendant to
            | pay or to perform what the court has com-
            | manded; it is usu. addressed to one of the
            court’s officers, ordering him to do some act,
            such as to seize some stated property.
            service of writs see service of process.
            | write (1) INSCE. to underwrite insurance busi-
            | ness, i.e. to accept liability under an insurance
            | contract: He has written £1 million of insurance
            | this month, he has made insurance contracts
            for this amount. (2) COMP. to introduce or feed
            | new information into the storage section of a
            computer.
            | write back v. ACCTS. to take action which is the
            | opposite to writing off or writing down; this
            becomes necessary when an asset which has
            been written off is unexpectedly found not to
            be valueless, such as when a debt which was
            | taken as bad is, after all, paid. N. a write-back.
            ) See write off; write down. Syn. write up.
            | write down v. ACCTS. to reduce, but not wholly
            ; to wipe out, the book value of an asset. N. a
            write-down. See write off; write back. Opp.
            write up.
            write off v. (1) ACCTS. to reduce to nothing
            the book value of an asset that has become

            x. in. - 539

            valueless, such as an unfortunate investment,
            a lease that has come to an end, or machinery
            that is worn out. Bad debts are written off by
            debiting them to a bad debts account, the
            balance of which will later be debited to the
            profit and loss account as a reduction of the
            profit. See write down; write back. (2) MAN. to
            abandon, to treat as useless, a plan or project.
            a write-off n. an amount written off; a thing
            abandoned.

            writer (I) LAw in Scotland, a writer to the signet,
            a lawyer similar to a solicitor in England. Abbr.
            W.S. (2) INSCE. an underwriter of insurance
            risks. (3) MAN. a clerk employed in an office.
            (4) sHipG. a clerk employed on board ship.

            writing-down allowance ACCTS. in the U.K.,
            the amount of annual depreciation on an asset
            which qualifies for tax relief under the capital
            allowance system. Abbr. W.D.A.

            write-up ACCTS. (mainly U.S.A.) to write back,
            ie. to increase the value of an asset, esp. when
            its market value has risen to become much
            higher than its original cost.

            wrong LAW an unjust act, esp. an act that harms,
            offends or interferes with a right. If it offends
            the right of a private person it is a private wrong
            or tort; if it offends a public right it is a public
            wrong or crime against the community.

            wrongful Law that which is wrong; that offends
            the law; unlawful.
            wrongful trading unlawful action taken by a
            company director which a reasonably careful
            and sensible person would not have taken.

            wrongful dismissal MAN. & LAW the act of
            dismissing an employee for a reason that is not
            admissible or serious enough to deserve such
            treatment. See also constructive dismissal.

            W.S. writer to the signet.

            wt. weight.

            Wtd. warranted.

            WV, W.Va. West Virginia, U.S.A.

            W/W warehouse warrant.

            WY, Wy., Wyo. Wyoming, U.S.A.

            x ex, excluding.

            x.a. ex all, excluding all benefits.

            x.b. ex bonus, excluding bonus shares.

            x.C. ex cap, excluding capitalization.

            x.Cp. ex coupon, excluding coupon.

            x.d., ex dist., x. dist. ex distribution, excluding
            distribution.

            x.d., ex div., x. div. ex dividend, excluding
            dividend.

            Xerox process a quick method of making cop-
            ies of documents, drawings, etc., by xerogra-
            phy.

            x. in. ex interest, excluding interest.



                evince -p 551 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            540 - x. new
            excluding new share issue.
            luding rights.

            =

            les).
            SN om an boat or small

            t sHIPG. a privately-o oe
            rs used for pleasure such as racing or cruls
            ing, not for commerce. Abbr. yt. Pron. yot.

            : (1) the sport of sailing a yacht.

            achting TOUR. / |
            (2) the practice of travelling or touring by

            yacht. Pron. yotting. |
            yachtsman SHIPG. & TOUR. a person who sails

            or owns a yacht. Pron. yotsman.
            Yankee (1) a person from New England, U.S.A.
            (2) a person from any of the northern states of
            the U.S.A. (3) a popular word for any citizen
            of the U.S.A. Abbr. Yank.
            Yankee$CD Yankee dollar certificate of
            deposit.
            Yankees STK. EXCH. stocks and shares in com-
            panies in the U.S.A.
            Y.A.R. York—Antwerp Rules.
            yard (1) a common measure of length in Britain,
            U.S.A. and some other English-speaking coun-
            tries, equal to 0.9144 metres and consisting of
            3 feet or 36 inches. See linear measure table on
            page 542. Abbr. yd. (2) enclosed ground near
            or around a building, or where some special
            activity takes place: A railway marshalling yard,
            a special area with many railway lines where
            carriages and wagons are made up into trains.
            See also shipyard.
            junk yard see under junk.
            sale yard AGR. a place where animals are bought
            and sold, usu. by auction.
            timber yard IND. a place where timber is stored
            and sold.
            yard-goods see piece-goods.
            yarding aGR. the number of animals sent by
            farmers to the sale yards: A small yarding of
            sheep sold at good prices.
            yard sale see garage sale.
            yardstick (1) a stick of wood 1 yard long, usu.
            marked in 36 divisions of 1 inch each, used
            esp. for measuring cloth. (2) (fig.) a standard,
            a model, or example with which other things
            can be compared or measured.
            Y/A Rules York-Antwerp Rules.
            yd. yard.
            year a period of 365/366 days reckoned by the
            sun, see calendar year below; or of 354 days
            reckoned by the moon, see lunar year below.
            Abbr. yr.

            accounting year the period of 12 months
            covered by the annual accounts of an organi-
            zation. See accounting period.

            year see under calendar.
            8

            x. new ex new,
            x.r. ex rights, exc

            xS. Excess.


            see separate entry.
            — aad moun entry. Syn. tax year.
            leap year a calendar year coming every fourth
            year, containing 366 days, the extra day being
            put at the end of February. |
            lunar year a period of about 354 days, consist-
            ing of 12 lunar months each of about 294 days
            reckoned: by the moon. ~
            sabbatical year see sabbatical leave under leave.
            tax year in Britain, the government financial
            year, from 6 April in one year to 5 April in the
            next year. Syn. fiscal year. 7

            yearbook a book, giving information on a sub-
            ject or group of subjects, published once every
            year: The Stock Exchange Yearbook. ,

            yearling bonds (yearlings) see local authority
            loans.

            yearly tenancy see tenant from year to year.

            years’ purchase FIN. the value of a property or
            a business calculated by multiplying the annual
            income from rent or profits by a certain number
            of years, the number of years being related to
            the degree of risk in getting the future income.
            Thus the value of a house let at a rent of £1000
            a year at 8 years’ purchase is £8000, giving a
            yield of 100/8 or 124%. The value of a business
            giving an average annual profit of £5000 at 3
            years’ purchase is £15,000, giving a yield of
            100/8 or 334%, which is high because of the
            future risks in a business.

            years, tenant for see tenant for years.

            year to year, tenant from see tenant from
            year to year.

            Yellow Book sTK. EXCH. the popular name for
            the book ‘Admission of Securities for Listing’
            issued by the London Stock Exchange, contain-
            ing in detail the rules that companies have to
            follow in order to have their shares included
            in the Official List. |

            Yellow Pages (colloq.) classified telephone di-
            rectories which list businesses according to the
            goods or services they supply. | |

            Y.E.R., y.e.r. yearly effective rate (of interest).

            yield (1) that which is produced, esp. the produce
            of the soil or from work. (2) the amount of
            useful materials obtained from natural
            resources, such as water from springs, wells
            and rivers; minerals from mines; timber from
            forests; and fish from the sea. (3) STK. EXCH.
            the rate of income received by an investor from
            a security, usu. expressed as a percentage of its
            cost or of the current price of the security.
            £1000 invested in a security that pays £120
            annually as interest or dividend gives a yield
            of 12%. Syn. return.

            Current yield of an investment, the income
            expressed as a percentage of its present market
            price.

            dividend yield the gross income (i.e. before
            deduction of income tax) that a shareholder
            receives for each £100 that he has invested in


                evince -p 552 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            a particular share.
            earnings yield of a company, the proportion of
            the total profits available for distribution to the
            total value of the ordinary shares at the present
            market price. It is the inverse (opposite) of
            the price-earnings (P/E) ratio and 1s used to
            compare one security with another.
            flat yield the rate of interest earned by a fixed-
            ‘nterest security expressed as a percentage of
            the amount invested, no account being taken
            of any gain or loss arising on redemption. Cf.
            redemption yield. Thus the flat yield on £100
            invested in 6% stock priced at £75 is = x6=
            8°. Syn. flat rate.
            gross yield the percentage return on an invest-
            ment before income tax is paid. Thus the
            gross redemption yield is the redemption yield
            calculated before deducting income tax pay-
            able on the current yield.
            maturity yield see redemption yield below.
            nominal yield the rate of interest stated on the
            bond document of a fixed-interest security. The
            nominal yield of a 5% bond is £5 per £100 of
            its nominal value. Cf. true yield.
            prospective yield the income expected from an
            investment.
            redemption yield on a fixed-interest security,
            the current yield added to the capital profit
            that will be made on redemption (repayment)
            expressed as a percentage of the current market
            price of the security. If there will be a capital
            loss on redemption, this must be deducted
            from the current yield before calculating the
            percentage. The net redemption yield is the
            redemption yield calculated after deducting
            income tax payable on the current yield. Syn.
            yield to redemption; yield to maturity; matu-
            rity yield.
            running yield the yield that an investor receives
            on the money he has actually paid, usu. for
            government stock. It 1s calculated by multiply-
            ing the coupon (the rate of interest on £100 of
            stock) by 100 and dividing by the price paid
            per £100 of stock, 1.e.
            running yield = ee 100

            purchase price
            true yield the annual income from a security
            expressed as a percentage of the current market
            price of the security. It may be calculated by
            the formula:

            nominal value
            market price
            x dividend per cent.

            yield per cent =


            Zurich - 541

            d gap STK. EXCH. the difference between the
            erage yield on (a) long-dated fixed-interest
            curities and (6) ordinary shares and property.
            d method see discounted cash flow.

            d to redemption see redemption yield
            der yield.

            k-Antwerp Rules SHIPG. & MAR. INSCE. a
            t of rules made and accepted internationally
            - shipowners, underwriters, merchants and
            wyers, relating to the adjustment (sharing) of
            neral average losses. See under average (4).
            br. Y/A.; Y.A.R.; Y/A Rules.

            ks. Yorkshire. England.

            Ng person LAw in Britain, a person aged
            er 14 and under 17. Such persons cannot be
            inished by being sent to prison, but are sent
            r training at a Borstal school or at a detention
            ntre or remand home.

            th employment officer in Britain, a local
            vernment official given the responsibility in
            certain area to find jobs for boys and girls
            iving school.

            your.

            ear.

            yours.

            racht.

            L

            COM. (collog.) a franchisee. See franchise.
            indar in India, a landowner charged with a
            ty of collecting land tax from tenant farmers
            d paying it to the government.

            -based budgeting see under budgeting.

            » coupon bond see under bond n.

            -rated TAXN. under a consumption-tax sys-
            n such as V.A.T., subject to a nil rate of tax.
            ough no tax is payable, a supplier is able to
            im an input tax credit for any V.A.T. he
            s had to pay on the supply. This is not
            ¢ Same as tax-exempt because the supplier
            nnot claim an input tax credit on tax-exempt
            ods or services. Zero rating usu. applies to
            insactions that are judged necessary for the
            od of the economy, such as exported goods
            d services.

            ode (U.S.A.) see postcode.

            COM. (collog.) a franchisor. See franchise.
            ore FIN. a financial ratio which measures
            > likelihood of a company becoming insol-
            nt. See also ratio analysis.

            ch see Gnomes of Ziirich.




                evince -p 553 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            Useful information



            M etr IC abbre
            ‘ tera- 7
            prefixes ‘8 ;
            The metric system is built uP —_— mega- M
            by ee siiean Soe La. k
            are the same for eve in
            of measure. a hecto- h
            The British system, unlike deca- da
            the metric one, is not built deci- d
            up in 10’s: | lb = 16 0z = centi- Cc
            7000 grains. milli- m
            micro- yu
            nano- n
            Pico- p
            femto- f
            atto- a
            Linear
            metric
            measure metric units
            1 millimetre
            10mm = | centimetr
            10cm = 1 decimetre
            10dm = 1 metre (m)
            10m = 1 decametre
            10 dam = 1 hectometr
            10hm = 1 kilometre
            British
            British units
            1 inch (in.
            12in. = 1 foot (ft.)
            3 ft. = 1 yard (yd.
            2yds. = 6ft.
            5.5 yds. = 16.5 ft.
            4 perch = 22 yds.
            10 chain = 220 yds.
            8 fur. = 1760 yds.


            1 U.K. nautical mile*

            1 international nautica
            *Note : nautical speed |
            1 knot = | nat


            -piation factor

            10!2
            10?

            10°
            10?
            10)
            10"!
            10-2
            10-3
            10-6
            10-9
            10-12
            10-15
            10-18


            British equivalent

            » (mm) 0.0394 in.
            e (cm) 0.3937 in.
            (dm) 3.937 in.
            39.370 in.
            » (dam) 10.94 yds.
            e (hm) 109.4 yds.
            (km) 0.621 m.
            metric
            equivalent
            25.4 mm
            0.305 m
            ) 0.914 m
            = | fathom (fm.) 1.829 m
            = | rod, pole or perch 5.029 m
            = 66 ft. = 1 chain 20.12 m
            = 660 ft. = 1 furlong (fur.) 0.201 km
            = 5280 ft. = 1 (statute) mile (m.) ‘1.609 km
            = 6080 ft. 1.853 km
            I mile (naut.m.) 1.852 km

            is usually measured in knots:
            itical mile per hour.


                evince -p 554 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &


            | cane
            Sad uare metric
            me asu re metric units

            | square
            | square
            | square
            | square

            100 mm?
            100 cm?
            100 dm?

            i i oi

            100 m2
            100 dam?
            100 hm?

            1 square
            | square
            1 square

            lou il

            British
            British units

            144 sq. in.
            9 sq. ft.
            304 sq. yds.
            40 sq. perch
            4 roods or 4840 sq. ys
            640 acres
            | 100 sq. ft.
            |
            |
            |

            2724 sq. ft.

            * Note: The square he
            The hectare c

            metric units

            100 m2
            1000 m2
            10000 m2


            :
            ' Surveyors
            measure Surveyor’s linear unit:

            1 link
            | ) 25 links 1 pole

            100 links 1 chain
            10 chains = 1 furlor

            i
            | 80 chains = 8 fur.

            Surveyor’s square uni

            100 x 100 links or |
            4 x 4poles or 16 sq
            22 x 22 yds. or 484
            100,000 sq. links or

            eee



            Useful information - 543

            seta tsa

            millimetre (mm?)
            centimetre (cm?)
            _decimetre (dm?)

            . metre (m7)

            . decametre (dam?)

            js.

            British
            equivalent

            (0.0016 sq. in.
            0.1550 sq. in. -
            15.5000 sq. in.
            10.7639 sq. ft.

            (= 1.1959 sq. yds.)
            1076.3910 sq. ft.

            . hectometre (hm?)* 0.0039 sq. m.
            . kilometre (km7) 0.3861 sq. m.
            metric
            equivalent
            1 square inch (sq. in.) 6.4516 cm?
            = 1 square foot (sq. ft.) 0.0929 m?
            = | square yard (sq. yd.) 0.8361 m?
            = 1 square perch 25.29 m?
            = | rood 0.1012 ha
            = | acre 0.4047 ha
            = | square mile (sq. m.) 2.5900 km?
            = | square 9.2903 m?
            = 1 rod of brickwork 25.2928 m?

            sctometre is also known as a hectare (ha).
            an be sub-divided into ares:

            British units


            1 are 119.59 sq. yds.

            10 ares = 1 dekare 1195.9 sq. yds.

            100 ares = 1 hectare 2.471 acres

            equivalents

            5 British metric
            7.92 in. 20.117 cm
            5.50 yds. 5.029 m
            22 yds. 20.12 m

            ig (fur.) 220 yds. 0.201 km
            1 mile (m.) 1.609 km

            equivalents
            ts British metric

            0,000 sq. links

            . poles
            sq. yds.

            1 sq. chain 484 sq. yds. 404.7 m?
            1 sq. chain
            1 sq. chain

            10 sq. chains = | acre 4840 sq. yds. 0.4047 ha


                evince -p 555 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &


            Cubic or solid
            measure

            Corn and dry
            measure


            544 Useful information


            metric

            metric units a
            1000 cubic millimetres |
            a i

            1000 cubic centimetres
            a |

            1000 cubic decimetres (
            = |

            The stere is also used, in

            | cubic metre = |
            10 decisteres = |
            10 steres a |
            British

            British units

            1728 cu. in.

            27 cu. ft. or 1 load of e:
            | ton of shipping

            | register ton of shippit


            British and U.S. uni

            2 pints

            4 qt. or 8 pt.

            2 gal. or 16 pt.

            4 pk. or 8 gal.

            2 bu. or 16 gal.

            4 bu. or 32 gal.

            8 bu. or 64 gal.

            36 bu. or 288 gal.

            40 bu. or 5 qrs. or 320;
            2 weys or 80 bu. or 640

            U.S. and British eq
            U.S.

            1 pint
            1 bushel

            *Note: the chaldron is
            t Note: strike, coomb, \
            ia taal iA oe Tg ee

            British
            equivalent
            (mim?) ae |
            cubic centimetre (cm”) 0.0610 cu. in.
            (cm”) : |
            cubic decimetre (dm”) 61.0 cu. in.
            dm’) ie
            cubic metre (m?’) 45.3147 cu. ft.

            particular as a unit of measurement for timber:

            — gtere 45.3147 ou. ft
            - gtere 35,3147 cu. ft.
            - decastere 353.1467 cu. ft.

            (= 13.0795 cu. yds.)


            metric
            equivalent
            | cubic inch (cu. in.) 16.39 cm?
            = | cubic foot (cu. ft.) 0.0283 m°
            rth = 1 cubic yard (cu. yd.) 0.7646 m°
            = 40 cu. ft. 1.1327 m?
            ig = 100 cu. ft. 2.8317 m?*
            ts
            metric equivalent
            (in litres)
            British U.S.
            1 pint (pt.) 0.568 0.550
            = | quart (qt.) 1.136 1.101
            = | gallon (gal.) 4.546 4.405
            = | peck (pk.) 9.092 8.810
            = | bushel (bu.) 36.37 35.24
            = | striket 72.74 70.48
            = | coombt 145.47 140.95
            = | quarter (qr.) 290.94 281.90
            = | chaldron* 1309.25 1268.57
            zal. = 1 weyt orloadt 1454.72 1409.52
            gal. = | lastt 2909.44 2819.04
            livalents
            British
            0.9689 pt.
            0.9689 bu.
            now used only for coals.

            vey, load and last are now rarely used.



                evince -p 556 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &



            nce


            metric
            Liquid its
            tric unl
            ure me
            meas 10 millilitres (ml) = 1 cer
            10 cl = | dex
            10 dl = | litr
            101 = | de
            10 dal = | he
            10 hi = | kil
            British and U.S.
            British and U.S. units
            1 minim (n
            60 min. = | fluid drar
            8 fi. dr. = | fluid oun
            5 fl. oz. = | gill Britis
            4 fi. oz. = | gill U.S./
            4 gills = | pint (pt.)
            2 pt. = | quart (qt.
            4 qt. = | gallon (g:
            U.S. and British equiv
            U.S.
            1 fluid ounce
            1 pint
            1 gallon
            *Note: | litre is equal in «
            Measurement ™* wane t=
            milligram
            of mass or 10mg = 1 centigram |
            10cg = 1 decigram (
            weight 10dg = 1 gram (g)
            10g = | decagram (
            10 dag = 1 hectogram
            10hg = 1 kilogram (1
            1000 kg = 1 tonne (met
            avoirdupois
            l
            l
            16 drams = |}
            16 oz. (= 7000 gr.) = 1
            4 qrs. or 112 Ib. = ]
            20 cwt. = |
            *Note: in the U.S.A, the
            common:
            100 lb. = 1 sho
            2000 Ib. = 1 sho

            —— SSeS

            Useful information _ wv

            British U.S.
            tilitre (cl) 0.0176 pt. 0.0211 pt.
            silitre (dl) 0.176 pt. 0.211 pt.
            e (1)” 1.76 pt. 2.11 pt.
            (= 9.22 gal.) (= 0.264 gal.)
            salitre (dal) 2.20 gal. 2.64 gal.
            tolitre (hl) 22.0 gal. 26.4 gal.

            olitre (kl) 220.0 gal. 264.0 gal.

            metric equivalent
            British
            0.059 cm? 90.062 cm?

            in.)
            n (fi. dr.) 35§52cm> 2.957 cm?
            se (fl. oz.) 98.413 cm? 29.573 em?
            h 142.065 cm
            \. 118.291 cm?
            568.261 cm? 473.163 cm?

            ) 1.1361 0.946 |
            al.) 4.546 | 3.785 |
            alents

            British

            1.0408 fi. oz.

            0.8327 pt.

            0.8327 gal.

            -apacity to 1 cubic decimetre (1 dm°).
            ER

            avoirdupois equivalent
            mg) 0.015 gr.
            cg) 0.154 gr.
            ig) 1.543 gr.
            15.43 gr. = 0.035
            dag) 0.353 oz. ea
            (hg) 3.527 oz.
            cB) 2.205 Ib.
            ric ton) 0.984 (long) ton = 2204.62 Ib.
            | metric equivalent
            grain = 64.8 mg
            ounce (0z.) ese
            pound (i) 0.4536 ke
            : :
            quarter (qr.) ae _

            hundredweight (cwt.)
            50.
            ton (U.K. or long ton)* = nabe nie

            short hundredweight and short ton are more

            | metric equi
            e oe 45.36 ee a
            on :
            0.9072 tonnes


                evince -p 557 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &


            546 - Useful information


            Troy weight _ British

            : | grail
            4grains = | cara
            6carats = 1 penn
            20 dwt. = | ounc
            12 oz. = | poun
            25 Ib. = | quar
            100 Ib. = | hund
            20 cwt. = | tono

            Note: the grain troy 1s
            pound troy cont
            grains. Jewels a


            Circular metric
            measure metric units
            1m
            1000 wu rad = 1m
            1000 m rad = lra
            British
            British units
            l se
            60 seconds = 1m
            60 minutes = I de
            45 degrees = loc
            60 degrees = | se)
            90 degrees = 1qu
            360 degrees = 1 cir
            | grade or gon = 1/10

            Temper ature Equations for conve

            ’Fahrenheit = (9/:
            “Centigrade = 5/9
            °Kelvin =x

            Some equivalents

            Normal temperatu:
            Freezing point of v
            Boiling point of we
            Table of equivalents
            Centigrade Fahrenheit


            100°C 212°F
            90°C 194°F
            80°C 176°F
            70°C 158°F
            60°C 140°F
            50°C 122°F

            40°C 104°F



            SS ee nn ae eae,

            )

            | of gold or silver
            yweight (dwt.)

            e (0z.)

            d (Ib.)

            ter (qr.)
            redweight (cwt.)
            f gold or silver

            metric €quivaley,

            0.065 2g
            0.2592 g
            1.5552 g
            31.1035 g

            313.242 g
            9.331 kp
            37.324 kg

            146.48 kp

            the same as the grain avoirdupois, but the
            ains 5760 grains, the pound avoirdupois 7000
            re not weighed by this measure.

            cite

            icroradian (u rad)
            illiradian (m rad)
            dian (rad)

            cond
            mute
            gree

            tant

            ttant

            adrant or | right angle
            cle or 1 circumference
            Ith of a right angle

            British equivalent

            0.206 seconds

            3.437 minutes
            57.296 degrees
            = 180/m degrees

            metric equivalent

            4.860 pw rad
            0.2909 yu rad
            17.45 pw rad
            = 7/180 rad
            7/4 rad
            a/3 rad
            a/2 rad
            27 rad
            7/200 rad

            sissies»

            rsion

            > xX x °C) + 32
            x (x °F — 32)

            C + 273.15

            re of the human body
            vater

            iter

            ;
            }

            Centigrade Fahrenheit

            36.9°C 98.4°F
            0°C 32°F
            100°C 212°F

            Centigrade Fahrenheit

            30°C 86°F
            20°C 68°F
            10°C 50°F
            0°C 32°F
            =19C 14°F
            — 20°C 4°F
            = 30°C ~22 F


                evince -p 558 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &


            Papel
            measures


            International stands

            designation

            AO
            Al
            A2
            A3
            A4
            AS
            A6é
            Al
            A8
            A9
            Al0

            book page sizes - n

            designation

            Crown metric
            Britis

            Large Crown = metri
            Britis

            Demy metri
            Britis

            Royal metri
            Britis

            AS metri

            paper quantities
            traditional

            24 sheets
            20 quires (480 sheets)
            516 sheets

            * Note: standard interr
            the traditional
            t Note: the change to 1
            standard papel


            —

            Useful information ° 547


            ard sizes“

            metric size British equivalent

            mm inches
            R41 x 1189 33.11 x 46.81
            594 x 841 93.39 x 33.11
            420 x 594 16.54 x 23.39
            997 x 420 11.69 x 16.54
            210 x 297 827 x 11.69
            148 x 210 5.83 x 8.27
            105 x 148 4.13. x...3.85
            14x 105 991 x 4.13
            52x 74 2.05 x 2.91
            3786 2357 1.46 x 2.05
            26x 80637 1.02 x 1.46
            retric and British
            trimmed 8vo page Size
            mm inches
            » 186 x 123 14 x 4
            h 184 x 124 4x 4
            > 198 x 129 713 x St
            h 197 x 130 713 x 54
            c 216 x 138 8i x 5%
            h 216 x 140 84 x 54
            c 234 x 156 O4 x 64
            h 248 x 156 93 x 64
            | modern standard}
            cs we 25 sheets
            = | printer’s ream { 500 sheets

            ational paper sizes ha

            oo ae ve now largely replaced
            metrication in the paper trad

            : ti e has |
            ‘quantities based on subdivisions eis

            Cc een n nc ccna eeseeseeenssstisneesnss


                evince -p 559 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &


            Countries of

            shows the countries

            This chart s
            the internation
            The language
            other local an

            given is of the seat
            n the Economis

            for their economic an

            used |

            s give
            d regional languages
            of government. ine
            ¢ of London. The int |
            d commercial activities

            the world


            of the world, their popu

            ‘ons of which they are memb«e

            ntry are the main lang
            may also be widely s
            The abbreviations ©
            ernational org
            rather tha


            ait Tete ae

            AFGHANISTAN
            ALBANIA
            ALGERIA

            ANDORRA
            ANGOLA

            ANTIGUA AND
            BARBUDA


            ARGENTINA
            AUSTRALIA

            AUSTRIA

            BAHAMAS

            BAHRAIN
            BANGLADESH
            BARBADOS


            BELGIUM
            BELIZE
            BENIN

            BHUTAN

            | BOLIVIA
            | BOTSWANA

            BRAZIL
            BRUNEI
            » | BULGARIA

            h a
            >


            : an
            - ke Lz.

            | BUR)

            a  ~
            ee

            South Asia
            South-East Europe
            North Africa

            Southern Europe
            South-West Africa
            West Indies

            South America

            Australasia
            Central Europe
            West Indies

            South-West Asia
            South Asia
            West Indies

            Western Europe
            Central America
            West Africa

            South Asia

            South America
            South Africa

            South America
            South-East Asia
            South-East Europe

            West-Central Africa

            South-East Asia
            Central Africa

            d

            l



            lations, capitals, languages, currencies and
            srs. The population figures are approximate.
            uages used in business, but, in many cases,
            poken and used. The name of each capital
            f the currencies are generally in the form

            anizations given are those most important

            n their political functions.

            opulation

            5.5 million (1979)
            75 million (1981)

            8.25 million (1980)

            5,000 (1981)
            .1 million (1983)
            0,000 (1981)

            7.9 million (1980)
            5.3 million (1981)

            .) million (1981)
            37,000 (1980)

            58,000 (1981)
            0 million (1981)
            50,000 (1980)

            ) million (1981)
            50,000 (1981)
            > million (1981)

            3 million (1981)

            million (1980)
            37,000 (1981)

            20 million (1980)
            10,000 (1982)
            million (1982)

            9 million (1981)

            .3 million (1983)
            8 million (1984)

            Kabul (1.5 million)
            Tirana (200,000)
            Algiers (3.25 million)

            La Vella

            Luanda (480,000)

            St John’s (22,000)

            Buenos Aires (10 million)
            Canberra (233,000)

            Vienna (1.9 million)
            Nassau (135,000)

            Manama (120,000)
            Dhaka (3.5 million)
            Bridgetown (17,500)

            Brussels (2 million)
            Belmopan (5000)
            Porto Novo (100,000)

            Thimphu

            La Paz (700,000)
            Gaborone (60,000)

            Brasilia (1.1 million)
            Bandar Seri Begawan
            Sofia (1.1 million)
            Ouagadougou (200,000)

            Rangoon (2.5 million)
            Bujumbura (150,000)


                evince -p 560 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            | language(s)

            Pushtu, Farsi
            | Albanian
            | Arabic, French

            | Catalan
            | Portuguese

            English

            Spanish
            English

            German
            English

            Arabic, Urdu
            Bengali
            English

            Flemish, French
            English, Spanish
            French

            Bhutanese, Dzongkha

            Spanish
            English, Tswana

            Portuguese

            Malay, English
            Bulgarian, Turkish
            French, local

            Burmese, Chin, Karen
            French, Kirundi


            currency

            afghani (Af) = 100 puli
            lek (Lk) = 100 qindark:
            Algerian dinar (AD) =

            French franc (FFr) = 1
            kwanza (Kz) = 100 lwe

            East Caribbean dollar (
            100 cents

            austral (A) = 100 centa
            Australian dollar (A$) =

            Austrian schilling (AScl
            100 groschen

            Bahamian dollar (B$) =

            Bahraini dinar (BD) =
            taka (Tk) = 100 poisha
            Barbadian dollar (Bd$)

            Belgian franc (BFr) = |
            Belize dollar (B$; BZ$)

            C.F.A. franc (CFA Fr)
            100 centimes

            ngultrum (N) = 100 ch
            Indian rupee

            Bolivian peso (B$) = 1
            pula (P) = 100 thebe

            cruzado (Cr) = 100 cru
            Brunei dollar (Br$) = 1
            lev (Lv) = 100 stotinki

            C.F.A. franc (CFA Fr)
            100 centimes

            kyat (Kt) = 100 pyas

            Burundi franc (BuFr) =
            100 centimes

            _

            or puls
            a

            100 centimes

            00 centimes
            |
            EC$) =

            Vos
            = 100 cents

            ) =
            : 100 cents

            1000 fils

            = 100 cents

            100 centimes
            = 100 cents

            etrums ;

            0) centavos

            zieros
            00 cents

            Useful information - 549

            British Commonwealth

            oe a 46

            Colombo Plan

            O.A.U.; Arab League;
            OPEC

            British Commonwealth;
            CARICOM; 0.A.S

            L.A.F.T.A.; O.A:S.

            British Commonwealth ;
            Colombo Plan; O.E.C.D.

            E.F.T.A.; O.E.C.D.

            British Commonwealth;
            CARICOM; 0O.A:S.

            Arab League

            British Commonwealth;
            CARICOM; O.A.5S.

            Benelux; E.E.C.; O.E.C.D.
            British Commonwealth
            French Community


            O.A5.

            British Commonwealth;
            O.A.U.

            L.A.F.T.A.; O.A.S.
            British Commonwealth
            COMECON

            O.A.U.; O.C.A.M.M.;
            E.E.C. associate

            Colombo Plan
            0.A.U.

            a - et i aie ny = te _ o » : e “ig = ox + =z al im 7 rT : a] di i. “ ji tL eae . = ; :
            i ail dk Care Bie oe ee Te en


            y SB eee

                evince -p 561 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &



            country
            CAMEROON
            CANADA

            CAPE VERDE
            ISLANDS

            CENTRAL AFRICAN

            REPUBLIC

            | CHAD

            CHILE

            CHINA
            COLOMBIA
            COMOROS, THE
            CONGO

            COSTA RICA
            CUBA

            CYPRUS

            CZECHOSLOVAKIA
            DENMARK
            DJIBOUTI

            DOMINICA

            DOMINICAN
            REPUBLIC

            ECUADOR

            EGYPT

            EL SALVADOR

            EQUATORIAL

            GUINEA
            _| ETHIOPIA



            location

            West Africa
            North America

            Eastern North
            Atlantic

            Central Africa
            Central Africa
            South America

            East Asia

            South America
            Indian Ocean
            West-Central Africa
            Central America
            West Indies

            Eastern

            Mediterranean

            Central Europe
            Northern Europe:
            East Africa

            West Indies

            West Indies
            South America
            North-East Africa
            Central America
            Central Africa

            East Africa
            West Pacific


            Pp


            1(

            4)

            3¢

            i
            65


            population

            3 million (1980)

            4.3 million (1981)
            00,000 (1980)

            3 million (1980)
            5 million (1980)
            1 million (1980)
            008 million (1982)
            § million (1980)
            35,000 (1980)

            1 million (1982)
            3 million (1983)
            ) million (1981)

            90,000 (1983)

            ).3 million (1980)
            1 million (1982)
            0,000 (1983)

            1,000 (1981)

            6 million (1981)
            million (1981)

            ! million (1983)
            5 million (1980)
            0,000 (1980)

            } million (1982)
            10,000 (1981)


            | Yaoundé (900,000)


            capital

            Ottawa (710,000)
            Praia (20,000)
            Bangui (350,000)
            Ndjaména (150,000)
            Santiago (4 million)
            Beijing (9.2 million)
            Bogota (5 million)
            Moroni (15,000)
            Brazzaville (200,000)
            San José (800,000)
            Havana (1.9 million)

            Nicosia (250,000)

            Prague (1.2 million)
            Copenhagen (1.5 million)
            Djibouti (150,000)

            Roseau (9000)
            Santo Domingo
            (2 million)
            Quito (800,000)
            Cairo (9 million)

            San Salvador (1.2 million)

            Malabo (40,000)

            Addis Ababa (1.3 million)
            Suva (70,000)


                evince -p 562 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &



            language(s) currency

            French, English
            English, French

            Portuguese, tribal

            French, Sangho
            French, Arabic
            Spanish
            Chinese
            Spanish

            French

            French

            Spanish
            Spanish

            Greek, Turkish

            Czech, Slovak
            Danish

            French, Arabic
            English
            Spanish
            Spanish

            Arabic

            Spanish
            Spanish

            Amharic
            English

            C.F.A. franc (CF
            100 centimes

            Canadian dollar (

            Cape Verde escuc
            100 centavos

            C.F.A. franc (CF
            100 centimes

            C.F.A. franc (CF.
            100 centimes

            Chilean peso (Ch!

            renminbi yuan (R
            10 chiao/jiao =

            Colombian peso ((
            100 centavos

            Comoran franc (C
            100 centimes

            C.F.A. france (CF/
            100 centimes

            Costa Rican colon
            100 centimos

            Cuban peso (Cub$

            Cyprus pound (C£
            also Turkish lira
            100 kurus/piastr

            koruna (Kcs) = 1(
            Danish krone (DK

            Djibouti franc (Dj)
            100 centimes

            East Caribbean do
            100 cents

            Dominican Repub!
            = 100 centavos

            sucre (Su) = 100 c

            Egyptian pound (E
            or 1000 millieme:

            El Salvador colon (
            100 centavos

            ekpwele/ekuele (E)

            Ethiopian birr (Br)
            Fiji dollar (F$) = |

            a sheets ee wwocmmns aD 6 ee


            Useful information - 551

            A Fr) =
            C$) = 100 cents
            lo (CVEsc) =

            A Fr) =
            A Fr) =

            5) = 100 centavos

            mb) =
            100 fen

            Col$) =

            Fr) =

            \ Fr) =

            (CRc) =

            ) = 100 centavos
            ) = 1000 mils:

            (TL) =
            eS

            0 haleru/heller
            r) = 100 6rer
            ‘r) =

            llar (ECar$) =

            ic Peso (DRS)
            entavos

            2 = 100 piastres

            ¢; ESc) =

            100 centimos

            100 cents
            00 cents

            E.E.C. associate; O.A.U.;
            O.C.A.M.M.

            British Commonwealth;
            O.E.C.D.; Colombo Plan

            French Community; E.E.C.
            associate; O.A.U.;
            O.C.A.M.M.

            French Community; E.E.C.
            associate; O.A.U.;
            O.C.A.M.M.

            L.A.F.T.A.; O.A.S.

            Andean Pact; L.A.F.T.A.;
            O.A.S.

            E.E.C. associate; O.A.U.;
            O.C.A.M.M.

            O.A.8.; C.A.C.M.

            COMECON;; O.A:S.

            British Commonwealth

            COMECON
            E.E.C.; O.E.C.D.
            Arab League


            British Commonwealth:
            CARICOM; 0.A:S.

            O.A:S.

            Andean Pact; L.A.F.T. A; ae IN

            zie
            ae
            eH |
            C.A.C.M.: OAS: Rio Pea


            ba
            1


            O.A:S.

            mee ae
            eS

            ; i = ay
            (eo

            British Commonwealth


                evince -p 563 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            552 - Useful information

            country location po

            FINLAND
            FRANCE
            GABON
            GAMBIA, THE

            GERMANY,
            DEMOCRATIC
            REPUBLIC OF
            (EAST)

            GERMANY, FEDERAL
            REPUBLIC OF
            (WEST)

            GHANA

            GREECE
            GRENADA

            GUATEMALA

            GUINEA
            GUINEA-BISSAU

            GUYANA

            HAITI
            HONDURAS
            HONG KONG

            HUNGARY
            ICELAND

            INDIA
            INDONESIA
            IRAN

            IRAQ

            IRELAND

            ISRAEL

            North-East Europe

            Western Europe
            West Africa

            West Africa

            Central Europe

            West-Central Europe

            West Africa

            South-East Europe
            West Indies

            Central America

            West Africa
            West Africa

            South America

            West Indies
            Central America
            East Asia

            Eastern Europe
            Northern Europe

            South Asia

            South-East Asia

            South-Central Asia

            South-West Asia

            North-West Europe

            West Asia

            5

            54

            17

            62

            14

            10.
            23.

            | 684

            15:

            38

            13

            3.4

            4n

            pulation

            million (1982)

            } million (1982)
            2 million (1982)

            0,000 (1982)

            million (1980)

            million (1982)

            million (1982)

            nillion (1982)
            0,000 (1982)

            y million (1984)

            } million (1980)
            0,000 (1979)

            0,000 (1980)

            nillion (1982)
            nillion (1983)
            million (1984)

            7 million (1980)
            5,000 (1982)

            + million (1981)

            } million (1982) |

            million (1982)

            million (1980)

            million (1981)

            illion (1981)

            Helsinki (900,000)

            Paris (10 million)
            Libreville (250,000)

            Banjul (80,000)

            East Berlin (1.2 million)

            Bonn (500,000)

            Accra (850,000)

            Athens (2.5 million)

            St George’s (7500)

            Guatemala City
            (1.5 million)

            Conakry (650,000)
            Madina (120,000)

            Georgetown (185,000)

            Port au Prince (500,000)

            | Tegucigalpa (500,000)

            Victoria (1 million)

            Budapest (2 million)
            Reykjavik (86,000)

            New Delhi (6.2 million)
            Jakarta (6.5 million)
            Tehran (6.2 million)

            Baghdad (3.2 million)

            Dublin (800,000)

            Jerusalem (1.2 million)
            (not recognized by
            United Nations)


                evince -p 564 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            oa
            a

            | Janguage(s/)

            oe .
            | Finnish, Swedish

            | French
            | French

            | English

            | German

            | German

            English

            Greek
            English

            Spanish

            French
            Portuguese

            English

            French, Creole
            Spanish
            English, Chinese

            Magyar
            Icelandic

            Hindi, English
            Indonesian, English
            Farsi, French, English

            Arabic

            Irish, English

            Hebrew, Arabic, English

            currency

            markka/Finnish mar}
            100 pennia

            French franc (FFr) =

            C.F.A. franc (CFA F
            100 centimes

            dalasi (D;Di) = 100 |

            DDR mark (M)/Ost 1
            100 pfennig

            Deutsche mark (DM)

            cedi () = 100 pesew

            drachma (Dr) = 100

            East Caribbean dolla:
            100 cents

            quetzal (Q) = 100 ce

            syli/suli (GS) = 100 c

            Guinea-Bissau peso (
            100 centavos

            Guyanese dollar (G$)

            gourde (Gde) = 100:

            lempira (L; La) = 10

            Hong Kong dollar (H
            100 cents

            forint (F;Ft) = 100 fi

            Icelandic new krona (
            100 eyru/aurar

            Indian rupee (Re, pl.
            100 paise

            rupiah (Rp) = 100 se

            Irani rial (IR; RI) =

            Iraqi dinar (ID) = 1(

            Irish pound/punt (IE;
            100 pence

            shekel (IS;Sk) = 100
            agora)

            vserul intormation - 553

            ; (FMk) =
            100 centimes
            r) =

            butut

            nark (Em) =

            = 100 pfennig

            fas

            lepta
            r(EC$) =

            itavos

            ‘auris
            GBP) =

            = 100 cents

            sentimes
            0 centavos

            K$) =

            ller
            IKr) =

            Rs) =
            n
            100 dinars

            00 fils

            IR£) =

            agorot (sing.


            O.E.C.D.: COMECON
            associate; E.F.T.A.
            associate

            E.E.C.; O.E.C.D.

            E.E.C. associate: 0.A.U.:
            O.C.A.M.M.; OPEC

            British Commonwealth:
            ECOWAS: 0.A.U.

            COMECON

            E.E.C.; O.E.C.D.; W.E.U.

            British Commonwealth;
            ECOWAS; 0O.A.U.

            E.E.C.; O.E.C.D

            British Commonwealth;
            CARICOM; O.A:S.

            C.A.C.M.; O.A:S.

            ECOWAS; 0O.A.U.
            ECOWAS; 0.A.U.

            British Commonwealth;
            CARICOM

            O.A:S.
            C.A.C.M.; O.A.S.
            British dependency


            COMECON
            O.E.C.D.; E.F.T.A.


            British Commonwealth;)
            Colombo Plan

            ASEAN; Colombo Plan;
            OPEC

            R.C.D.; Colombo Plan:
            OPEC

            Arab League; aE
            COMECON associate;
            OPEC

            E.E.C.; O.E.C.D.

                evince -p 565 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &


            ITALY
            IVORY COAST

            JAMAICA

            JAPAN
            JORDAN
            KAMPUCHEA
            KENYA

            KIRIBATI
            KOREA, NORTH

            KOREA, SOUTH

            KUWAIT

            LAOS
            LEBANON
            LESOTHO

            LIBERIA
            LIBYA

            LIECHTENSTEIN
            LUXEMBURG

            MADAGASCAR

            MALAYSIA

            MALDIVES
            MALI

            MALTA

            MAURITANIA

            MAURITIUS

            MEXICO

            554 . Useful information

            Southern Europe
            West Africa

            West Indies

            East Asia

            West Asia
            South-East Asia
            East Africa

            West Pacific
            East Asia

            East Asia
            West Asia

            South-East Asia
            West Asia
            South Africa

            West Africa
            North Africa

            Central Europe
            North-West Europe

            Indian Ocean

            East Africa
            South-East Asia

            Indian Ocean

            | West Africa

            Southern Europe
            North-West Africa

            Indian Ocean

            North America


            population
            8 million (1980)

            2.2 million (1982)

            118 million (1982)
            3 million (1982)

            6 million (1981)
            17 million (1982)

            60,000 (1982)
            18 million (1982)

            40 million (1983)
            1.75 million (1984)

            3.7 million (1982)
            3.73 million (1983)
            1.2 million (1981)

            2 million (1982)
            3.1 million (1981)

            27,000 (1983)
            365,000 (1983)

            9 million (1980)

            6 million (1980)
            13.5 million (1980)

            160,000 (1982)
            7.2 million (1981)

            350,000 (1981)
            1.6 million (1980)

            1 million (1982)

            67 million (1980)


            57 million (1983)

            Rome (3 million)
            Abidjan (1.7 million)

            Kingston (663,000)

            Tokyo (24 million)
            Amman (750,000)
            Phnom Penh (1.5 million)
            Nairobi (1 million)

            Tarawa (20,000)
            Pyongyang (1.5 million)

            Seoul (8.4 million)
            Kuwait City (800,000)

            Vientiane (200,000)
            Beirut (700,000)

            | Maseru (250,000)

            Monrovia (300,000)
            Tripoli (1 million)

            Vaduz (5000)
            Luxemburg (100,000)

            Antananarivo (700,000)

            Lilongwe (100,000)
            Kuala Lumpur (1 million)

            Male (37,000)
            Bamako (600,000)

            Valletta (14,000)
            Nouakchott (500,000)

            Port Louis (150,000)

            Mexico City (16 million)


                evince -p 566 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &


            language(s) currency

            Italian
            French

            English

            Japanese

            Arabic

            Khmer, French
            Swahili, English

            English
            Korean

            Korean
            | Arabic

            French, Laotian
            Arabic, French

            Sesotho, English

            English, local
            Arabic

            German
            French, German

            French, Malagasy

            English, Chinyanja
            Malay, Chinese, English

            Divehi, English
            French

            Maltese, English
            Arabic, French

            English, French, Creole

            | Spanish

            lira (pl. lire) (L)

            C.F.A. franc (CF
            100 centimes

            Jamaican dollar (.

            yen (Y) = 100 se
            Jordanian dinar (
            riel (KRI) = 100

            Kenyan shilling (
            100 cents

            Australian dollar

            North Korean we
            100 jeon/jon/jut

            South Korean wo
            100 chon/jun

            Kuwaiti dinar (K

            new kip (K) = I'
            Lebanese pound (

            loti (p/. maloti) (N
            100 lisente

            Liberian dollar (I
            Libyan dinar (LL

            Swiss franc (SFr)

            Luxemburg franc
            100 centimes

            Madagascar franc
            100 centimes

            Malawi kwacha (
            Malaysian dollar

            rufiyaa (MvR) =

            C.F.A. franc (CF
            100 centimes

            Maltese lira (LM
            mils
            ouguiya (U; UM

            Mauritius rupee |

            Mexican peso (M
            centavos


            A Fr) =

            I$) = 100 cents

            n
            JD) = 1000 fils
            sen

            Ks; KSh) =

            (A$) = 100 cents
            n (NK W) =

            1

            n (SKW) =

            D) = 1000 fils

            )0 at
            L£) = 100 piastres
            A) =

            5) = 100 cents
            )) = 1000 dirhams

            = 100 centimes
            (LuxFr) =

            > (MgFr) =

            K) = 100 tambalas
            (M$) = 100 cents

            100 laris
            ‘A Fr) =

            ) = 100 cents/1000
            = 5 khoums

            (MRe) = 100 cents

            lex$) = 100

            Useful information - 555

            Cad

            E.E.C.; O.E.C.D.

            British Commonwealth:
            CARICOM; O.A.S.

            O.E.C.D.; Colombo Plan
            Arab League

            Colombo Plan; E.A.C.:
            E.E.C. associate; O.A.U.

            British Commonwealth

            Colombo Plan

            Arab League; G.C.C.;
            OPEC

            Colombo Plan
            Arab League

            British Commonwealth;
            O.A.U.

            0.A.U.

            Arab League; O.A.U.;
            OPEC

            Benelux; E.E.C.; O.E.C.D.


            O.A.U.; French jf
            Community ; a
            O.C.A.M.M.; E.E.C.
            associate

            British Commonwealth; ie
            O.A.U. |
            British Commonwealth; 1
            ASEAN; Colombo Plan — q
            British Commonwealth ‘|_|
            ECOWAS Ty
            ae

            British Commonwealth;
            E.E.C. associate

            Arab League; 0.A.U.;
            E.E.C. associate

            British Commonwealth;
            O.C.A.M.M.; E.E.C.
            associate

            O.A.S.; L.A.F.T.A.;

            COMECON associate

                evince -p 567 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            ——————x<€_—

            556 - Useful information

            coumlry location P
            ;

            MONACO | Southern Furope
            North-East Asia 4




            MONGOLIA




            MOROCCO North West Africa | ]
            wOLAMBIQUE Fast Africa oe

            | NAMIBIA | South-West Alneca
            ) NWaAURU (NAOERO! | West Pacific
            South Asia

            | NEPAL
            | NETHERLANDS, THE | Western Europe &



            NEW ZEALAND South-West Pacific
            NICARAGUA Central America
            NIGER West Afnca
            NIGERIA West Afnca
            NORWAY Northern Europe
            OMAN South-West Asia
            PAKISTAN | South Asia

            | PANAMA Central America
            PAPUA NEW South-East Asia

            GUINEA

            | PARAGUAY South America
            PERU South America
            PHILIPPINES, THE South-East Asia
            POLAND Eastern Europe
            PORTUGAL South-West Europe



            | PUERTO RICO West Indies
            QATAR South-West Asia
            ROMANIA Eastern Europe
            | RWANDA East-Central Africa


            ST. KITTS-NEVIS | West Indies



            ST. VINCENT & THE | West Indies



            opulation

            0.000 (1985)
            million (1984)
            yt million (1982)

            * million (19RZ)

            goillven (1980)
            "wwe (1977)

            6 million (1981)

            4.4 million (1984)

            + 1 million (19806)

            i million (1980)
            $3 million (1980)

            85 million (1983)

            4.1 million (1983)
            1.5 million (1983)
            84 million (1981)

            2 million (1980)
            3.2 million (1983)

            3 million (1982)

            18 million (1980)
            $2 million (1980)
            36 million (1982)
            10 million (1980)

            3.2 million (1980)
            250,000 (1982)

            22.5 million (1982)

            5.1 million (1981)
            $0,000 (1980)
            124,000 (1982)
            130,000 (1982)

            22,000 (1983)
            100,000 (1982)

            ee See eae ye eee a aga (a

            | capital

            genes SLE eS

            | Monaco-ville (2000)

            | Ulan Bator (500,000)

            Rabat (500.000)

            | Maputo (BSS 00)

            Windhoek (61 (FR))

            Y areyTi

            K athmandu (2 35,00))

            | Ameterdam (/00 19%))

            Wellington (350,000)

            Managua (600,000)

            Niamey (100,000)
            Lagos (3 million)

            Oslo (450,000)
            Muscat (30,000)
            Islamabad (250,000)

            Panama City (500,000)
            Port Moresby 200,000

            Asuncion (720,000)
            Lima (3.5 million)
            Manila (6 million)
            Warsaw (1.6 million)

            Lisbon (1.7 million)

            | San Juan (500,000)

            Doha (200,000)
            | Bucharest (2 million)
            Kigali (60,000)

            | Basseterre (16,000)

            Castries (80,000)

            | Kingstown (34,000)

            San Marino City
            ‘Sado Tomé (10,000)

            “a ELIE

            a h> =o


                evince -p 568 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            currency


            French franc (5
            tugrik (Tug) =

            metical p/. met.
            100 centavos

            South African r
            Australian dolla

            French
            | Mongolian, Khalka

            Arabic, French

            | Portuguese, local

            ; Afrikaans, English
            | Nauruan, English

            | Nepali Nepalese rupee

            | Dutch guilder/florin (G

            | 100 cents

            | English, Maori New Zealand dc

            | 100 cents

            | Spanish cordoba (C) = |
            C.F.A. franc (C]

            | French
            ! 100 centimes

            | English, local naira (N) = 100

            Norwegian
            | Arabic, English

            krone (p/. kroner
            Omani rial (RO)

            Urdu, Punjabi, English

            Spanish
            | Papuan, English

            Spanish, Guarani
            Spanish, Quechua
            | Pilipino, Spanish
            Polish

            Portuguese

            Spanish, English
            Arabic Qatar/Dubai
            Romanian
            Kinyarwanda, French

            English
            English

            English

            Italian
            Portuguese


            Pakistani rupee (
            100 paise

            balboa (Ba) = 10
            kina (Ka) = 100

            guarani (G) = 10
            sol (S) = 100 cent
            Philippine peso (F
            zloty (Zl) = 100 g

            Portuguese escudo
            100 centavos

            U.S.A. dollar (US:
            rial (QR) = 100d
            leu (pl. lei) (Lei) =

            Rwanda franc (Rw
            100 centimes

            East Caribbean do.
            100 cents

            East Caribbean do!
            100 cents

            East Caribbean dol
            100 cents

            Italian lira (p/. lire)
            dobra (Db) = 100 «
            Useful information - 557

            Fr)
            100 méngiés
            100 centimes

            vais (MT) =

            and (R) = 100 cents

            r (A$) = 100 cents
            (NRe) = 100 paise
            ; Gld; Fl) =

            liar (NZ$) =

            00 centavos
            “A Fr) =

            kobos

            )(NKr) = 100 drer
            = 1000 baiza
            Pak Re; PR) =

            0 centesimos
            toea

            0 centimos

            lavos

            ’P) = 100 centavos
            roszy

            (Esc) =

            >) = 100 cents
            irhams

            - 100 bani
            Fr) =

            llar (EC$) =
            lar (EC$) =
            lar (EC$) =

            (L)

            -entavos

            = 100 centimes

            COMECON
            Arab League: O.A.U.

            British Commonwealth
            Colombo Plan
            E.E.C,: O.E.C.D.

            British Commonwealth:
            Colombo Plan: O.E. C. D.

            O.A.S.
            O.A.U.; O.C.A.M.M.

            British Commonwealth:
            O.A.U.: O.P.E.C.

            E.F.T.A.; O.E.C.D.
            Arab League; G.C.C.
            Colombo Plan; R.C.D.

            O.A.S.
            British Commonwealth

            L.A.F.T.A.; O.A.S.
            L.A.F.T.A.; O.A.S.
            Colombo Plan; ASEAN
            COMECON

            E.E.C.; O.E.C.D.


            in association with U.S. Au
            Arab League; OPEC
            COMECON | F
            O.A.U.;0.CAMM; |
            E.E. C. associate | “(ee

            British Commonwealth;
            CARICOM: O.A:S.

            British Commonwealth
            CARICOM: O.A:S.

            British Commonwealth;
            CARICOM; 0O.A:S.

            in association with Italy


                evince -p 569 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &


            ll,

            558 - Useful information


            SAUDI ARABIA

            SENEGAL

            SEYCHELLES

            SIERRA LEONE

            SINGAPORE

            SOLOMON ISLANDS

            SOMALIA

            SOUTH AFRICA
            SPAIN
            SRI LANKA

            SUDAN

            SURINAM
            SWAZILAND

            SWEDEN
            SWITZERLAND
            SYRIA

            TAIWAN

            TANZANIA

            THAILAND
            TOGO

            TONGA

            TRINIDAD AND
            TOBAGO

            TUNISIA

            TURKEY

            TUVALU
            UGANDA

            UNION OF SOVIET
            SOCIALIST
            REPUBLICS

            location

            South-West Asia

            West Africa

            Indian Ocean
            West Africa

            South-East Asia

            West Pacific
            East Africa

            South Africa
            South-West Europe
            South Asia

            North-East Africa

            South America
            South Africa

            Northern Europe
            Western Europe
            West Asia

            East Asia

            East Africa

            South-East Asia
            West Africa

            South Pacific
            West Indies

            North Africa

            West Asia/Eastern
            Europe

            West Pacific
            East Africa

            Eastern Europe/
            Northern Asia


            9 million (1980)

            6 million (1983)
            64,000 (1983)

            3.5 million (1980)
            2.5 million (1983)
            250,000 (1982)

            5 million (1983)

            29.3 million (1980)
            37.7 million (1981)
            14 million (1981)

            19.5 million (1982)

            400,000 (1980)
            600,000 (1980)

            8.3 million (1982)
            6.4 million (1982)
            10.4 million (1981)
            18 million (1980)

            18 million (1980)

            50 million (1983)
            2.8 million (1981)

            98,000 (1983)
            1.1 million (1980)

            6.5 million (1981)
            4.5 million (1980)

            9000 (1980)
            13 million (1980)

            274 million (1984)

            Riyadh (1 million)
            Dakar (1 million)
            Victoria (25,000)
            Freetown (300,000)
            Singapore City
            Honiara (20,000)
            Mogadishu (600,000)

            Pretoria (500,000)
            Madrid (3.3 million)
            Colombo (590,000)

            Khartoum (200,000)

            Paramaribo (150,000)

            Mbabane (30,000)

            Stockholm (1.5 million)

            Berne (145,000)

            Damascus (2.25 million)

            Taipei (2 million)

            Dar es Salaam (800,000)

            Bangkok (5.7 million)

            Lomé (250,000)

            Nuku'alofa (21,000)

            Port of Spain (100,000)

            Tunis (1.1 million)
            Ankara (3.2 million)

            Funafuti (2000)
            Kampala (400,000)

            Moscow (8.5 million)


                evince -p 570 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &



            language( s) a
            arable

            French

            / English, French

            English

            Malay, Chinese, English
            English

            Somali

            Afrikaans, English
            Spanish
            Sinhala, Tamil

            Arabic, English

            Surinamese, Dutch
            Siswati, English

            Swedish

            | German, French, Italian
            Arabic, French
            Mandarin Chinese

            Swahili, English

            Thai
            French, Dagomba

            Tongan, English
            English

            Arabic, French
            Turkish

            Tuvaluan, English
            Swahili, English

            Russian, local


            currency

            Saudi riyal (SR; S.

            C.F.A. frane (CF/
            100 centimes

            Seychelles rupee (:
            leone (Le) = 100:

            Singapore dollar (

            Solomon Islands ¢
            100 cents

            Somali shilling (S

            South African ran
            peseta (Pta) = 10
            Sri Lanka rupee (

            Sudanese pound (
            100 piastres

            Surinam guilder (
            lilangeni (p/. ema

            Swedish krona (S
            Swiss franc (SFr)
            Syrian pound (S£

            new Taiwan doll:
            100 cents

            Tanzanian shillin

            baht (Bt) = 100

            C.F.A. franc (CF
            100 centimes

            pa’anga (T$) = |

            Trinidad/Tobago
            100 cents

            Tunisian dinar (
            1000 millimes

            Turkish lira (TL

            Australian dolla:
            Ugandan shillin;

            rouble/ruble (Rb
            kopeck

            —————


            a eile ———_

            Useful information - 559

            AR) = 100 halalas | Arab League; G.C.C. ;

            OPEC

            \ Fr) = French Community ;
            O.C.A.M.M.; E.E.C.
            associate

            sRe) = 100 cents British Commonwealth

            cents British Commonwealth,
            0.A.U.

            S$) = 100 cents British Commonwealth ;
            ASEAN

            loliar (SI$) = British Commonwealth

            Sh) = 100 cents Arab League; O.A.U.;
            E.E.C. associate

            id (R) = 100 cents

            0 centimos | E.E.C.; O.E.C.D.

            SLRe) = 100 cents | British Commonwealth;
            Colombo Plan

            Sud£) = Arab League; O.A.U.

            SG) = 100 cents O.A.S.

            langeni) (E) British Commonwealth ;
            0.A.U.
            Kr) = 100 Grer E.F.T.A.; O.E.C.D.
            = 100 centimes E.F.T.A.; O.E.C.D.
            ) = 100 piastres Arab League
            ur (NT$) =


            g (TSh) = 100 cents | British Commonwealth;

            E.A.C.; O.A.U.

            satangs ASEAN; Colombo Plan

            ‘A Fr) = O.A.U.; O.C.A.M.M.;
            E.E.C. associate

            [00 seniti British Commonwealth

            dollar (TT$) = British Commonwealth;
            CARICOM; 0.A:S.

            rD) = Arab League; O.A.U.

            ) = 100 kurus E.E.C. associate; O.E.C.D. | F

            (A$) = 100 cents British Commonwealth

            z (USh) = 100 cents | British Commonwealth;
            0.A.U.

            ; Rub) = 100 COMECON


                evince -p 571 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &


            UNITED ARAB
            EMIRATES

            UNITED KINGDOM
            OF GREAT
            BRITAIN AND
            NORTHERN
            IRELAND

            UNITED STATES OF
            AMERICA

            URUGUAY

            VANUATU

            VATICAN CITY
            STATE

            VENEZUELA
            VIETNAM

            WESTERN SAMOA

            YEMEN, NORTH
            (SANA’A)

            | YEMEN, SOUTH

            (ADEN)
            YUGOSLAVIA
            ZAIRE

            ZAMBIA

            ZIMBABWE

            560 . Useful information

            eae, aM

            South-West Asia

            Western Europe

            North America
            South America

            West Pacific

            Southern Europe

            South America
            South-East Asia

            Central Pacific
            South-West Asia

            South-West Asia
            South-East Europe
            Central Africa
            Central Africa

            South-Central Africa



            opulation

            3 million (1984)

            5.7 million (1981)

            31 million (1980)
            9 million (1981)

            30,000 (1982)
            00 (1979)

            4.5 million (1982)
            0 million (1984)

            60,000 (1981)
            .6 million (1983)

            million (1980)
            2.4 million (1981)
            8.4 million (1981)
            million (1982)

            .5 million (1982)

            Abu Dhabi (400,000)

            London (12 million)

            Washington (630,000)
            Montevideo (350,000)

            Vila (15,000)

            Caracas (3.5 million)
            Hanoi (900,000)

            Apia (33,000)
            Sana’a (277,000)

            Aden (270,000)
            Belgrade (1.5 million)
            Kinshasa (2.5 million)

            Lusaka (650,000)

            Harare (650,000)


                evince -p 572 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &


            language(s) currency

            Arabic

            English

            English
            Spanish

            Pidgin, English, French

            Italian

            Spanish
            Vietnamese, French

            Samoan, English
            Arabic

            Arabic
            Serbo-Croat, etc.
            French

            English, local

            English, Shona

            U.A.E. dirham (U,

            pound sterling (£) :

            U.S. dollar (US$; $
            Uruguay new peso
            100 centésimos

            vatu (V) = 100 cer
            Italian lira (L)

            bolivar (B; Bs) = |
            dong (D) = 10 hau

            Samoan tala (WS$)
            Yemeni riyal (YR)

            South Yemeni dina
            1000 fils

            Yugoslav dinar (Yu

            zaire (Z) = 100 ma

            kwacha (K) = 100

            Zimbabwe dollar (2


            Useful information - 561

            AE Dh) = 100 fils | Arab League; OPEC

            = 100 pence

            ) = 100 cents
            (UN$) =

            its

            00 centimos
            /has or 100 xu

            = 100 sene
            = 100 fils

            r(YD) =

            D) = 100 paras
            kuta or likuta
            ngwee

            ’$) = 100 cents

            British Commonwealth;
            Eow&., OE.C.D-
            Colombo Plan

            O.AS.: O.E.C.D.;
            Colombo Plan

            O.A.8.; L.A.F.T.A.

            British Commonwealth

            L.A.F.T.A.; O.A.S.; OPEC

            COMECON ; Colombo
            Plan

            British Commonwealth
            Arab League

            Arab League

            COMECON associate;
            O.E.C.D. associate

            0.A.U.; O.C.A.M.M.;
            E.E.C. associate

            British Commonwealth;
            0.A.U.

            British Commonwealth



                evince -p 573 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            BERR Ww SRERE west FF whet see ee GSS 6S


            their usual symbols or abbreviations, and
            their equivalents in fractional units.


            standard unit fractional

            afghani (Af)
            austral (A)
            baht (Bt)
            balboa (Ba)
            birr (Br)
            cedi (C)
            colon (CRc)
            colon (ESc)
            cordoba (C)
            cruzado (Cr)
            dalasi (D; Di)
            DDR/Ost Mark (M; Em)
            Deutsche Mark (DM)
            dinar (AD)
            dinar (BD)
            dinar (ID)
            dinar (JD)
            dinar (KD)
            dinar (LD)
            dinar (TD)
            dirham (Dh)
            dollar
            dong (D)
            drachma (Dr)
            ekpwele (E)
            escudo (CVEsc)
            | | escudo (Esc)
            a] | forint (F; Ft)
            | franc


            | guarani (G)
            guilder/florin (G)
            kina (Ka)

            kip (K)


            = 100 pi
            = 100 ce
            = 100 sa
            = 100 ce
            = 100 ce
            = 100 pe
            = 100 ce
            = 100 ce
            = 100 ce
            = 100 cn
            = 100 bu
            = 100 pfe
            = 100 pfe
            = 100 ce!
            = 1000 fill
            = 1000 fil
            = 1000 fil
            = 1000 fil
            = 1000 di

            see entry ir
            = 100 xu
            = 100 lept
            = 100 cen
            = 100 cen
            = 100 cen
            = 100 fille
            see entry in
            = 100 cen
            = 100 cent
            100 toea
            100 at


            unit

            ili or puls
            ntavos
            tang
            ntesimos
            nts
            sewas
            ntimos
            ntavos
            ntavos
            1Z1€rOs
            tut

            snnig
            snnig
            itimes

            is

            rhams
            illimes
            times
            1 text
            or 10 hao
            fa
            timos
            tavos
            tavos
            r

            text
            Limos

            is

            country

            Afghanistan
            Argentina
            Thailand
            Panama
            Ethiopia
            Ghana

            Costa Rica

            El Salvador
            Nicaragua
            Brazil

            The Gambia
            East Germany
            West Germany
            Algeria
            Bahrain

            Iraq

            Jordan
            Kuwait

            Libya

            Tunisia

            Morocco

            Vietnam

            Greece

            Equatorial Guinea
            Cape Verde Islands
            Portugal

            Hungary

            Paraguay
            The Netherlands

            Papua New Guinea

            Laos


                evince -p 574 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            ;
            :
            ;
            ;
            {


            |


            | standard wi

            = 1 et! ICE, ore a

            koruna (A.ca!

            | keéma (TAS)
            | kroma (SA 1)

            | krome (DAL)

            krome (NAT)
            kwacha (A)
            kwacha (KA)

            | Kwanza (Kz)

            | kyat (KO

            | jek (LK)
            | bempire (LL; La)

            leone (Le)

            | bow (pl. ten) (Lei)

            lew (Lv)

            lira (pv. lire) (L)
            tora (TL)

            lot (p/, maloti) (M)
            markka (PF Mk)
            metical (MT)
            naira (N)

            new peso (N$)
            ngultrum (N)
            ougurya (U; UM)
            pa‘anga (T$)
            peseta (Pta)

            peso (BS)

            peso (Ch)

            | peso (ColS)

            peso (Cub$)
            peso (DRS)

            | peso (Mex$)
            | peso (PP)

            pound (C£)
            pound (Ef)
            pound/punt (If)

            pound (L£)

            | pound (Sudf)

            pound (Sf)
            pound (£)



            A ee

            ‘? pay

            fim wrPeeis aera ft

            = 108) halerw

            ie?) ewry a


            \O0 rer
            100) Geer
            100 tam ta
            100 ngwee
            100 bees
            100 pyas
            100 qindar
            100 centay
            100 cents
            100 ban:
            100 stotrnh

            100 kurws
            100 lisente
            100 pennis
            100 centav
            100 kobos
            100 centés:
            100 chetru:
            5 khourr
            100 seniti
            100 centim
            100 centav
            100 centav
            100 centav
            100 centav
            100 centav
            100 centav
            100 centav






            ’ gra |
            t
            .

            Las

            >see eRR EB SF

            (* eee hcmhess
            Lorian

            ‘Se fobe tn

            [ henenert
            Nite ey
            Male w:
            Jamba

            A ngpods
            Burma :
            Aibenta
            Honduras

            Serre Leone

            tra agg ag ae i aT na Y 8

            Romania
            Bulgaria

            Italy

            Turkey
            Lesotho
            Finland
            Mozambique
            Nigeria
            Uruguay

            ee rhe a ee RL Le: Py oe

            Bhutan
            Mauritania
            Tonga
            Spain

                evince -p 575 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &

            standard unit

            koruna (Kcs)
            krona (IKr)
            krona (SKr)

            | krone (DKr)

            krone (NKr)
            kwacha (K)

            | kwacha (K)

            kwanza (Kz)
            kyat (Kt)

            lek (Lk)
            lempira (L; La)
            leone (Le)

            leu (pl. lei) (Lei)
            lev (Lv)

            lira (pl. lire) (L)
            lira (TL)

            loti (pl. maloti) (M)
            markka (FMk)
            metical (MT)
            naira (N)

            new peso (N$)
            ngultrum (N)
            ouguiya (U; UM)
            pa’anga (T$)
            peseta (Pta)
            peso (B$)

            peso (Ch$)
            peso (Col$)
            peso (Cub$)
            peso (DR$)
            peso (Mex$)
            peso (PP)
            pound (C£)
            pound (E£)
            pound/punt (I£)
            pound (L£)
            pound (Sud£)
            pound (S£)
            pound (£)


            fractional unit

            100 haleru/!
            100 eyrir or

            = 100 6rer

            100 Orer
            100 6rer
            100 tambale

            = 100 ngwee

            100 lwei
            100 pyas
            100 qindark
            100 centavo
            100 cents
            100 bani
            100 stotinki

            100 kurus
            100 lisente
            100 pennia
            100 centavo:
            100 kobos

            100 centésin

            = 100 chetrum

            5 khoums
            100 seniti
            100 centimo
            100 centavo:
            100 centavo:
            100 centavo:
            100 centavo:
            100 centavos
            100 centavo:
            100 centavos
            1000 mils
            100 piastres

            = 100 pence

            100 piastres
            100 piastres
            100 piastres

            = 100 pence

            ae ———————— 2

            it ee


            Useful information - 563

            ieller Czechoslovakia



            aurar Iceland
            Sweden
            Denmark
            Norway

            1S Malawi
            Zambia
            Angola
            Burma

            a Albania

            S Honduras
            Sierra Leone

            Romania


            Bulgaria
            Italy
            Turkey
            Lesotho
            Finland

            S Mozambique


            Nigeria
            10S Uruguay
            S Bhutan
            Mauritania
            Tonga
            S Spain
            Bolivia
            Chile
            Colombia
            Cuba
            5 Dominican Republic
            Mexico
            The Philippines
            Cyprus
            Egypt
            Ireland to
            Lebanon xf e
            Sudan oH
            Syria
            United Kingdom


                evince -p 576 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/engbusinessdict.pdf &


            564 ° Useful information


            ional u
            standard unit fractio

            pula (P)
            punt/pound (I£)
            quetzal (Q)
            rand (R)

            renminbi yuan (Rmb)

            rial (IR;RI)
            rial (RO)
            rial (QR)
            riel (K Ri)
            riyal (SR; SAR)
            riyal (YR)
            rouble (Rb; Rub)
            rufiyaa (MvR)
            rupee (Re; pl. Rs)
            rupee (MRe)
            rupee (NRe)
            rupee (Pak Re)
            rupee (SRe)
            rupee (SLRe)
            schilling (ASch)
            shekel (IS; SK)
            shilling (Ks; KSh)
            shilling (SoSh)
            shilling (TSh)
            shilling (USh)
            sol (S)
            sucre (Su)
            syli/suli (GS)
            taka (Tk)
            tala (WSS)
            tugrik (Tug)
            won (NK W)
            won (SK W)
            yen (Y)
            zaire (Z)
            zloty (Z1)

            100 thel
            100 pen
            100 cen

            = 100 cen

            100 fen
            100 din:

            = 1000 ba
            = 100 dirk

            100 sen

            = 100 hal:
            = 100 fils
            = 100 kop
            = 100 lari

            100 pais

            = 100 cen
            = 100 pais
            = 100 pais
            = 100 cen

            100 cen:
            100 gro:
            100 ago
            100 cen
            100 cen
            100 cen
            100 cen
            100 cen
            100 cen
            100 cau

            = 100 poi:

            100 sen
            100 m6:
            100 jeor
            100 cho

            100 sen
            100 liku
            100 gro:

             

            nit

            €

            ce

            tavos

            [s

            or 10 chiao/jiao
            ars

            iza

            lams

            ilas

            ngos
            1/jon/jun

            n/jun

            ita/makuta
            sZy


            Botswana
            Ireland
            Guatemala
            South Africa
            China

            Iran

            Oman
            Qatar/Dubai
            Kampuchea
            Saudi Arabia
            North Yemen
            U.S.S.R.
            Maldives
            India
            Mauritius
            Nepal
            Pakistan
            Seychelles
            Sri Lanka
            Austria
            Israel

            Kenya
            Somalia
            Tanzania
            Uganda
            Peru
            Ecuador
            Guinea
            Bangladesh
            Western Samoa
            Mongolia
            North Korea
            South Korea
            Japan

            Zaire
            Poland
            

