set foldmethod=indent foldlevel=2
vim: fdm=indent:fdl=2:
https://archive.org/details/sheliterallyexpl0000hows ****
    https://archive.org/details/worldinphrasebri0000gear

            COLLINS

            COBUILD
            1

            I

            }

            Helping learners with real English
            I

            V

            I

            *Nr
            r
            i
            f-T

            11

            JB
            l
            ffl

            f.

            i

            II

            I,

            , ST

            Mn

            u
            w
            V

            «4 .

            I

            i

            Vi

            km
            ;

            / •
            1/ .Jÿi
            i

            ri

            THE COBUILD SERIES /w'THE BANK OF ENGLISH

            *

            COLLINS

            *

            COBUILD
            DICTIONARY OF

            IDIOMS

            THE UNIVERSITY
            OF BIRMINGHAM

            HarperCol li

            COLLINS

            COBUILD


                evince -p 225 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/en-idiomdict2.pdf &

            HarperCollins Publishers

            77-85 Fulham Palace Road
            London W6 8JB
            COBUILD is a trademark of William Collins Sons & Co. Ltd.

            ©HarperCollins Publishers Ltd 1995
            First published 1995
            Reprinted 1997

            1098765432
            All rights reserved. No part of this book may be reproduced, stored
            in a retrieval system, or transmitted In any form or by any means,
            electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording or otherwise,
            without the prior permission in writing of the Publisher
            ISBN 0 00 375030 2 (HB)
            ISBN 0 00 370946 9 (PB)

            Corpus Acknow ledgements
            We would like to acknowledge the assistance of the many hundreds of
            individuals and companies who have kindly given permission for
            copyright material to be used in The Bank of English. The written
            sources include many national and regional newspapers in Britain and
            overseas, magazine and periodical publishers, and book publishers in
            Britain, the United States, and Australia. Extensive spoken data has
            been provided by radio and television broadcasting companies; research
            workers at many universities and other institutions; and numerous
            individual contributors. We are grateful to them all.

            Note

            Entered words that we have reason to believe constitute trademarks
            have been designated as such. However, neither the presence nor absence
            of such designation should be regarded as affecting the
            legal status of any trademark.
            Typeset by Morton Word Processing Ltd.

            Printed in Great Britain by

            Caledonian International Book Manufacturing Ltd, Glasgow , G64


                evince -p 226 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/en-idiomdict2.pdf &

            Editorial Team
            Founding Editor-in-Chief

            John Sinclair

            Editorial Director
            Gwyneth Fox
            Editorial Manager
            Rosamund Moon
            Editors
            Jenny Watson
            Elizabeth Potter
            John Todd
            Miranda Timewell
            Michael Lax
            Computer Staff

            Tim Lane
            Zoe James

            The Bank of English
            Jeremy Clear
            Sue Smith

            Secretarial Staff
            Sue Crawley
            Michelle Devereux

            Design and Production

            Publishing Manager
            Debbie Seymour

            Lynsey Roxburgh

            Ted Carden
            Jill McNair

            Managing Director, Collins Dictionaries

            Richard Thomas

            Acknowledgements
            We would like to thank Jane Bradbury for her invaluable assistance in
            reading through the text of the dictionary and commenting at length on it

            Clare Marson, Hdloise McGuinness, Luisa Plaja, and Mike Stocks worked
            on this dictionary in its early stages, and we would like to thank them for
            their contributions. We would also like to thank Deborah Yuill and Keith
            Harvey for their contributions, and to acknowledge their research at
            COBUILD into idioms, in particular in setting up the COBUILD Idioms Testing
            Initiative: an investigation into learners' perceptions of idioms and the way
            in which learners use idioms dictionaries.
            Dr Julia Penelope and Robin Rosenberg read the dictionary text as our
            informants on American English, and, together with Lucille Glassman and
            Debbie Posner, helped us on many points. Professor Malcolm Coulthard and
            Malcolm Goodale commented on the text and suggested improvements. We
            gratefully acknowledge all their contributions and advice.

            t

            Finally, we thank other members of the COBUILD team for their support
            comments, and suggestions throughout the project.

                evince -p 5 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            Introduction
            The COBUILD Dictionary of Idioms, like other COBUILD dictionaries, is based
            on an extensive study of a large corpus of modem English texts, and so it is in a
            unique position to describe idioms in current English. Idioms are one of the
            most interesting and difficult parts of the English vocabulary. They are
            interesting because they are colourful and lively, and because they are
            linguistic curiosities. At the same time, they are difficult because they have

            unpredictable meanings or collocations and grammar, and often have special
            connotations. Idioms are frequently neglected in general dictionaries and in
            classroom teaching, because they are considered marginal items which are
            quaint but not significant Yet research into idioms shows that they have

            important roles in spoken language and in writing, in particular in conveying
            evaluations and in developing or maintaining interactions. The COBUILD
            Dictionary of Idioms sets out to give detailed coverage of these points.

            About this dictionary
            The COBUILD Dictionary of Idioms is primarily intended for teachers of English
            and intermediate advanced learners, although we hope that many other
            people will find it interesting and useful. It deals with approximately 4400
            English idioms, and illustrates them with a rich collection of examples which
            are drawn from The Bank of English and which show how idioms are used in
            real English. There is a workbook the COBUILD Idioms Workbook to
            accompany the dictionary, written by Malcolm Goodale. It is designed for both
            class work and self study, and concentrates on 250 of the idioms explained in
            the dictionary.

            What is an idiom?
            An idiom is a special kind of phrase. It is a group of words which have a
            different meaning when used together from the one it would have if the
            meaning of each word were taken individually. If you do not know that the
            words have a special meaning together, you may well misinterpret what
            someone is saying, or be puzzled by why they are saying something that is
            untrue or irrelevant. For example, learners might not recognize the idioms
            bite someone's head off and out in the cold. They would then have problems
            understanding remarks such as ‘Don't bite my head off just because you're bad
            tempered' and 'They were going to play together and that left me out in the
            cold, you know' (These examples are taken from transcribed conversations in
            The Bank of English.)
            Idioms are typically metaphorical: they are effectively metaphors which have
            become 'fixed' or ‘fossilized'. In some cases, it is fairly easy to see how the
            idiomatic meaning relates to the literal meaning. For example, kill two birds
            with one stone means ‘achieve two things at the same time', and the image in
            the metaphor supports this meaning. In other cases, the literal meanings may
            make no sense at all. For example, move heaven and earth literally describes
            an action which is physically impossible. In a few further cases, the metaphors
            in the idioms are peculiar, and their true origins are unknown, so it is very
            difficult to see how or why the idioms have come to have their current
            meanings. For example, there are several explanations of kick the bucket and
            raining cats and dogs, but none is very satisfactory. While we do not explain
            idiom histories in this dictionary, we occasionally make comments to explain
            words which might puzzle learners, or to explain common allusions which are
            often made in the context of an idiom.

            The scope of the dictionary
            The COBUILD Dictionary of Idioms covers a large number of the idioms which
            people are likely to find in everyday English. It includes traditional English
            iv


                evince -p 6 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            idioms such as spill the beans and a red herring It also includes a number of
            expressions which can be considered ‘semi-idioms': some very common multiword
            metaphors such as the acid rest and brownie points, metaphorical
            proverbs such as every cloud has a silver lining and in for a penny, in for a
            pound-, common similes such as white as a sheet and old as the hills', and some
            other expressions which have a strong pragmatic meaning, such asfamous
            last words and that's the way the cookie crumbles. We have deliberately avoided
            including other kinds of fixed expression such as in fact and at least, or
            greetings and other fixed formulae such as how do you do and excuse me. Many
            of these are very common, but they sire dealt with in detail in our general
            dictionaries, such as the Collins COBUILD English Dictionary.

            Some of the idioms in the COBUILD Dictionary of Idioms also appear in other
            COBUILD dictionaries, but there they can only be given very brief entries, often
            without examples. Other idioms in the Dictionary of Idioms are too infrequent
            to be included in even the largest COBUILD dictionary.

            Phrasal verbs fixed combinations of verbs and particles, such as give up, put
            cff, and throw out - are dealt with in the COBUILD Dictionary of Phrasal Verbs.
            However, expressions which are combinations of verbs, particles, and fixed or
            semi fixed noun phrases are considered to be idioms rather than phrasal
            verbs. This means that you will find expressions such as give up the ghost, put
            someone off their stroke, and throw the baby out with the bath water in the
            COBUILD Dictionary of Idioms, rather than in the Dictionary of Phrasal Verbs.

            Idioms and corpora
            COBUILD has always been associated with the use of corpora in lexicography.
            All our dictionaries, grammars, and usage books are based on our
            examinations of the evidence in large computer-held corpora of English texts.
            Since 1991, we have been working with The Bank of English. This now
            contains 211 million words, and it is made up from substantial holdings of
            British and American English together with smaller holdings of other
            varieties of English. The texts in the corpus range from newspapers,
            magazines, fiction, and non fiction to transcribed conversations and
            broadcasting.
            The COBUILD Dictionary of Idioms represents what we have learned about
            idioms in The Bank of English. One of the first points to be made is that idioms
            are comparatively infrequent, and it is only by having a very large corpus that
            we have sufficient evidence to describe idioms accurately and with
            confidence. Nearly one third of the idioms in this dictionary occur less often
            than once per 10 million words of the corpus. The idioms in the highest
            frequency band occur in our data at least once per two million words of
            English. However, to set the matter in perspective, only a few of these occur as
            frequently as any of the words we have marked for frequency in the COBUILD
            English Dictionary. More detailed information about the frequency bands is
            given on page xvii.
            Another point is that although idioms are often described as ‘fixed', they are
            typically not fixed at all Many idioms have two or more alternative forms,
            without any change in meaning for example, burn your bridges and burn your
            boats, or up the ante and raise the ante. Sometimes, these different forms reflect
            differences between British and American English: for example, burn your
            bridges is used in both varieties, whereas the form burn your boats is used only
            in British English. In many cases, there are several different verbs which can
            be used in an idiom: for example, ‘sit' is the verb most commonly found in the
            idiom sit on thefence, and so we have given this as the main form, but verbs
            such as ‘stay' and ‘be' can be used instead of ‘sit'. There are slight changes in
            meaning but these changes are predictable from the usual meanings of the
            verbs which have been substituted. Similarly, prepositions or syntax can
            V


                evince -p 7 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            vary: for example, have your back to the wall and have your back against the
            wall, orfeel something in your bonesand have a feeling in your bones.
            The COBUILD Dictionary of Idioms shows these kinds of variation, listing the
            major variations at the beginning of each entry, and indicating any
            differences in usage between variations We also indicate cases where the
            form of the idiom is very unstable and we show the range of possible wordings.
            For example, there are no fixed words at all in the idiom wash your dirty linen
            in public. We deal with it at the headword dirty, and we discuss the range of
            alternative forms.

            A third point is that idioms have often been associated with conversation and
            informal language. However, the evidence in The Bank of English suggests
            that they are also very common in journalism and magazines, where writers
            are seeking to make their articles and stories more vivid, interesting, and
            appealing to their readers. Idioms are often used by both journalists and
            politicians as shorthand ways of expressing opinions or conveying readymade
            evaluations. While such use of idioms is often criticized and dismissed
            as ‘clicW, suggesting that the speaker or writer has nothing interesting or
            original to say, it is also true that idioms help speakers and writers to be fluent
            and to get their opinions across effectively.

            The examples in the COBUILD Dictionary of Idioms are all authentic, and drawn
            from The Bank of English. Where necessary, we have edited them slightly to
            make them easier to read; however, most are cited in their original forms
            Idioms are often used in fairly complex ways in context, and so the examples
            chosen are often much longer than in other COBUILD dictionaries, in order to
            demonstrate this fully. For instance,

            The two sides went into these talks with positions that were not veryfar apart
            in terms of their political demands. Dotting all the i's and crossing all the t's
            may take some time, however.
            The idiom appears in the second sentence of the example. On its own, this
            sentence would only give a partial insight into the meaning of the idiom: that
            the process is time-consuming. The first sentence adds context which
            reinforces the fact that ‘dotting the i's and crossing the t's' involves dealing
            with details rather than the main part of a piece of work.

            Idioms, pragmatics, and context
            Pragmatics is the study of the way in which people use language to achieve
            different goals for example in making suggestions or offers, in thanking, in
            expressing emotions and opinions, or in making commitments. Idioms have
            important pragmatic functions in language. Because they have fairly general
            meanings, they are less often used purely to convey factual information and
            more often to convey attitude. They typically convey evaluations: they are
            used as ways of expressing approval and admiration, or disapproval and
            criticism. An idiom may have connotations and pragmatic meanings which
            are not obvious to people who are unfamiliar with that idiom, and so the real
            meaning of a statement may be missed. Similarly, someone may use an idiom
            without realizing it will be interpreted as critical or disapproving, and
            therefore unintentionally cause the wrong reaction in the person they are
            talking to. The COBLILD Dictionary of Idioms gives explicit guidance on this
            area, in order to help learners of English (and their teachers) understand
            idioms more fully and be able to use them more confidently.

            In addition to conveying evaluations, idioms have other functions in texts and
            interactions. For example, idioms are used to give emphasis or to organize
            discourse, or in conveying thanks or refusals. Where these uses are shown in
            our data, we mention them explicitly in the dictionary explanations.
            vi


                evince -p 8 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            People often use idioms in order to create a sense of ‘camaraderie' with the
            people they are speaking to or writing for: idioms make language seem more
            lively and interesting, more friendly and more informal. Because of this,
            idioms are generally considered informal and are often labelled as ‘informal'
            or ‘colloquial' in general dictionaries of English. In fact, idioms are often used
            in contexts which are not really informal at all. In this dictionary, we have
            only labelled as ‘informal' those idioms which are very informal and which
            might cause offence if used in the wrong situations. As a general rule, learners
            should be careful how they use idioms in formal contexts and in formal
            writing.

            British and American idioms
            There are some distinctions between the idioms used in British English and
            the idioms used in American English, although the majority of idioms are
            common to both varieties. We have covered both British and American idioms
            in this dictionary, and we show where there are variations in form or usage
            For example, speakers of British English say that people take things in their
            stride, whereas speakers of American English say they take things in stride.
            The situation is complicated because idiom usage changes rapidly. Some
            idioms are not used in American English on a sticky wicket and chalk and
            cheese- whereas others are rarely used in British English live high on the hog
            and spin your wheels. However, many other idioms which were originally
            American have become fashionable in British English, in particular in
            journalism or the media. Other American idioms become known to British
            speakers because of the influence of American culture, for example films and
            music. In some cases, ‘American' idioms are now so common in British
            English that it would be wrong to label them as only or even mainly used in
            American English. Even though some people may think of these idioms as
            American, they are now much more widely known and used.
            The situation with Australian English is also complicated, since Australian
            English includes both ‘British' and 'American' idioms. We have not attempted
            in this dictionary to give guidance on Australian English, and when we
            comment that an idiom is only used in British English or only used in
            American English, we are neither including nor excluding Australian
            English. We have, however, included a few Australian English idioms which
            our evidence suggests are used more widely now We have taken a similar
            approach with other varieties of English.

            Finally...
            Since we published our first COBUILD dictionary, many people have written to
            us with comments and advice. This has proved invaluable, and we have
            benefited greatly from it. We are always pleased to hear from the users of our
            dictionaries, and we would be delighted to hear from you. You can e-mail us at
            editors@cobuild.collins.co.uk or write to us at the address below.
            We hope that you find the COBUILD Dictionary of Idioms useful, easy to use. and
            above all interesting. We look forward to hearing from you with your
            reactions and suggestions.
            Rosamund Moon, Editorial Manager
            COBUILD
            Institute of Research and Development
            University of Birmingham Research Park
            Vincent Drive
            Birmingham BlS 2SQ
            Great Britain

            vii


                evince -p 9 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            How to find an idiom
            To find an idiom in the COBUILD Dictionary of Idioms, you should go
            straight to the index at the end of the dictionary. This contains entries for
            every lexical word in every idiom in the dictionary, and it shows you
            under which headword in the dictionary you will find the idiom that you
            are looking for. See page 433 of the dictionary for more information on
            how to use the index.

            Although you can find idioms by looking at the main text first, you may
            find it harder to locate them. You may not know what form of the idiom is
            given in the text, and you may not realize that it has variations.
            By using the index first, you will be able to see immediately if the idiom is
            covered in the dictionary, what form it is given in, and where to find it in
            the main text.

            Headwords in the dictionary
            The idiom entries in the main dictionary text are each attached to a
            headword, which is normally one of the lexical words in the idiom.
            Headwords are arranged alphabetically. This is to help you find idioms as
            easily as possible. For example, the index will tell you that spill the beans
            is under the headword beans. You then need to find the headword beans
            in the main dictionary: it is the headword between bean and bear.

            battle
            bay
            bead
            be-all
            beam
            bean
            beans
            bear
            beast
            beat
            beaver
            beck
            bed

            Note that if the word we choose as headword is a plural noun or a verb

            participle, then the headword will also be in that form, rather than in the
            base form of the noun or verb. This is why spill the beans is under beans

            rather than bean.
            Generally, the word we choose as headword is a noun: for example, rock
            the boat is under the noun boat as headword, and sit on thefence is under
            fence. If there are two nouns, then the headword is the first noun: for
            example, it's raining cats and dogs is under the headword cats and cost an
            arm and a leg under arm. If the idiom contains no nouns, then an acjjective
            is chosen: for example, go easy on someone is under the headword easy and
            in black and white is under black. If the idiom contains no nouns or
            adjectives, then the headword will be either a verb or an adverb.

            There are four main exceptions to this general rule:
            1. The word chosen as headword is normally a fixed word in the idiom:

            that is. it never varies. In some cases, the only noun in the idiom
            vlii


                evince -p 10 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            varies, and so we have chosen to put the idiom under another word
            which is fixed. For example, beat your breast has a common variation
            beat your chest, and so you will find the idiom under the verb beat

            2. Occasionally, our rule for choosing headwords would mean that two
            idioms which contain similar words would end up in very different
            parts of the dictionary. In this case, we put them under the same
            headword. For example, we put both afair crack of the whip and to
            crack the whip under the headword whip.

            3. If an idiom contains two nouns, but the first noun is a very general
            word such as ‘end1 or ‘top', then the idiom will be found at the second
            noun. For example, the thin end of the wedge is under wedge.
            4 . Finally, similes such as white as a sheet and old as the hills are always
            dealt with under their adjectives - white and old in these cases
            rather than under their nouns. This is because they generally
            reinforce or emphasize the meaning of the adjective.

            The order of idiom entries
            Idioms are arranged in alphabetical order under each dictionary
            headword. Note that if the first word in an idiom is ‘a' or ‘the', it is not
            taken into account in the idiom sequence. Here, for example, are the
            idioms appearing under the headword wolf:

            cry wolf
            keep the wolf from the door
            a lone wolf
            a wolf in sheep's clothing
            Note also that only the principal forms of idioms are alphabetized.
            This means that any variant forms given at the beginning of an entry for
            an individual idiom may appear to be out of alphabetical order.
            Here, for example, are the idioms appearing under the dictionary
            headword feet.
            dead on your feet
            feet on the ground
            find your feet
            get cold feet
            have cold feet (variation)
            get your feet on the ground
            get your feet under the table
            get your feet wet
            have your feet wet (variation)
            have feet of clay
            clay feet (variation)
            itchy feet
            land on your feet
            fall on your feet (variation)
            put your feet up
            rushed off your feet
            stand on your own two feet
            stand on your own feet (variation)
            sweep someone off their feet 1
            sweep someone off their feet: 2
            think on your feet
            under someone's feet
            vote with your feet
            ix


                evince -p 11 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            Guide to the Dictionary Entries
            dictionary headword

            <-4
            keel
            on an even keel
            |If someone or something is on an
            yen

            idiom

            keel, they are calm or are pro
            explanation

            gressing steadily, especially during or
            ifter a period of troubles or difficulties.
            She sees it as her role to keep the{am
            Uy an an even keel through its time oj
            hardship. .A

            mmm
            i
            fly the nest

            example

            idiom and common variation

            leave the nest
            children fly the neat or leave
            the neat, they leave their parents' home
            to live
            own. Compare fly the
            coop, see coop
            One day the children art going to fly
            the nest and have their own lives.
            When thetr children had flown the
            nest, he and his wife moved to a thatched
            cottage in Dorset.

            cross reference

            frequency indicator

            4
            pick holes in something
            If you pick boles in something such
            as an argument or theory, you find weak
            points in it which disprove it or show
            ' Verbs such as 'poke'
            that it is
            and 'shoot' can be used instead of 'pick'
            They say that the great science of the
            2lst century will be biology. Thus we do
            not nmt so many physicists as In the past.
            It Is easy to pick holes in this argument
            For him. a winning start to the
            European Championship campaign was
            not enough and yesterday he picked holes
            in the team's performance against
            Poland.
            The defense lawyers attempted to poke
            holes In the testimony of o prosecution

            comment on minor variations of
            idiom

            witness.

            Bet up someone's nose

            If you say that something or someone
            pets up your noea, you mean that they
            youa
            This is an infor
            mal expression, which is used mainly in
            British English.
            my surprise when / contacted
            the dealers and was told 'Sorry, It will not
            arrive until February JO.' What realty
            gets up my nose Is that alt / want Is a
            standard white car.
            This producer looks as if he's going to
            get up everybody's nose. He has only been
            hen for a few hours and already he has
            been babbling about 'discipline' to Annie.

            comment on usage - for example,
            level of formality or region of use

            x


                evince -p 12 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            444
            neck and neck
            In a race or contest, tf two competitors
            are neck and neck, they are exactly
            level with each other, ao that it is
            Impossible to aay who will win.
            The latest opinion polls show both
            parties running neck and neck.
            Leeds art currently neck-and-neck
            with Manchester United for the

            follow-on paragraph, showing
            syntactic variation (also used for
            showing slight changes in
            meaning or use)

            You can use neck and neck before a

            noun.
            France and the
            Jeantot
            South African John Martin art Involved
            In a neck and neck race to finish second
            across the line.

            plain as the nose on .
            if you say that something is as plain
            as the nose on your face, you are
            emphasizing that it is very obvious or

            indication in explanation of
            pragmatic function - idiom is used

            to give emphasis

            easy to understand
            It's plain as the nose on your foot that
            this company Is wildly undervalued
            His humour can be as plain as the
            nose on your fact

            feather

            nest

            indication in explanation of
            pragmatic function idiom is used

            If you accuse someone of feathering
            their nest, you are accusing them of tak
            ing advantage of their position in order
            to get a lot of money, so that they can
            lead a comfortable life.
            The politicians seem anxious to feather
            their nests at the expense of the people.
            It wasn't done to feather his own nest,
            It was for his son.

            to criticize someone

            meaning numbers - to show idiom
            has two meanings

            under your own steam: 1
            If you go somewhere under your
            own steam, you make your own
            arrangements for the Journey, rather
            than letting someone rise organize it for
            you.
            Most hotels organise tours to Inland
            beauty spots, but car hire is cheap enough
            to consider taking off into the hills under

            your own steam.

            under your own steam: 2
            If you do something under your own
            steam, you do it on your own and without
            help from anyone else.
            He left the group convinced he could
            do better under his own steam.

            xi


                evince -p 13 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            Guide to the Dictionary Entries
            Idiom headwords, forms, and variations
            At the beginning of each idiom entry in the dictionary, we give a
            headword form for the idiom. Idioms are arranged in alphabetical order
            of these forms. We use 'someone', ‘something', and 'somewhere' in idiom
            headwords to indicate that the idiom has to be completed with a word
            referring to respectively a person, a thing, or a place. Similarly, we use
            words such as ‘you', ‘your', 'yourself, and ‘their' to indicate that an
            appropriate pronoun or possessive adjective should be supplied.

            Where an idiom has variations, we give the commonest form as the idiom
            headword. If a variation is very common, or substantially different from
            the idiom headword, or reflects a British/ American usage distinction, we
            give the variation as a second idiom headword. We also mention these
            variations in the explanations:
            When children fly the nest or leave the nest, they leave their parents'
            home to live on their own.
            If you say that it is possible to do something at a pinch or in a pinch.
            you mean it can just be done if it is absolutely necessary. ‘At a pinch' is
            used in British English and ‘in a pinch' is used in American English.

            Where the variations are minor, we mention them in a sentence at the end
            of the explanation:

            If you pick holes in something such as an argument or theory, you
            find weak points in it which disprove it or show that it is wrong. Verbs
            such as ‘poke' and ‘shoot' can be used instead of ‘pick'.
            Occasionally, variations are dealt with in a follow-on paragraph if they
            need special comment. For example, the entry for the idiom a wolf in
            sheep's clothing has the follow-on paragraph
            People sometimes describe someone as a sheep in wolfs clothing
            to mean that the person seems dangerous or powerful, but is really
            harmless or ordinary.

            and the entry for hovefeet qf clay has

            You can also say that someone has clay feet. This form is used

            mainly in American English.

            More information about variations can be found in the examples, which
            are chosen to reflect the range of forms occurring in The Bank of English

            Explanations and meanings
            The explanations or definitions in this dictionary, as in other COBUILD
            dictionaries, are written in full sentences. This enables us to define
            idioms in a natural way, by explaining them in context with their most
            typical structures and collocations: see the following sections. The
            language of the explanations is kept as simple as possible, and just over
            2000 different words are used.
            xii


                evince -p 14 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            In addition to describing the meanings of idioms, explanations often
            give information about the contexts in which they are used. For example.
            the explanation for neck and neck
            In a race or contest, if two competitors are neck and neck, they are
            exactly level with each other, so that it is impossible to say who will

            win.
            shows that the idiom is typically used in the context of races and contests

            - and is also used to describe competitors in the race or competition.

            Idioms sometimes have two or more different meanings. We indicate this
            by giving a number after the idiom headword. There are often different
            variations associated with the different meanings. Similarly, they often
            have different usages or frequencies, and we give this information in the
            individual numbered entries.
            Sometimes follow-on paragraphs are used to deal with slight changes in
            meaning or usage. For example, the main explanation of change hands is

            If something changes hands, one person or organization gets it from
            another, usually by buying it.
            and the follow-on paragraph is
            l~ When something is sold for a particular amount of money, you say
            that amount of money changes hands.

            Inflections and grammar
            We do not give explicit information about the inflection and syntactic
            behaviour of idioms. Instead, we give the information implicitly, by
            showing in the explanations and examples which words inflect and which
            structure or structures are typically associated with an idiom. By using
            these as guidelines, learners will be able to produce their own sentences
            with idioms.

            For example, the following explanation

            If someone dots the i's and crosses the t's. they add the final minor
            details to a piece of work, plan, or arrangement.
            shows that there are two verbs in the idiom which both inflect The
            explanation for skate on thin ice

            If you say that someone is skating on thin ice, you mean that they
            have got themselves into a difficult situation which may have serious
            or unpleasant consequences for them.
            shows that the verb ‘skate' inflects, and also that the verb is typically used
            in the continuous.
            Explanations give other information about structures. The explanation
            for the first meaning of marching orders begins

            If you are given your marching orders, you are made to leave
            something such as a job or a relationship.
            xiii


                evince -p 15 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            It shows that the idiom is typically used after the verb ‘give', typically in
            the passive, and also after a possessive adjective. This is supported by the
            structures shown in the examples.
            Changes in syntax are sometimes shown in follow-on paragraphs. For
            example, at neck and neck, the main explanation

            In a race or contest, if two competitors are neck and neck, they are
            exactly level with each other, so that it is impossible to say who will
            win.
            shows that the idiom is used after a verb; the follow-on paragraph shows a
            syntax change:

            You can use neck and neck before a noun.
            This is reinforced by the example:
            Philippe Jeantot of France and the South African John Martin are
            involved in a neck and neck race tofinish second across the line.
            Changes in syntax sometimes involve changes in spelling or form. For
            example, the follow-on paragraph for the idiom break the ice deals with a
            related noun:
            C An ice-breaker is something that you say or do to break

            the ice.

            Collocations
            Explanations give information about collocations as well as about syntax.
            For example, the explanation for the idiom pick holes in something

            If you pick holes in something such as an argument or theory, you
            find weak points in it which disprove it or show that it is wrong.
            shows that the idiom is typically used with a human subject and that the
            •something' in the idiom headword is typically expressed by a word which
            means ‘argument' or 'theory'.

            The explanation for close to the bone
            If you say that a remark or piece of writing is close to the bone or near
            to the bone, you mean that it makes people uncomfortable, because it
            deals with things which they prefer not to be discussed.

            shows that the idiom is used about something which people say or write
            Examples also give information about collocations. The examples for neck
            and neck show that this idiom is often used in political or sports contexts:

            The latest opinion polls show both parties running neck and neck.
            Leeds are currently neck-and-neck with Manchester Unitedfor the
            Championship.
            They also show that the idiom is typically used after a verb such as ‘run'
            or ‘be', as well as showing that the competitors can be mentioned together
            xiv


                evince -p 16 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            as the subject of the verb, or one can be mentioned as the subject of the
            verb and the other after the preposition ‘with'

            Pragmatics
            The dictionary explanations for idioms show where they have some
            special pragmatic function. For example, in the explanation of hit the nail
            on the head

            If someone makes a comment and you say that they have hit the nail
            on the head, you mean that they have described a situation or
            problem exactly.
            the formula ‘If you say that... you mean that...' shows that this idiom is
            used to convey an opinion or evaluation, and that it is something speakers
            or writers use about someone else, rather than about themselves. More
            precisely in this case, the idiom is used to convey an opinion about the
            accuracy of another person's comment.

            The wording of the explanation

            If you say that something is as plain as the nose on your face, you are
            emphasizing that it is very obvious or easy to understand.
            shows that this idiom is used to emphasize the opinion that you are
            conveying. Similarly, the explanation

            If you accuse someone of feathering their nest, you are accusing them
            of taking advantage of their position in order to get a lot of money, so
            that they can lead a comfortable life.
            shows that the idiom is used to convey attitude as well as criticism or
            disapproval.
            Finally, a few of the idioms in this dictionary are speech acts: that is, a
            speaker uses them to express good wishes or thanks, an acceptance or
            refusal, and so on. For example,
            People say ‘break a leg' to a performer who is about to go on stage as a
            way of wishing them good luck.

            and in a more complicated example:

            You say ‘be my guest* to someone when you are giving them
            permission to do something, or inviting them to do something. This
            expression is sometimes used in a sarcastic way. For example, you
            might use it to invite someone to do something difficult or unpleasant

            Style, register, and usage
            The dictionary explanations give information about the likely contexts in
            which idioms are used, in particular where there are restrictions.

            One kind of restriction relates to geographical variety: that is. an idiom is
            used only or mainly by one group of English speakers. We show this by
            beginning the explanation with a formula such as ‘In British English' or
            by adding a sentence to the explanation such as This expression is used
            mainly in American English'. More information about idioms in British
            XV


                evince -p 17 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            and American English is given on page viL
            Another kind of restriction relates to genre: some idioms are used only or
            mainly in a particular kind of writing, such as journalism, novels, or
            other literary writing. We show this by adding a sentence to the
            explanation such as ‘This expression is used mainly in journalism'.
            A third kind of restriction relates to date and currency. Some idioms in
            the dictionary are described as old-fashioned. This means that they are
            generally used nowadays by older people rather than young people.
            However, they may also be found In journalism or literary writing, where
            the writer is trying to create a particular effect

            The final kind of restriction relates to levels of formality. In most cases
            this is because an idiom is only used In informal situations, or may cause
            offence as it is considered rude. These idioms should be used very
            cautiously. We show this by beginning the explanation with a formula
            such as ‘In informal English', or by adding a sentence to the explanation
            such as "This is an informal expression' or ‘Many people consider this
            expression offensive'. In a few cases, we describe an idiom as formal This
            means that it is mainly used in formal contexts, such as serious
            journalism and other kinds of formal writing. Unless an idiom is
            explicitly labelled as ‘formal' or ‘literary', learners should generally
            avoid using them in formal contexts and formal writing.

            Spellings
            Individual words in idioms may have two or more spellings: for example,
            they may be spelled differently in British and American English. We give

            this information at the end of the idiom entry. All the alternative
            spellings are listed in the index. We also give information about cases
            where variant spellings or forms result from misunderstandings of one of
            the words: for example, ‘tow' is sometimes used instead of ‘toe' in toe the
            line.

            Note that when idioms are used adjectivally in front of nouns, they are
            often spelled with hyphens.

            Cross-references
            Cross-references are occasionally given at the end of an explanation
            for idioms. Some cross references draw attention to other idioms which
            are very similar in form or which may be confused. For example,
            When children fly the nest or leave the nest, they leave their parents'
            home to live on their own. Compare fly the coop; see coop.

            We have given this cross-reference because /ly the coop seems similar in
            form tofly the nest, although it has a different meaning. Fly the coop can be
            found under the dictionary headword coop.
            We also give cross references where idioms are restricted to British (or
            American) English and have close counterparts in American (or British)
            English.

            If you say that someone has a green thumb, you mean that they are
            very good at gardening. This expression is used in American English;
            the British expression is have green fingers.
            xvi


                evince -p 18 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            In this case, it is not necessary to check the other entry as the meaning is
            the same, and so we do not give its dictionary headword.

            Frequency bands
            The dictionary shows the relative frequencies of individual idioms and
            individual meanings of idioms, as they are found in The Bank of English.
            There are three frequency bands which are indicated by black triangles
            H) at the beginning of each entry. The commonest idioms are marked out
            with three black triangles, the next commonest with two, and the next
            with one. 30% of idioms do not receive any frequency marker at all: these
            are expressions which are current in English, but occur less often than
            once in each 10 million words of corpus text.
            Approximately 750 idioms and their variations in this dictionary
            <
            have three black triangles: each occurs at least once in every 2 million
            words of the corpus. It is these idioms which should have priority for
            teachers and learners, as they are the idioms most likely to be
            encountered in English. Examples include the acid test, hot air, and up in

            arms.

            Approximately 750 idioms and their variations have two black
            triangles. These idioms are relatively common, but not as common as the
            idioms with three triangles. Examples include a blind alley, not take nofor
            an answer, and up the ante.
            4 Over 1500 idioms and their variations have one black triangle. These
            idioms occur between 1 and 3 times in every 10 million words of the
            corpus. This means that although they are regularly encountered in
            English, they need not be given such priority as the higher bands.
            Examples include a smart alec, have an ace in the hole, and upset the
            applecart.

            The COBUILD English Dictionary also gives frequency information for its
            headwords. In this case, there are five frequency bands, indicated by
            black diamonds in the Extra Column. Note that these bands do not
            correspond to those in the COBUILD Dictionary of Idioms In fact, only a
            few high frequency idioms in this dictionary are as common as the items
            in the COBUILD English Dictionary which are marked with a single black
            diamond.

            xvii


            evince -p 19 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

        custom / extras:
                by the by    used to introduce a new topic; incidentally
                    https://idioms.thefreedictionary.com/by+the+by
                    .
                https://www.merriam-webster.com/dictionary/run%20roughshod
                even steven
                Jump the shark [**]
                    The idiom "jumping the shark" is pejorative and is used to argue that a creative work or outlet appears to be making a stunt in a seemingly exhaustive attempt to generate elevated attention or publicity to something that was once perceived as popular, but is no longer.
                    .
                dose of their own medicine
                fresh as a daisy
                get it out of his system
                as sure as death and taxes
                left in the dust
                (that's money in the bank)
                wants a piece of him
                (huffing and puffing)
            it stands to reason
            take the bark off  #watergate documentary 1994
        to wit  (adverb)
            That is to say; namely;  specifically.as follows
            hare-brain scheme
            drop the hammer
            come down like a ton of bricks
        whipsawed back and forth
        a senior moment
        pay through the nose  (=betala ett excessivt/hutlöst pris)
        dole out
            https://www.merriam-webster.com/dictionary/dole%20out
        whistle-stop tour

.
                    evince -p 20 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

                A
                ace

                aces

                the ace in your hand
                If you have the ace in your hand, you have
                something which you can use to gain an ad

                hold all the aces

                vantage when you need it. This expression is

                used in British English.
                You have to convince your opponent that you
                have the ace in your hand. Especially in politics.
                Everyone bluffs in politics.
                The paper concludes that the President's
                adoption of special powers to tackle the economic
                crisis and maintain public order is a
                last throw. The Guardian says he now needs
                five aces in one hand to succeed.

                come within an ace of something
                be within an ace of something
                If you say that someone comes within an

                ace of something, you mean that they very

                nearly succeed in doing it. You can also say
                that they are within an ace of something.
                These expressions are used mainly in British
                English.
                The defendant was intent on murder and he
                came within an ace of succeeding.
                She had just watched her hero come within
                an ace of a place in the Wimbledon quarter
                finals, only to lose his grip on the game.
                4
                have an ace in the hole
                If you have an ace in the hole, you have
                something which you can use to gain an ad

                vantage when you need it. This expression is
                used in American English.
                He doesn't usually risk that much unless he
                thinks he has an ace in the hole.
                Luckily, we had one beautiful ace in the hole.
                What made our computer different and will
                continue to make it different from any of our
                competitors is that we own our own systems
                software technology. Nobody else does.

                play your ace
                If someone plays their ace, they do something
                clever and unexpected which gives them
                an advantage over other people.
                She went on to say that he was also a very
                important criminal lawyer who had defended
                men on heavy charges. And then she played
                her ace. He also had a number of clients who
                were involved in the gold business.
                With all this meddle, muddle and money
                wasted, who could be surprised if the union
                plays the aces?

                If you say that someone holds all the aces,
                you mean that they are in a very strong position
                because they have more advantages and
                more power than anyone else.
                When I was an adolescent, I thought girls
                held all the aces. When you call for a date, you
                are sitting there wide open. She can slam the
                door in your face
                They hold all the aces and are not going to
                make changes voluntarily because it wouldn't
                be in their own interests

                acid
                the acid test

                444

                If you refer to something as the acid test,
                you mean that it will show or prove how effective
                or useful something is. You can also
                say that something is an acid test.
                The acid test for the vaccine will be its performance
                in African countries where malaria is
                raging more fiercely than in Colombia.
                So far, I don't feel loo bad but I'm waiting
                for my first really stressful day when things go
                wrong. That will be the real acid test.
                The case, as a whole, is an acid test of the
                justice system.

                acquaintance
                a passing acquaintance:1
                a nodding acquaintance
                If you have a passing acquaintance or a

                nodding acquaintance with someone, you
                know them slightly.
                And of course, he can now claim after his
                first summit as head of government more
                than a nodding acquaintance with his fellow

                leaders.

                You can also say that someone is a passing
                acquaintance or a nodding acquaintance
                After a while a man came in who was evidently
                a passing acquaintance of the family
                and stopped at their table to chat.

                a passing acquaintance: 2
                a nodding acquaintance
                If you have a passing acquaintance or a
                nodding acquaintance with something, you
                know a little about it but not very much.
                We chatted for a little about poetry, with
                which he showed considerably
                nodding acquaintance.

                more than a


                    evince -p 21 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

                act

                action

                2

                act
                a balancing act

                4-4-4

                If you say that someone is performing a balancing
                act. you mean that they are trying to
                please two or more people or groups or to fol
                low two or more sets of ideals that are in opposition
                to each other.
                Mr Alia is performing a delicate balancing
                act. He talks of reform, but clings to old certainties.
                It's been a difficult balancing act for the
                Japanese government under pressure both at
                home and abroad.
                Vice-Mayor Simitian called it a classic bal
                ancing aa between individual rights and community
                rights.

                catch someone in the act

                44

                If you are caught in the act, someone sees
                you doing something secret or wrong.
                The men were caught in the act of digging up
                buried explosives.
                The local authority has set aside £500 to
                spend on security cameras, hoping the residents
                will be able to catch vandals in the act on film.

                a class act

                444

                If you say that someone, for example a
                sports player or a performer, is a class act.
                you mean that they are very good at what
                they do.
                Koeman is a class act. He's got great control
                and can hit passes ftom one side of the pitch to
                the other with amazing accuracy.
                I have been tracking Neil for a year, he is a
                class act and I've got a lot of respect for his
                ability.
                Hiatt's songs have been recorded by class acts
                like Bob Dylan, Bosanne Cash, The Everly
                Brothers and Willie Nelson.

                clean up your act
                444
                If a person or organization cleans up their
                act, they stop behaving badly or irresponsibly.
                and begin to act in a more socially acceptable
                way.
                The Minister warned the press two years ago
                that privacy laws would be implemented unless
                newspapers cleaned up their act.
                There is enormous corruption in the game,
                but the game does not want to clean up its act.
                In the last couple of years I've cleaned up my
                act a bit. I just drink wine and beer mostly,
                hardly any spirits.
                get in on the act

                be in on the act
                444
                If you get in on the act, you start doing
                something which was first done by someone
                else, usually so that you can have the same
                success as them, or get some advantage for
                yourself You can also say that you are
                in on
                the act,
                or use other verbs instead of ‘get'.

                Its reputation has reached the United States
                and American investors have been trying to get
                in on the act.
                It is rather like the Greens in Britain in the
                eighties: everyone wants to get in on the act
                It's not enough to read the books. I want to
                be in on the act.
                Even the lifeguards have been brought in on
                the act, policing the beach for reckless sunbathers.

                get your act together
                444
                If you say that someone needs to get their
                act together, you mean that they need to
                take control of themselves and to organize
                their affairs more effectively so that they can
                deal successfully with things and can avoid
                failure.
                Basically they're a bunch of bums and they
                ought to get their act together.
                We're going to be 22 points down by Monday.
                and we've got to get our act together
                The State Opposition is beginning to get its
                act together after a long period of muddling
                through.

                a hard act to follow
                444
                If you say that someone is a hard act to
                follow, you mean that they are so impressive
                or so effective that it will be difficult for anyone
                else to be as good or as successful. Adjectives
                    such as ‘tough' and 'difficult' can be
                used instead of ‘hard*.
                'Martina is an honest and forthright person. '
                she says. ‘She's outspoken about her views and.
                obviously, she's very good at tennis. Even when
                she retires. I'll think she's number one.'
                Navratilova, it seems, will be a very hard act
                to follow.
                He had a hard act to follow. His predecessor
                was a brilliant intellectual who also drew, as
                Chancellor, on long practical experience as an
                observer of the economic scene.
                There's no doubt Ford's vision and hard
                work has played a major role in the museum 's
                success. He'll be a tough act to follow.

                action
                a piece of the action
                a slice of the action

                444

                If someone wants a piece of the action or a
                slice of the action, they want to get involved
                in an activity which seems exciting and likely
                to be very successful or profitable. 'A slice of
                the action' is used mainly in British English.
                Essentially, the information industry wants a
                piece of the action, the right to distribute parts
                of the Library's collection itself.
                Within five years, every car manufacturer
                was at it. The hatchback explosion had begun
                and everyone wanted a piece of the action.
                Because the US airline industry is in such a


                    evince -p 22 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

                actions
                poor way. it is falling over itself to get a slice
                of the action elsewhere.

                actions
                actions speak louder than words

                air

                3

                •4

                you say that actions speak louder than
                words, you mean that people show what they
                really think and feel by what they do, rather
                than by what they say. People sometimes use
                this expression when they want to criticize
                someone who says one thing but does something
                else.
                Tom, who's a shy chap at heart, firmly believes
                that actions speak louder than words
                and has, therefore, been demonstrating his love
                and passion for Jean in the only way he knows
                how: through taking her dog to the vet,
                through lovingly washing her car each week,
                through decorating each room in her house.
                He said the terrorists' actions speak louder
                than their words. Their terrorist acts continue
                unabated.
                [f

                Adam
                nut know someone from Adam
                If you say that you don't know someone
                from Adam, you mean that you do not know
                them at all, and would not recognize them if
                you saw them.
                We'll have one contact, who is simply a voice
                on the phone to us. I don't know him from
                Adam.
                I knew nobody I look with me two names
                and telephone numbers. One was an AngloArgentine couple: friends qf a friend, who
                didn't know me from Adam.

                ado
                much ado about nothing
                If you say that people are making much ado
                about nothing, you mean that they are mak
                ing a lot of fuss about something which is not
                as important or significant as they think it is.
                This expression is used mainly in journalism.
                French newspapers described the international
                row as ‘Much Ado About Nothing' and 'a
                banal fishing incident'.
                After one year, I dropped out of the course because
                it was much ado about nothing really. It
                was all about style, not about content.
                This expression is often varied.
                Ijately there's been much ado about the ducks
                belonging to my poultry-farming neighbour.
                Much Ado About Nothing is the title of a
                play by Shakespeare.

                agenda

                a hidden agenda
                444
                If you say that someone has a hidden agenda,
                you suspect that they are secretly trying

                to achieve a particular thing while they ap
                pear to be doing something else.
                The unions fear these tactics are part of a
                hidden agenda to reduce pay and conditions
                throughout the company.
                The hidden agenda of the Government's prison
                privatisation policy seems to have been exposedt
                was typical of his forthright determination
                that while others debated wide issues and hid
                den agendas he saw a wrong and sought to
                right it.

                air
                be left hanging in the air
                hang in the air
                If you say that a question or remark is left
                hanging in the air, you mean that people
                avoid discussing it because they do not want
                to deal with it or the issues involved.
                Asked how many arrest orders she had received
                so far from her colleague in Spain she
                walked away and left the question hanging in
                the air.
                The presenter made intelligent points but never
                challenged anybody, so we were left with a
                lot qf questions hanging In the air.
                He looked at neither of them but left his remark
                hanging in the air.
                You can also say that a question or remark
                hangs In the air. This is a fairly literary expression.

                'We are losing our sense of the eternal. I
                think it's a loss that has done a great deal of
                damage to modern art.' His words hung enigmatically
                in the air.

                clear the air
                If you do something to clear the air, you
                deal openly with misunderstandings, problems,
                or jealousy, and try to get rid of them.
                I get angry and frustrated with Hannah's
                spirited temperament, but I'm a great believer
                in expressing my feelings to clear the air
                Some groups in our community seem to suffer
                from discrimination An independent enquiry
                could clear the air and sort out the problem.
                You can also say that the air clears, or
                talk about air-clearing
                After that the air cleared and we were fine. I
                really enjoyed working with him
                An extended air<learing between George and
                Martha reveals the sham and drudgery of their
                lives.
                Journalists sometimes talk about clearthe-air meetings or clear-the-air talks.
                He is determined to have a clear-the-air meet
                ing with Murray this weekend and snapped
                yesterday: ‘I have to get to the bottom of this
                mess.'


                    evince -p 23 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

                air
                hot air

                444

                If you describe what someone says or writes
                as hot air, you are criticizing it for being full
                of false claims and promises.
                In a sense, all the rhetoric about heightened
                co-operation can be seen as just so much hot
                air. There are still endless disputes.
                Parliament is often full of hot air, mock in
                suits and fake hostility.
                Now that the value of art, along with everything
                else, has tumbled, we are better placed to
                ignore the hot air and eixiluate works for what

                they are.
                in the air

                -444

                If something such as a change, idea, or feeling
                is in the air, people are aware of it or
                think it is going to happen even though it is
                not talked about directly.
                I might never have said "Yes', if it hadn't
                been for the sense that political change was in
                the air, and that the arts community should
                have its ideas prepared
                Great excitement was in the air that week in
                London and, as the newspapers reported, in
                Paris, Berlin and St Petersburg as well.
                As the band plays, and with romance in the
                air, Mr Li recalls how he came to Panzhihua.

                into thin air
                44
                If someone or something vanishes into thin
                air, they disappear completely and nobody
                knows where they have gone. Compare out of
                thin air.
                Her husband snatched their two children and
                disappeared into thin air for years.
                Needless worry can vanish into thin air once
                you accept the things you cannot change.

                out of thin air
                from thin air

                aisles

                4

                44

                If something appears out of thin air, it ap
                pears suddenly and unexpectedly. You can
                also say that it appears from thin air. Compare
                into thin air.
                A crisis had materialised out of thin air.
                Auster spins stories out of thin air.
                Thirteen years ago, with her children almost
                grown up. she found herself having to conjure
                a career from thin air.

                pull something out of the air
                pluck something from the air
                4
                If you say that a suggestion or an amount is
                pulled out of the air or Is plucked from the
                air, you mean that you cannot take it seriously
                because it has no basis or justification and
                has only been said casually. Other verbs are
                sometimes used instead of ‘pull' or 'pluck'.
                She pulled a figure out of the air. an amount
                she thought would cover several months' rent
                on an office.
                The figure of 30 per cent is not plucked out of

                the air; it is based on the fact that from 1975 to
                1990 the earnings of university professors and
                lecturers dropped by over 25 per cent.
                This expression is often varied. For example,
                you can talk about ‘thin air' instead of

                ‘air'.
                I don't like pulling decisions out of thin air
                and getting them wrong.

                up in the air

                '4-4-4

                If an important decision or plan is up in
                the air, it has not been decided or settled yet
                At the moment, the fate of the Hungarian people
                is still up in the air.
                This project is very much up in the air.
                In terms of a steady line-up and future plans,
                things are pretty much up in the air for the
                band.

                walk on air
                float on air

                4

                If you say that you are walking on air or
                are floating on air, you mean that you feel
                very happy or excited because of something
                nice that has happened to you.
                As soon as I know I'm in the team it's like
                walking on air.
                I can't believe that I've won. I'm floating on
                air.

                airs
                airs and graces
                put on airs and graces
                4
                In British English, if you say that someone
                has airs and graces, you disapprove of them
                for behaving in a way which shows that they
                think they are more important than other
                people. You can also say that someone puts
                on airs and graces.
                / have never liked him and his daughter is so
                full of airs and graces.
                Ian is such a nice bloke. He has no airs and
                graces.
                In Liverpool I can still be myself, l don't have
                to put on any airs and graces here.

                put on airs

                4

                If you say that someone puts on airs, you
                disapprove of them for behaving in a way
                which shows that they think they are more
                important than other people.
                The occasional Englishman tries to pul on
                airs but we let it pass. It's just comic when
                they try to pretend they're still the master race.
                He put on no airs, but his charisma was

                enormous.

                aisles
                roll in the aisles
                If you say that people in an audience or
                group are rolling in the aisles, you mean
                that they are laughing so much at something


                    evince -p 24 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

                alec
                that they find it hard to stop. Verbs such as
                are sometimes used
                instead of 'roll'.
                It's all good knockabout stuff that has them
                rolling in the aisles.
                On the evidence so far. it's unlikely that the
                story-lines will have us reeling in the aisles.
                'rock', 'reel', and 'laugh'

                alec
                a smart alec
                a smart aleck

                eat someone alive: 3
                If you are eaten alive by insects, you are
                repeatedly bitten by them.
                We've been sleeping on the floor; we have no
                water. It's been easily 100. 125 degrees. We've
                been eaten alive by bugs.
                ‘Can we go out?' 'Outside? The mosquitoes
                will eat us alive. '

                skin someone alive:1
                4

                If you describe someone as a smart alec or
                a smart aleck, you dislike the fact that they
                think they are very clever and they always
                have an answer for everything.
                They've got some smart alec of a lawyer from
                London to oppose bail, and by God they're not
                going to get away with it
                You 'll end up no more than a smart alec and
                you're well down that road already.
                You can use smart alec and smart aleck
                before a noun.
                / hate smart-aleck kids who talk like dictionaries.
                The form 'aleck' is the usual spelling In
                American English. People sometimes spell
                'alec' and ‘aleck' with capital initials, as

                names

                alive
                4-44
                alive and kicking
                If someone or something is alive and kicking,
                they are still active or still exist, even

                though you thought they had stopped or disappeared
                a long time ago.
                When David Puttnam left Hollywood in 1986,

                some saw it as the end of his career. But as

                Patrick found when he visited the set of 'War
                of the Buttons'. Puttnam is alive and kicking
                and doing what he loves best - film making.
                Romance is still alive and kicking for a couple
                who will be celebrating their 5Oth wedding
                anniversary this week.
                eat someone alive: 1
                If you say that someone or something will
                eat you alive, you mean that they seem to be
                a great threat to you, and may destroy you.
                If a president does not combine the short-run
                and long-run objectives, he's going to be eaten
                alive by Wall Street.
                He was certain Sid would be eaten alive by
                the hardened criminals at the jail.

                eat someone alive: 2

                alley

                5

                If something such as an illness or a problem
                is eating you alive, it is causing you great
                pain or distress.
                The pain ate him alive; the world was nothing
                but fire and pain.
                I know and she knows that the nursing home
                is the only solution. But it is eating me alive.

                If you say that someone is able to skin you
                alive, you mean that they are much stronger
                or more powerful than you and may exploit
                you or ruin you
                They are fiercely competitive. If they can skin
                us alive in business, they will.
                Anyone who reads your finance pages will see
                that shareholders in some major banks have
                been skinned alive.

                skin someone alive: 2
                If someone threatens to skin you alive, they

                are threatening to punish you severely.
                Who let the bloody dog out? You catch that
                animal, Ernie, or you'll get skinned alive.

                all
                that's all she wrote
                You can say ‘that's all she wrote' when
                there is no more to say or when something is
                finished. This expression is used in American
                English.
                That was all she wrote. He got hurt, and he
                didn 't play much anymore.
                If I read about any of this, it's all she wrote
                for you here. I don't have to tell you that.

                alley
                a blind alley

                44

                If you refer to a way of working or thinking
                as a blind alley, you mean that it is useless
                or is not leading to anything worthwhile
                Sooner or later they will have to realize that
                this is a blind alley and that they need to re
                think their own strategies.
                Did she regard teaching as a blind alley?
                right up your alley
                4
                If you say that something is right up your
                alley, you mean that it is the kind of thing
                you like or know about. Right up your street
                means the same.
                This should be right up my alley but, despite
                the film's undoubted virtues, it has an air cf
                ‘Look at me, aren't I good' that grated
                I thought this little problem would be right
                up your alley.
                You can also say that something is right
                down your alley.
                I'll need whatever information you can turn
                up within the week. I have other people looking


                    evince -p 25 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

                all-singing
                into this from other angles. But this case seems
                right down your alley.

                all-singing
                4
                all-singing, all-dancing
                If you describe something new as allsinging,
                all-dancing, you mean that it is
                very modern and advanced, with a lot of additional
                facilities. This expression is used more
                commonly in British English than American.
                His rival, the Savoy, has beaten him to the
                development of an all singing, all-dancing com
                puter system which is the latest in hotel mar
                keting.
                As long as you don't expea the latest allsinging.
                all-dancing Japanese marvel, the cam
                era represents an excellent buy and one that l

                can recommend.

                altar
                sacrificed on the altar of something

                Leeds United quickly became the fallen angels

                of the Premier League.

                angels
                4
                on the side of the angels
                If you say that someone is on the side of
                the angels, you mean that they are doing
                what you think is morally right
                In addition to being for gun control, the
                President's on the side of the angels when it
                comes to racial tolerance, the environment and
                Indian rights.
                The idea perpetrated by Western leaders that
                we are on the side of the angels seems to me a
                dangerous fantasy.

                answer
                44
                not take no for an answer
                If someone won't take no for an answer,

                -4

                You say that someone or something is being
                sacrificed on the altar of a particular ideol
                ogy or activity when they suffer unfairly and
                are harmed because of it.
                The European Community remains adamant
                that the interests of its twelve million farmers
                can't be sacrificed on the altar of free trade.
                Let us hope and strive to ensure that Palo
                Alto's quality education will not be sacrificed
                on the altar of ill-conceived social experimenta
                lion.
                Two leading public servants had been sacrificed
                on the altar of ministerial incompetence.
                You can also say that someone or something
                is a sacrifice on the altar of a particular
                thing.
                The men were, in a word, expendable sacri
                fices on the altar qf the Cold War.

                American
                American as apple pie
                If you say that something or someone is as
                American as apple pie. you mean that they
                are typical of American culture or an American
                way of life.
                Zurmo's family has been in the gun business
                for 60 years. To him, guns are as American as
                apple pie.

                British Petroleum always abbreviates its

                name to BP and passes itself off as no less
                American than Mobil, Exxon and apple pie
                angel

                a fallen angel

                ante

                6

                <4

                If you refer to someone as a fallen angel.
                you mean that although they were once virtu
                ous or successful, they are now wicked or unsuccessful.
                Without an away League win all season.

                they go on trying to make you agree to something,
                even though you have already refused
                Five reporters who wouldn't take no for an

                answer entered US. quarters without authori
                ration.
                Gerry, whose persistence has been known to
                wear down the resistance of many executives,
                refused to take no for an answer.
                She told me that she had, of course, refused,
                but that he wouldn't seem to take no for an answer.
                He kept pressing her.

                ante
                up the ante: 1
                4-4
                raise the ante
                In a dispute or contest, if you up the ante
                or raise the ante, you increase the demands
                that you are making or the risks that you are
                taking, which means that your eventual losses
                or gains will be greater
                He relished NATO's political give and take.
                and fought over every word, sometimes upping
                the ante so as to get a better compromise
                These judges have raised the ante by challenging
                the authority cf Chief Justice
                Rehnquist, whose position makes him the top
                judicial spokesman on changes in federal court
                procedures.
                Whenever they reached their goal, they upped
                the ante, setting increasingly complex challenges
                for themselves.

                up the ante: 2
                raise the ante
                If you are gambling or

                investing money in

                something and you up the ante or raise the
                ante, you increase the value of the stake or
                investment you are offering.
                Its network television division upped the ante
                by paying an estimated S2 million a year for
                an overall deal.


                    evince -p 26 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

                ape
                My defeat came when I was unable to persuade
                my backer to raise the ante.

                ape
                go ape
                go ape crazy
                4
                go apeshit
                If someone goes ape or goes ape crazy,
                they start to behave in an uncontrolled or irrational
                way, for example because they are
                very excited or very angry about something.
                These are informal expressions.
                The crowd went ape.
                Is he never tempted to break away, to go ape
                for a period?
                You don't get the chance to go ape crazy.
                You can also say that someone goes
                apeshit. This is a very informal expression,
                which many people find offensive.
                If we mentioned heroin she would literally go
                apeshit.

                appetite
                whet someone's appetite

                apron

                7

                444

                If something whets your appetite for a par
                ticular thing, it increases your desire for that
                thing or other similar things. You can also
                say that something whets the appetite.
                Winning the World Championship should
                have whetted his appetite for more success.
                Her appetite already whetted by the book, she
                took a trip to England.
                The series is entertaining, and it certainly
                whets the appetite.
                Some people use the verb 'wet' instead of
                ‘whet' in this expression, but it is generally

                considered incorrect.

                apple
                4
                the apple of your eye
                If you say that someone is the apple of
                your eye, you mean that you are very fond of
                them.
                I was the apple of my father's eye.
                Penny's only son was the apple of her eye.
                a bad apple
                a rotten apple
                a bad apple spoils the barrel
                44
                If you refer to someone as a bad apple or
                as a rotten apple, you mean that they are
                very dishonest, immoral, or unpleasant, and
                that they have a bad influence on the people
                around them.
                It's an opportunity for them to make clear
                that they are not going to tolerate a bad apple
                in the United States Senate.
                In any profession, there's always the rotten
                apple, isn't there.
                People talk about a bad apple spoiling the

                barrel or a rotten apple spoiling the barrel
                when they are talking particularly about the
                bad influence which the person has. This expression
                is very variable.
                Let's be positive, not negative. One bad apple
                doesn't spoil the barrel
                He says there are some rotten apples in our
                security barrel.

                applecart
                upset the applecart
                overturn the applecart
                4
                If someone or something upsets the applecart
                or overturns the applecart, they do
                something which causes trouble or which
                spoils a satisfactory situation.
                / would not tolerate someone upsetting the
                applecart and, if necessary, they would have to
                be removed from the decision-making process
                Their acquisition of nuclear arms could upset
                the whole Asian applecart.
                She still has the power to overturn the applecart
                by the sheer force of her personality and
                vocabulary.

                apple-pie
                in apple-pie order
                If someone says that everything is in
                apple-pie order, they mean that everything

                in a place is very neat, tidy, and wellorganized. This is a fairly old fashioned expression.

                Apart from the scaffolding and plastic sheetfound
                everything
                in apple-pie order
                On the upper deck everything was very much
                in apple pie order.
                ing that still remained, they

                apples
                apples and oranges

                4

                If you say that two things are apples and
                oranges or that comparing them is like comparing
                apples with oranges, you are pointing
                out that these things are completely differ
                ent in every respect. These expressions are
                used mainly in American English.
                I think you're talking apples and oranges,
                and I don't think you can really look at it as
                an equity issue.
                To compare one with the other is to make the
                mistake we were all warned about in third
                grade, not to compare apples with oranges.

                apron
                apron strings:1
                If you say that one person is tied to
                another's apron strings, you are criticizing
                the first person for remaining dependent at an
                age when they should be independent. If


                    evince -p 27 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

                area
                strings, they become
                independent thorn the other person.
                When we think about times we have felt close
                to our mothers, hasn't some of that enhanced
                our growth rather than tying us tighter to
                their apron strings?
                There is no doubting that he and his mother
                will remain as close as ever, even if the apron
                strings have lengthened.
                At 21. I was still living the life I'd been living
                when I was IS. I just had to get away from
                that, to cut those apron strings.

                someone cuts the apron

                apron strings: 2
                If you say that a country or institution is
                tied to another's apron strings, you mean
                that the first country or institution is controlled
                by the second when you think it
                should be independent. If they cut the apron
                strings, they become independent from the
                other country or institution.
                Today few big pension funds remain tied by
                company apron-strings.
                The Prime Minister has the rough outline of
                a blueprint for Australia as an independent
                nation, free of British apron-strings.

                area
                a grey area

                You can say that something went out with
                the ark when you want to say that it is completely
                outdated.
                You know tyres are made from oil, they're not
                made from rubber any more; that went out
                with the ark.

                arm
                at arm's length: 1

                444

                If you keep someone at arm's length, you
                avoid being friendly with them or getting
                emotionally involved with them.
                Brian felt more guilt than grief. He'd tried to
                get close, but his father had kept him at arm's
                length.

                After years of keeping foreign companies at
                arm's length, France is pulling them into its
                embrace.
                This time he was not entertaining us or holding
                us at arm's length, but unreservedly disclosing
                himse(f.

                at arm's length: 2
                You can say that one person or organization
                is at arm's length from another when they
                are not closely connected, for example be
                cause it would be improper for them to influ444

                If you refer to something as a grey area,
                you mean that it is unclear, or that it does
                not fall into a specific category of things, so
                that nobody knows how to dead with it properly.
                The court action to decide ownership of Moon
                Shadow has highlighted the many grey areas
                in the law effecting stolen animals.
                Tabloid papers in England have reached a
                stage where sportsmen must either be painted
                as heroes or villains. There is no grey area in
                between.
                There is always going to be a gray area. No
                commander who has ever fought a battle was
                completely sure of victory on the eve of that

                battle.

                'Grey' is usually spelled ‘gray' in American
                English.

                ark
                out of the ark
                go out with the ark
                If you say that something is out of the ark,
                you are complaining in a light hearted way
                that it is very old-fashioned and outdated.
                This expression is used in British English.
                Its steering was simply dreadful and its
                cramped-up shortarm driving position was
                straight out of the ark
                Your radio series must have come out of the
                ark, where did you find all those
                awful old
                jokes?

                arm

                8

                ence one another.
                The prison service is moving towards becoming
                a self-regulating agency at arm's length
                from government.

                Relations between the bank and the committee
                will be at arm's length until the report is delivered
                in July.

                chance your arm
                If you chance your arm, you do something
                risky or daring in order to get something you
                want. This expression is used in British Eng
                lish.
                Sport is about going out and giving it your
                best shot, chancing your arm for glory. What is
                there to be frightened about?
                Instead of going on the dole I chanced my

                arm on a business.

                cost an arm and a leg

                •4

                If you say that something costs an arm and
                a leg, you are emphasizing that it costs a lot
                of money. Verbs such as 'pay', 'spend', and
                'charge' are sometimes used instead of 'cost'.
                It cost us an arm and a leg to get here. But it
                has been worth every penny and more.
                Generally, their experience of restaurants confirmed
                all the worst tourist horror stories: indifferent
                pub lunches of chicken and chips or
                equally unappetising pasta restaurants charging
                an arm and a leg.
                give your right arm
                If you say that you would give your right
                arm for something or to do something, you


                    evince -p 28 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

                arms
                are emphasizing that you want it a lot, and
                you would do almost anything to get it
                I have had an extraordinarily lucky career,
                playing a good many of the parts that any
                self respecting actress would like to play. There
                are not many parts I would give my right arm

                for

                I can do nothing but think about my ex
                husband. / would give my right arm to be able
                to start again
                put the arm on someone
                If you put the arm on someone, you try to
                force them to do what you want. This expres
                sion is used in American English.
                You got Cotter to put the arm on Lillian. You
                guys cut a deal so that Lillian gives up something.

                Women like you are not only writing checks,
                but you're putting the arm on other people to
                give as well.
                4
                twist someone's arm
                If you say that someone is twisting your
                arm to make you do something, you mean

                that they are trying hard to persuade you to
                do it.
                / had to twist their arm to get them to start
                working with me, but once they did, it went
                well from there.
                I didn't twist your arm to make you come.
                You wanted to because you sensed a story.
                You can also talk about arm-twisting.
                He borrowed 70 per cent of the dividend
                money from his banks, after some arm
                twisting

                arms
                up in arms
                444
                If someone is up in arms about something,
                they are very angry about it and are protest
                ing strongly.

                More than one million shopkeepers are up in
                arms against the new minimum tax. They are
                threatening a day's closure in protest.
                This is a very delicate situation. Frank feels
                he has been publicly humiliated, and his spon
                sors are up in arms.
                Politicians from both sides of the House were
                up in arms at her strongest ever criticism of
                EU attempts to unite Europe.
                with open arms: 1
                44
                If you greet or welcome someone with open
                arms, you show that you are very pleased to
                see them or meet them.
                We got out of the trucks to greet them with
                open arms. We had gifts ready, we were high
                on the idea qf the meeting
                People in Sidon welcomed them with open
                arms and rice and flowers.
                They were very, very affectionate. There were
                open arms, lots of smiles, big kisses. It was

                arse

                9

                definitely the kind

                someone special.

                of

                greeting you save

                for

                with open arms: 2
                44
                If you welcome an event or new develop

                ment with open arms, you are very pleased
                that it has happened.
                Watchdog organizations welcomed today's
                guidelines with open arms, some admitting
                that they had exceeded expectations consider
                ably.
                The store ranks as Palo Alto's fourth largest
                sales tax generator. Certainly many comma
                nities would welcome it with open arms.
                The Council did the right thing in getting
                him to carry out the study. They have accepted
                it with open arms and will, they say, progress

                with it

                arrow
                a straight arrow
                4
                If you describe someone as a straight arrow,
                you mean that they are very convention
                al, honest, and moral. This expression is used
                mainly in American English.
                I was very much a product of my environment
                l was very traditional, a real straight arrow
                in lots of ways.
                Several friends describe Mr Menendez as 'a

                straight arrow' who rarely drank and was
                close to his family.
                You can use straight arrow before a noun
                It was impossible to imagine such a wellscrubbed. straight arrow group of young people
                except perhaps the
                rioting over anything
                number of chocolate chips in the dining hall

                -

                cookies.

                arse
                lick someone's arse

                4

                If you say that one person licks another's
                arse, you are critical of the first person because
                they will do anything at all to please
                the second person, often because the second
                person is powerful or influential and the first
                person wants something from them. This is a
                very informal expression, which is used in
                British English Many people find it offensive.
                / don't feel bad about slagging U2 off since
                everybody else is licking Bono's arse.
                D You can call someone who does this an
                arselicker. You can refer to the activity of
                doing this as arselicking.
                Everett, you're not the arselicker everybody
                thinks you are.
                Meanwhile, we were down on our hands and
                knees arselicking all day, because if you upset
                somebody you had nowhere else to go.


                    evince -p 29 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

                art
                art
                4
                have something down to a fine art
                If you have got an activity down to a fine
                art, you know the best way of doing it be( auM
                you have practised it a lot and have
                tried many different methods.
                They've got fruit retailing down to a fine art.
                You can be sure that your pears will ripen in a

                day

                Shopping for food is the biggest problem,
                though she has it down to a fine art. 7 go to
                the cheapest shops and buy only frozen or
                canned goods. I cannot remember the last time
                l bought the kids fresh fruit or vegetables. '

                ask
                a big ask
                If you say that something which you have
                been asked to do is a big ask, you mean that
                you cannot be expected to do it easily or will
                ingly, because it is very difficult or involves
                making a sacrifice. This expression is used
                mainly In Australian English.
                It's a pretty big ask to run faster in the second
                half of the race.
                It was a big ask for six slate premiers to sur
                render many of their rights and responsibilities
                to help the central government.

                ass
                chew your ass
                If someone chews your ass,

                they tell you
                angrily that your behaviour has upset or an
                noyed them. This is a very informal expres
                sion, which is used in American EnglishMany people find it offensive.
                Well, come on in then, don't stand there in
                the hall while the old man chews my ass.

                awakening
                a rude awakening

                44

                If you have had a rude awakening, you
                have been forced to realize the unpleasant
                truth about something.
                Such details as have emerged about the new economic
                package suggest that Russian citizens are
                indeed in for a rude awakening. Whatever other
                problems they faced in the past, they have become
                used to certain essential goods being heavily subsidised.
                Now all this will change.
                Johnson told reporters at the time that some
                of these inventions were so valuable, he was
                confident he could make a Quick prefit. But, instead
                of quick profits. Johnson got a rude
                awakening.

                axe
                an axe hanging over something

                axe

                10

                4

                If you say that there Is an axe hanging
                over something, you mean that it is likely to

                be destroyed soon. If you say that there is an
                hanging over someone, you mean that
                they are likely to lose their job soon.
                The axe was hanging over 600 jobs at oil gi
                ant BP last night.
                I wouldn't say there's an axe hanging over
                him but he's only got another season to put
                everything right
                'Axe' is spelled 'ax' in American English.

                axe

                get the axe:1
                be given the axe
                If someone gets the axe or is given the
                axe, they lose their job.
                During the 1981 recession, most layoffs hurt
                factory or construction workers. But this time,
                business managers, executives and technical
                staff are getting the axe.
                It's being reported in Chicago that Bears'
                coach Mike Diika will get the axe today

                get the axe: 2
                be given the axe
                If something such as a project or part of a
                business gets the axe or is given the axe, it
                is cancelled or ended suddenly.
                There will be cuts of f!70 billion in defense, and
                almost SI20 billion in domesticspending. Any idea
                what specificprograms willgel theax?
                A few days previously, the Westoe Colliery, the
                last pit in the region, was given the axe.
                D ‘Axe' is spelled 'ax' in American English.

        have an axe to grind | 'ha en agenda'
                If you say that someone has an axe to grind, you mean that they have particular attitudes and prejudices about something, often because they think they have been treated badly or because they want to get a personal advantage
                Lord Gifford believed cases should be referred
                by an independent agency which, as he put it,
                doesn't have an axe to grind. ‘It saddens me,'
                he said, 'that courts are being brought into
                such a political conflict. '
                He didn't have a critical ax to grind He was
                very open-minded about other people's work.
                There has to be some forum where ministers
                can speak their mind frankly and honestly
                without fear of being reported in the diary of
                some political rival with an axe to grind.
                Sometimes people claim that they have no
                axe to grind when they are denying that
                their strong opinions about something sue
                based on personal reasons.
                The unions insist they have no axe to grind
                because they will represent operators wherever
                they work.
                'Axe' is spelled 'ax' in American English.


                    evince -p 30 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

                back

                u

                babe

                B
                not going to throw the baby out with the bath

                babe
                a babe in arms
                You can describe someone as a babe in
                arms to emphasize that they are very young.

                This expression is used more commonly in
                British English than American.
                Cycling hero Chris Boardman was on a bike
                almost before he could walk. His mother Carol
                said last night: ‘All the family have always cycled
                and Chris has been going to races since he
                was a babe in arms. '
                Battered children who have never known anything
                other than violence begin their life sentence
                as a babe in arms.

                babes
                babes in the wood
                You refer to people as babes in the wood
                or babes in the woods when they are naive,
                innocent, and inexperienced, and they are involved
                in a complex situation where they are
                likely to be exploited or have problems.
                They come from a country that is monolingual
                and monocultural and has been for thou
                sands of years. They're like babes in the woods
                when it comes to trying to deal with this
                multi-ethnic society that we all just take for
                granted.

                By this time l wasn't such a babe in the
                one thing I insisted on was that
                they commit themselves contractually to a tenweek promotional tour.
                woods, and

                baby
                leave someone holding the baby

                4

                If you are left holding the baby, you are
                made responsible for a problem that nobody
                else wants to deal with This expression is
                used in British English. Iÿave someone holding
                the bag means the same.
                If anything goes wrong on this, Agnes, it's
                you and I who'll be left holding the baby, not
                our clever friend.
                More often than he liked, Taylor was left
                holding the baby

                throw the baby out with the bath
                4
                water
                If you warn someone not to throw the baby
                out with the bath water, you are warning
                them not to reject something completely just
                because parts of it are bad, as you think that
                other parts of it are good.
                Even if we don't necessarily like that, we're

                water.
                By excluding the only member of the squad
                with any real experience of Olympic tensions
                and strains, the selection committee have
                thrown the baby out with the bath water

                back
                be glad to see the back of someone 44
                If you say that you are glad to see the
                back of someone or something, you mean
                that you are glad that they have gone because
                you do not like them. Adjectives such as
                ‘pleased' or 'happy' are sometimes used instead
                of 'glad'. This expression is used more
                commonly in British English than American.
                Nick said last night that Court was a ‘vile

                man '. He added: "We are glad to see the back of
                him.'
                Most Tory backbenchers will be as pleased to
                see the back of him as will the people whose
                jobs and businesses his policies have destroyed.
                You can also say that you want to see the
                back of someone when you want them to go
                away.
                Two out of three voters want to see the back
                qf the Chancellor and the President of the
                Board qf Trade.
                44
                behind your back
                If someone says something about you be
                hind your back, they say unkind and unpleasant
                things about you to other people. If
                someone does something behind your back,
                they do it secretly in order to harm you. Compare
                go behind someone's back
                / knew behind his back his friends were say
                tng, ‘How can he possibly put up with that aw
                ful woman?'

                So we put up with him when he tried to convert
                us to his right-wing beliefs. And, I'm
                ashamed to say. we laughed at him behind his

                back.
                He had discovered that it was safer to have
                the Press on his side than to have correspondents
                sneaking around behind his back asking
                embarrassing questions.

                break the back of something:1

                4

                If you break the back of a task, you deal
                with the most difficult parts of it or the main
                part of it.
                The new government hopes to have broken
                the back o/ the economic crisis by the middle qf
                this year. If it fails in this task, then the political
                consequences could be disastrous.


                    evince -p 31 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

                back
                break the back of something: 2

                To break the back of something means to
                do something which will weaken it and lead
                to its eventual destruction.
                Arms cuts should not be implemented too
                quickly or they'll break the back qf his
                country's armed forces.
                The government made a big effort late last
                year to break the back qf the black market.

                break your back
                If you say that you are breaking your back
                to do something, you are emphasizing that
                you are working extremely hard to try to do
                it.
                When you're breaking your hack to make an
                enterprise work, it's going to cut into your time
                with family.
                He will try his best to rescue the treaty when
                Britain takes over the EU presidency next
                month, but he will not break his back

                get off someone's back
                -4
                If you tell someone to get off your back,
                you are telling them angrily to stop criticizing
                you and leave you alone. This is an informal
                expression. Compare on someone's back.
                He kept on at me to such an extent that occasionally
                I wished he would get qff my back.
                For once in their money grabbing little lives.
                why don't they get off our backs?
                If you get someone off your back, you
                make them stop criticizing you.
                I vowed then that 1 would get them off my
                back and out of my life if it was the last thing
                I did.

                get someone's back up
                put someone's back up
                -4
                If you say that someone or something gets
                your back up, you mean that they annoy you.
                In British English, you can also say that
                someone or something puts your back up.
                What does get my back up is a girlfriend who
                gets too jealous if someone else finds me attractive.

                I thought before l spoke again. The wrong
                question was going to gel her back up.
                The appointment took the whole qffice by surprise
                and at first seemed to put people's backs
                up.

                get your own back
                -4-4-4
                If someone gets their own back on you,
                they take revenge on you because of something
                that you have done to them. This expression
                is used in British English.
                All you 're interested in is in getting your own
                back on Terence.
                A disgruntled worker got his own back after
                rowing with his boss by locking the whole firm
                out qf the computer system.

                back

                12

                I was bullied at school and l want to get my
                own back.
                go behind someone's back
                If you say that someone goes behind your
                back, you mean that they do something secretly
                or without getting your permission, often
                in order to deliberately upset you. Compare
                behind your back.
                Leonard, you haven't been completely open
                with me. You think / wouldn't know when you
                go behind my back?
                They go behind our backs, they withhold in
                formation, they talk down to us like idiots.
                -4-4-4
                have your back to the wall
                If you say that someone has their back to
                the wall or has their back against the wall.
                you mean that they have very serious prob
                lems or are in a very difficult situation.

                which will be hard to deal with.
                Battered by the economic situation and unable
                to provide any long-term answer to the terrorism,
                the fledgling Labour government had
                its back to the wall.
                But why is it that when you have your back
                to the wall, you only seem capable of hearing
                advice when it's couched in aggressive terms?
                I think there will be demonstrations. I think
                that the regime really has its back against the
                wall and that we are seeing the beginnings of
                a revolution.
                You can also say when your back is to
                the wall or with your back to the wall.
                Although traditionally held to be less blood
                thirsty than men, when their backs are against
                the wall women fight as hard as anyone.
                With my back against the walk / agreed to a
                hard bargain.
                off the back of a lorry
                -4
                If someone says that something has fallen
                off the back of a lorry, or that they got
                something off the back of a lorry, they
                mean that they have bought something that
                was stolen. This expression is used in British
                English.
                We bought some really excellent wine from a
                woman who clearly caught the bottles as they
                fell off the back of a lorry.
                The only evidence qf any criminal tendencies
                is that Pete once bought the boys a bicycle
                cheap qff the back of a lorry.

                on someone's back
                If you say that someone is on

                -4

                your back.
                you are complaining that they are annoying
                you by criticizing you and putting a lot of
                pressure on you. Compare get off someone's

                back.
                The crowd aren't forgiving, they can be a bit
                fickle, and as soon as you make a mistake they
                are on your back.
                You can't go to a guy and talk about your


                    evince -p 32 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

                back
                deep feelings because if everyone else knows
                you're weak, they're on your back straight

                away.

                on the back of an envelope

                [f you say that a plan or idea was written
                on the back of an envelope, you are emphasizing
                that it is still unfinished and that it
                needs much more work and thought before it

                is ready.
                He has made decisions sketched out on the
                back of an envelope without proper consultation
                again.
                But the screenplay sounds as if it has been
                written on the back of an envelope and the
                whole thing has an improvised air about it.
                A back-of-an-envelope calculation or account
                is a rough estimate rather than an accurate
                figure.
                According to a back-of-an-envelope calculation
                by Mr Kirshner, a solar square qf mirrors. 30
                miles long by 30 miles wide, would provide
                enough energy to supply the whole state.

                on the back of a postage stamp
                If you say that all that someone knows
                about something could be written on the
                back of a postage stamp, you are emphasizing
                that they know very little about it.
                What she knew about children would have fitted
                on the back of a postage stamp.
                put your back into something
                If you put your back into something, you
                work very hard to do it successfully.
                Eighty miles across the mountains could be
                done in six days walking, if she put her back
                into it.
                The garden is stunning and a marvellous example
                of what can be achieved when people are
                prepared to commit themselves and put their
                backs into something.

                stab someone in the back
                a stab in the back
                -444
                If you say that someone that you trusted
                has stabbed you in the back, you mean that
                they have done something which hurts and

                betrays you.
                She seemed to be incredibly disloyal. She
                would be your friend to your face, and then
                stab you in the back.
                I'm really surrounded by a very hypocritical
                bunch of people, who want to kiss me every
                time they see me and then they stab me in the

                back.
                She felt betrayed, as though her daughter

                had stabbed her in the back, deliberately cho
                sen the worst way to hurt her.
                A stab in the back is an action which
                hurts and betrays someone.

                Mandela has warned that lifting sanctions
                South Africa would be a stab in the
                back for the liberation struggle.

                against

                back

                13

                Back-stabbing is talk or gossip which is
                intended to harm someone. You can also talk
                about back-stabbing remarks.
                People begin to avoid one another, take sides.
                be drawn into gossip and back stabbing

                turn your back on someone: 1
                444
                If you say that someone has turned their

                back on you, you mean that they have ignored
                you and refused to help you.
                We appeal to this conference do not turn
                your bads on the poor. Do not turn your back
                on the unemployed.
                IVe cant just turn our back on them because
                otherwise we join a whole list of other organizations
                who say they're there to protect children,
                but really are not
                When / first got sick, people really turned
                their backs on me.
                turn your back on something: 2
                444
                If you turn your back on something, you
                stop thinking about it and paying attention to
                it or you reject it. Compare when your back
                is turned.
                One good thing about moving jobs - you can
                turn your back on your mistakes.
                He intends to turn his back on his Common
                ist past and form a completely new party with
                which to challenge for power.
                The annual review of the marriage guidance
                organisation Relate has found that thousands
                qf young people are turning their backs on
                marriage.

                when your back is turned

                4

                if something happens when your back is
                turned, it happens when you are away or involved
                with something else. You can also say
                that it happens as soon as you turn your
                back. Compare turn your back on some
                thing.
                Sometimes, a child is actually frightened to
                go to school
                not because qf what goes on
                there, but because of what she fears might happen
                at home when her back is turned
                They are quite happy to question you. though.
                and are not averse to having a look through
                your personal items when your back is turned.

                -

                you scratch my back and I'll scratch

                yours

                4

                People say 'you scratch my back and I'll
                scratch yours' to mean that one person helps
                another on condition that the second person
                helps them in return. People also say ‘I'll
                scratch your back if you'll scratch mine'.
                The chemist knew his business and. willing
                to play the game qf "you scratch my back and
                I'll scratch yours', charged Eve for only the ingredients
                he used.
                For men. commitments are based on common
                interest: I'll scratch your back if you'll scratch
                mine.


                    evince -p 33 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

                backs
                This expression is very variable. For example.
                you can talk about people scratching
                each other's backs, or say that something
                happens on an I'll scratch your back basis.
                When French and German ministers scratch
                each other's backs, their British counterpart often
                looks awkward.
                But with out-ofreach nanny rates and
                playcentre space scarce, she makes do with
                friends, neighbours and ‘I'll scratch your back'
                support
                Back-scratching is helping someone so
                that they will help you in return.
                And they know that a bit of helpful backscratching when the state needs their services
                can be amply repaid one day.

                backs
                live ofT the backs of someone
                If you say that one group of people is living
                off the backs of another group, you are criticizing
                the first group because it is using the
                money and resources of the second group to
                survive, and it gives nothing in return.
                For too long the fat and decadent rich have
                lived qff the backs of the working<lass.
                It is a parasitic organisation. It has lived off
                the backs of the people. Its members have stolen
                and extorted money to sustain themselves
                and their activities.

                backwards
                bend over backwards
                bend over backward

                forwards

                and
                4

                backwards, you are emphasizing that they
                know it very well. This form of the expression
                is used mainly in British English; in American
                English, the usual form is know something
                backwards and forwards
                I thoroughly enjoy lecturing and know my

                backwards.

                bacon
                4
                save someone's bacon
                If someone or something saves your bacon,
                they get you out of a dangerous or difficult

                situation. This expression is used mainly in
                British English.
                Your mother once saved my bacon, did you
                know that. She lent me money when I needed
                it.
                Insect spray really saves my bacon because I
                react quite badly to mosquito bites.

                bag
                be someone's bag

                4

                If you say that something is not your bag,
                you mean that you are not very interested in
                it or are not very good at it.
                'Being an umpire is not my bag, ' Mr. Anders
                says. Td rather be a player. '
                The Crowes ain't my bag. but they gain my
                respect. They love what they do.
                If sentimental, feel-good, life-affirming movies
                are your bag. this is for you.

                If you say that something is in the bag, you

                -4-4

                If you say that someone knows something

                subject

                He will be very much in demand. He knows
                the business backwards.
                Everybody had a role and, probably out of
                desperation, I made Joe an assistant prosecuting
                attorney Joe came alive, got to know the
                play backwards and forwards.

                in the bag

                If you bend over backwards or bend over
                backward to do something, you try very hard
                to do it and to help or please someone, even if
                it causes you trouble or difficulties. ‘Lean' is
                sometimes used instead of 'bend'.
                UN officials have so far found no evidence to
                support the rebels' claims, but they are bending
                over backwards to accommodate their concerns
                in order to get the peace process moving again.
                We are bending over backwards to ensure
                that the safeguards are kept in place.
                But I tell you, Mr Dorkins, you've done your
                duty. You've leaned over backward. She has
                nothing to complain about.

                know something backwards
                something
                know
                backwards

                bag

                14

                mean that you feel certain that you will get it
                or achieve it
                Between you and me, laddie, it's in the bag.

                Unofficially, the job's yours.
                After the l-l draw with Internationale, the
                1993 championship is as good as in the bag for

                Milan.

                4
                leave someone holding the bag
                If you are left holding the bag, you are

                made responsible for a problem that nobody
                else wants to deal with. This expression is
                used more commonly in American English
                than British. Leave someone holding the
                baby means the same.
                If a project goes bust, investors are left holding
                the bag.
                And then he made another deal, and they
                were left holding the bag.
                He was worried about leaving Mom to hold

                the bag financially.

                a mixed bag

                444

                If you describe something as a mixed bag,
                you mean that it contains things that are of
                very different kinds or qualities.
                Gateway has a mixed bag of items on special
                offer. Dessert plums are down to 5Op per lb.

                .


                    evince -p 34 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

                bags
                Mild garlic sausage drops to just £1.39 and several
                Somerfield dairy products are down.
                The papers carry a mixed bag of stories on

                their front pages.
                The anthology of short stories by Scottish
                writers is a rather mixed bag. This unevenness
                of quality may be an inevitable consequence of
                selecting writers on the grounds of nationality.
                rather than simply on literary merit.
                •4
                someone's bag of tricks
                If you refer to someone's bag of tricks, you
                mean that they have a set of special techniques
                or methods to use in their work.
                ‘Unpretentious Delights' by Johnny

                ball

                IS

                Griffin is

                perfectly titled. Recorded live in Warsaw in
                1978. it is a delightful offering with Griffin going
                through his bag of tricks to great effect
                Audiences seemed disconcerted by Welles' un
                conventional camera techniques, the jarring
                cuts between scenes, the shock effects that
                Welles pulled out of his bag of tricks.

                bags
                pack your bags
                44
                If someone packs their bags, they suddenly
                leave where they live or work, or they withdraw
                from an agreement usually because of a
                disagreement.
                But it was a stormy romance. Jesse's wayward
                attitude prompted Gwyneth to pack her
                bags on several occasions.
                If things go wrong and our conditions are
                not met, we will simply pack our bags and

                leave.
                The firm action taken by the British authorities
                in unceremoniously ordering three British
                competitors in the Barcelona Olympics to pack
                their bags is a welcome signal that cheating, at
                least by British sportsmen and sportswomen,
                will not be tolerated.

                bait
                fish or cut bait
                You can tell someone to fish or cut bait
                when you want them to stop wasting time and
                make a decision to do something. This expression
                is used in American English.
                Morale and stamina were said to be low after
                seven weeks of stalemate - the time had come to
                fish or cut bait.
                take the bait
                rise to the bait
                4
                If you take the bait or rise to the bait, you
                react to something that someone has said or
                done in exactly the way that they wanted you
                to react.
                When the talk turned to horses, she told him
                how she had fallen off as a child and lost her
                nerve. Hewitt immediately took the bait, offer
                ing to teach her to ride.

                It's important not to rise to the bait and

                get

                cross.

                baker
                a baker's dozen
                If you have a baker's dozen of things, you
                have thirteen of them. This is an oldfashioned expression.
                It's the idea of Alan Else, series coordinator,
                who has picked out a baker's dozen of top
                events between April and September.

                balance
                in the balance

                444

                If you say that a situation is in the balance
                or hangs or remains in the balance, you
                mean that it is not clear what is going to happen.
                I heard that one of the judges had died unexpectedly
                and that the choice of his successor
                was in the balance, with Holroyd and a couple
                of others as the most likely candidates.
                Mankind today faces unprecedented problems
                and the future will hang in the balance if joint
                solutions are not found.
                The survival of Municipal Mutual Insurance,
                Britain's leading insurer of local authorities,
                remained in the balance, as hopes for a European
                rescue of the group turned away from
                Paris towards Belgium and Germany.

                throw off balance

                444

                If you are thrown off balance by something,
                you are confused or surprised by it.
                Verbs such as 'knock' and ‘catch' are sometimes
                used instead of 'throw'.
                She was trying to behave as if his visit
                hadn't thrown her off-balance.
                His directness seemed designed to throw
                Michael off balance.
                Mullins knocked me off balance with his abrupt
                change

                of subject.

                ball
                a ball and chain

                •4

                If you describe someone or something as a
                ball and chain, you mean that they restrict
                your freedom to do what you want.
                If you listen to members of the same sex talk
                ing to each other, you're likely to hear a man
                describe his wife as a ball and chain.
                Our national debt is an economic ball and
                chain dragging us down, keeping longer term
                interest rates high.
                •4-4
                the ball is in your court
                If you tell someone that the ball is in their
                court, you are pointing out that it is their responsibility
                to decide what to do next in a

                particular situation.
                The ball's now in your court. You have to de

                    evince -p 35 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

                ball
                cide what you're going to do to get the most

                from your money, given the level of risk you
                feel you can tolerate.

                The ball is now in his court. I, and indeed
                others, have told him quite clearly what we
                think. He has to decide.

                a crystal ball

                -4-4-4

                If you say that someone is looking into a
                crystal ball, you mean that they are trying to
                predict the future.
                So why look in the crystal ball for next year.
                when we can look at the record of what has
                happened.
                What you really need to help you select your
                new car is a crystal ball to tell you how much
                it will be worth two, three or four years down
                the road.
                Can I ask you now to do a bit of crystal ball
                gazing? How high do you think the price of oil
                could go?
                A crystal ball is a glass ball used by some
                traditional fortune-tellers to predict the fu

                ture.
                drop the ball
                If you say that someone has dropped the
                ball, you are criticizing them for something
                foolish or incompetent that they have done.
                This expression is used mainly in American
                English.
                Lafferty, instead of really being helpful, had
                tried to pass off the new arrival's sponsorship
                duties to his staff, and the staff dropped the
                bell
                There are people who'd like to see me fall, 1
                know that But I'm not afraid. I won't drop the
                ball

                have a ball

                444

                If you have a ball, you enjoy yourself and
                have a really good time.
                The boys were sitting happily on the ground.
                The burner was blazing, the kettle was on and,
                going by the gales of laughter, they were having
                a ball.
                Why not go out and see if there's some place
                we can dance? Let's go and have a ball.
                I've enjoyed every minute qf politics. I've had
                a ball.

                a new ball game
                a different ball game

                ball

                16

                4

                If you describe a situation as a new ball
                game or a different ball game, you mean
                that it has changed so much that people will
                have to change the way they deal with it or
                consider it.
                'What happens if you find out, as seems prob
                able, that we have a case of sabotage on our
                hands?' 'Then it's a new ball game. Bruce.
                We'll have to trace the crime itself back to its
                authors. '
                Politically, we're not yet there and we don't

                know the timetable of the crisis But in the end
                of it, it will be a whole new ball game.
                (f military force were to be used, then that
                could be a completely different ball game
                on the bail
                If you describe someone as on the ball, you

                mean that they are alert and deal with things
                in an intelligent way.
                Some clubs struggle in their attempts to raise
                money. A few are on the ball and make a thoroughly
                professional job of it.
                You can't bumble along in this business. You
                have to be on the ball.

                play ball

                444

                If you agree to play ball with someone, you
                agree to do what they have asked you to do,
                or you agree to work with them in order to
                achieve something that you both want. Compare
                play hardball; see hardball.
                The Association of British Insurers has
                threatened to withdraw its support if the banks
                and building societies refuse to play ball.
                The indirect message to Japan 's foreign min
                ister appeared to be that, if Japan would not
                play ball with Russia on economic co-operation.
                Russia would look for friends elsewhere.
                'Boys, I want to say that l appreciate the way
                you've played ball with me,' she declared, ‘and
                in return you can be sure that I aim to play
                ball right back. '
                set the ball rolling
                444
                start the ball rolling
                If you set the ball rolling or start the ball
                rolling, you start an activity or you do some
                thing which other people will Join in with lat
                er. You can also get the ball rolling and
                keep the ball rolling.
                A fierce price war is now underway with all
                the big supermarket rivals cutting prices
                Sainsbury set the ball rolling last week with 30
                per cent discounts on a wide range of brands.
                Lord Mackay started the ball rolling on judicial
                openness when he abolished rules barring
                judges from speaking in public.
                Once you get the ball rolling, everyone wants

                to be involved.

                take the ball and run with it
                4
                pick up the ball and run
                If you take the ball and run with it, you
                take an idea or plan that someone else has
                started and you develop it in order to see if it
                will be successful or useful. This expression is
                very variable. For example, you can also say
                that you pick up the ball and run.
                Whatever he does in that hour is up to him
                If he studies, fine. If he stares at the walls, well
                there's nothing we can do. He's the one who
                has to take the ball and run with it,
                In a couple of months all our efforts will be

                J


                    evince -p 36 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

                ballistic
                forgotten unless other people pick up the ball

                and run.
                Other nouns are often used Instead of •ball'.
                Political theorists picked up the idea of liberty
                and ran with it down novel and experimental
                constitutional paths.
                Any competent programmer could do it on a
                home computer and I'm hoping that someone
                else will take this and run with it because I
                haven't had the time.
                the whole ball of wax
                If you refer to the whole ball of wax, you
                are referring to the whole of something or to
                a number of different things which form a
                whole. This expression is used mainly in
                American English.
                Perry wanted it all, the whole ball of wax. He
                wanted the Society for himself
                Let's just say that without you and him,
                there's nothing at all. You two are the whole
                ball of wax. And your uncle sure as hell knows
                that.

                ballistic
                go ballistic
                If someone goes ballistic, they get extremely
                angry and start behaving in a very forceful
                or irrational way as a result. Go nuclear
                means the same.
                They claim the singer went ballistic after one
                member of his band allegedly failed to show
                for a sound check on the recent American tour.
                Can you imagine what the atmosphere will be
                like at breakfast if these pictures are as bad as
                they sound? The Queen will, quite simply, go
                ballistic.

                balloon
                the balloon goes up
                If you say that the balloon has gone up,
                you mean that a situation has become very
                serious or something bad has just happened.
                This expression is used mainly in British
                English.
                On the Saturday the balloon went up. Henry
                said he would be going out to a conference and
                not returning until the Sunday afternoon. Sara
                told him to take all his things and not to return
                at all
                On the line was his solicitor warning that the
                balloon was about to go up.

                ballpark
                a ballpark figure
                a ballpark estimate
                A ballpark figure or a ballpark estimate
                is an approximate figure or quantity. These
                expressions are used mainly in American
                English.
                But what are we talking about here - a few

                balls

                17

                thousand, millions, two bucks? Give me a ball
                park figure.
                / think just in a ballpark estimate about
                60-40. Sixty would support, 40 percent would be
                opposed.
                -

                in the ballpark
                If you say that someone or something is in
                the ballpark, you mean that their ideas, actions,
                or estimates are approximately right,
                although they may not be exactly right. This
                expression is used in American English.
                As one recovering gambler puts it. as long as
                you stay honest with yourself, you're somewhere
                in the ballpark.
                Doctor Adams pointed out that as a piece of
                subtle surgical equipment it cost about £5 an
                underestimate, maybe, but in the right ballpark.

                in the same ballpark
                If you say that one person or thing is in the
                same ballpark as another, you mean that the
                first person or thing is comparable to the sec
                ond, or is as good or important as the second
                This expression is used in American English.
                As a general investigative agency, they're not
                in the same ballpark as the FBI.
                'We're not very nervous.' Mr. Gruber. Blockbuster's
                chief marketing officer, predicts that
                Super Club's outlets won't be 'in the same ball
                park' as Blockbuster's larger superstores

                balls
                break someone's balls
                If you say that someone breaks your balls.
                you mean that they seem to take pleasure in

                creating a great deal of unnecessary trouble
                for you. This expression is often used to refer
                critically to women who seem to enjoy de
                stroying the sexual confidence of men. You
                can replace ‘break' with ‘bust'. This is a very
                informal expression, which many people find
                offensive.
                You learned that the guy who writes the ads
                for the bank isn't the guy who loans the mon
                ey. They break your balls.
                Men prefer a twitchy little eyeflutterer even if
                she is breaking their balls behind the scenes.
                You can refer to someone who behaves in
                this way as a ball-breaker, and describe
                their behaviour as ball-breaking
                She thinks there's a misconception of her and
                Jen as ball breaking, man hating, unapproach
                able bitches.
                Another professor raised a great laugh by
                characterizing Jane Eyre as a novel written by
                one sex starved ball breaker about another.
                keep balls in the air
                juggle balls in the air
                If you have to keep a lot of balls in the air
                or juggle a lot of balls in the air, you have


                    evince -p 37 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

                banana

                bang

                18

                to deal with many different things at the
                same time.
                They had trouble keeping all their balls in
                the air. In management terms, they were trying
                to do too much and things were starting to
                break down.
                I really am juggling a hundred balls in the
                air at the same time and driving Alan completely
                potty with my scatterbrained way of doing
                things

                banana
                slip on a banana skin
                44
                slip on a banana peel
                If an important or famous person slips on a
                banana skin or slips on a banana peel, they
                say or do something that makes them look
                stupid and causes them problems. Other verbs
                with a similar meaning can be used instead of
                'slip'. This expression is used mainly in British
                English
                Most of the nation would enjoy seeing mighty
                Liverpool slip on a banana skin in front of

                millions.
                You can be walking across Westminster
                Bridge full of noble thoughts at one moment
                and slipping on a banana peel the next.
                He was unaware of the banana skin on
                which his department's heel was about to skid.
                You can refer to something that causes
                someone to look stupid or have problems as a
                banana skin or a banana peel.
                We are hoping this is a new era for the club.
                but there have been a few banana skins lying
                around in the past when people have thought
                like that.
                This is nothing compared with the criticism
                the president gets from those major insiders
                who watch in horrified fascination as he
                lurches from one banana peel to another.

                who plays several different instruments at the

                same time.

                bandwagon
                jump on the bandwagon

                own.

                Why are the ‘stars' now jumping on the fash
                ionable green bandwagon? Few people doubt
                their sincerity, although some people doubt

                their

                effectiveness.

                Conservative Republicans are incredulous
                and angry at the sight of Federal Reserve
                chairman, Alan Greenspan, climbing aboard
                the Bill Clinton bandwagon.
                You can also say that someone is
                bandwagon-jumping.
                We welcome any campaign on domestic violence,
                but we don 't like the bandwagon
                jumping of this organization.
                'Bandwagon' is also used in many other
                phrases such as someone's bandwagon is
                rolling, to mean that an activity or movement
                is getting increasing support.
                The Government's determination to push
                ahead with the sell-off of British Rail underlines
                its desire to keep the privatisation band

                wagon rolling.

                band

                bang

                a one-man band
                a one-woman band
                44
                If you describe someone as a one-man
                band, you mean that they carry out every

                bang goes something

                part of an activity themselves, without any
                help from anyone else.
                Business was quiet on the night we visited
                which was as well, as the chef was a one-man
                band, taking orders, and cooking and serving
                at table.
                I'm a one-man band, Mr Herold. At present I
                haven't even got a secretary.
                A woman who is like this is sometimes described
                as a one-woman band.
                The hens need to be shut up at dusk and the
                gate of the goose enclosure closed and I am no
                better at being in two places at once than the
                next one-woman band.
                A one-man band is a street entertainer

                -

                -44-4

                If you say that someone, especially a politician,
                has jumped on the bandwagon, you
                disapprove of their involvement in an activity
                or movement, because you think that they are
                not sincerely interested in it, but are involved
                in it because it is likely to succeed or it is
                fashionable. 'Climb on', ‘get on', and 'join' can
                be used instead of ‘jump on'.
                One of the dangers of following fads is that
                there are always bound to be inexperienced
                people ready to jump on the bandwagon and
                start classes in whatever is fashionable, with
                little or no training or qualifications of their

                If you say 'bang goes something', you mean
                that it is now obvious that it cannot succeed
                or be achieved. This expression is used mainly
                in British English.
                What will the country be like a decade into
                the 21st century? First the bad news: there will
                be more work to do. not less. Bang goes the
                fantasy of retirement at thirty-five.
                Bang goes his influence, maybe his job. if the
                two countries reach a real understanding

                more bang for the buck
                a bigger bang for the buck
                4
                more bangs for your bucks
                If you get more bang for the buck, you get
                a bigger quantity or better quality of some

                thing than you would expect to get for the
                amount that you spend. You can also say that


                    evince -p 38 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

                bank
                you get a bigger bang for the buck or more
                bangs for your bucks. All these expressions
                are used mainly in American English.
                With this program you get more bang for the
                buck you've spent on computers.
                I think it's very, very important for those governments
                to do whatever they can to get a bigger
                bang for the buck
                Put crudely, we want more bangs for our
                bucks the days of being able to afford vast
                bureaux all over the world are over.
                You can also say that someone gets little
                bang for the buck, when they get less than
                they expected for the amount of money they
                spent.
                The company is getting little bang for its
                buck.
                4
                not with a bang but a whimper
                If you say that something happens not with
                a bang but a whimper, you mean that it is
                less effective or exciting than people expected
                or intended.
                The Cannes film festival approached its climax
                yesterday not with a bang but a whimper,
                as thousands of disappointed festival goers left

                -

                early.

                You can also say that something happened
                with a bang and not a whimper, or with
                neither a bang nor a whimper.
                Should the monarchy go. it would be with a
                memorable bang and not a whimper.
                The last Hampshire match at Dean Park ended
                not with a bang, not even with a whimper;
                just an old-fashioned draw.

                bank
                break the bank

                barrel

                19

                44

                If you say that something will not break
                the bank, you mean that it will not cost a lot
                of money or will not cost more than you can
                easily afford. Something that breaks the
                bank does cost a lot of money or more than
                you can easily afford.
                Porto Cervo is expensive, but there are restaurants
                and bars that won't break the bank.
                With everyone counting the pennies, selfcatering
                holidays are a good option because
                you can enjoy a refreshing change without
                breaking the bank.
                Officials say the cost of the war could break
                the bank and they're looking to US allies for

                more financial support.
                •augh all the way to the bank
                cry all the way to the bank
                4
                If someone is laughing all the way to the
                bank, they are making a lot of money very
                easily or very quickly. Other verbs are sometimes
                used instead of 'laugh'.
                Investors who followed our New Year share
                tips are laughing all the way to the bank. The

                gains, considering that we are only five months

                into the year, are astronomical.
                Doctors are grinning all the way to the bank
                this week as Medicare statistics reveal that
                most medical specialists earn more than
                $300,000 a year.
                If you say that someone is crying all the
                way to the bank, you are saying in an ironic
                way that they are making a lot of money very
                easily or very quickly. You can also say that
                someone is crying all the way to the bank
                when they are not making much money.
                An Oscar for Nolle could add another £10
                million, leaving him crying all the way to the
                bank.
                The bookies had already closed their satchels
                and were resigned to crying all the way to the
                bank and back.

                baptism
                a baptism of fire

                44

                If your first experience of a new situation is
                very difficult or unpleasant, you can describe
                it as a baptism of fire.
                They have given themselves a baptism of fire
                by playing what many would consider the four
                best teams in the world.
                To most men, of whatever rank, it was their
                baptism of fire. The first lessons learned were
                not new, but they were viciously taught.

                bark
             your bark is worse than your bite

                4

                If you say that someone's bark is worse
                than their bite, you mean that they seem to
                be much more severe or unfriendly than they
                really are.
                My bark is definitely worse than my bite.
                When people get to know me, they'll tell you
                I'm just a big softy really.
                D People often vary this expression. For example,
                you can suggest that someone is as severe
                or unfriendly as they seem by saying
                that their bite is as bad as their bark.
                Wales' team will discover today that
                England's bite is as vicious as their bark.
                Lautro showed it has some bite behind its
                bark when it fined Interlife Assurance £160.000.

                barrel
                4
                have someone over a barrel
                If you are having discussions or negotia
                tions with someone and you say that they
                have you over a barrel, you mean that they
                have put you in a position where you cannot
                possibly win. 'Have' is occasionally replaced
                with 'hold'.
                The unions wish they had more options. Jobs
                are tight, they know that, and they feel management
                has them over a barrel


                    evince -p 39 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

                barrelhead
                And now this time they've got them over a
                barrel.
                Mr Tice said owners held him over a barrel

                on weekly prices.
                scrape the bottom of the barrel
                scrape the barrel
                If you say that someone is scraping the
                bottom of the barrel or is scraping the barrel,
                you mean that they are using something
                or doing something that is not very good, because
                they cannot think of anything better to

                use or do.

                The game designers were scraping the bottom
                when they came up with
                this one.
                I can accept him having a go at me, but now
                he is really scraping the barrel by effectively
                having a go at our players.

                Of the barrel for ideas

                barrelhead
                on the barrelhead
                on the barrel
                If you pay cash on the barrelhead or on
                the barrel for something, you pay for it immediately
                and in cash. These expressions are
                used in American English; the British expression
                is on the nail
                Customers usually pay cash on the
                barrelhead, so bad debts aren't much of a
                problem.
                TV has decided to pay exactly what a sports
                event appears to be worth - cash on the barrel
                and not a dollar more.

                barrels
                give someone both barrels

                with both barrels
                If you give someone both barrels or let

                them have it with both barrels, you attack
                them fiercely, aggressively, and foroefully.
                Greenwood took this up with Butler and gave
                him both barrels.
                Let him have it with both barrels and then
                get out of the situation while you can.

                base
                get to first base: 1
                If you cannot get to first base, you cannot
                begin to make progress with your plans.
                We couldn't get to first base with any U.S.
                banks. They didn i want to take the risk
                We wonder why there are so few women in
                leadership - they get trivialised before they
                even get to first base
                get to first base: 2
                get to second base
                People use expressions such as get to
                first
                base and get to second base
                to refer to the
                degree of sexual intimacy they
                have achieved

                basket

                20

                with their girlfriend or boyfriend. These expressions
                are used mainly in American English.
                It takes Declan, the obligatory ladies' man of
                the cast, until the third episode to get past first
                base with any of his prey.
                On a date, would it be easier to get to second
                base with Laveme or Shirley?

                off base

                •«<

                If you say that someone's judgement or opinion
                is off base, you mean that it is mistaken
                or wrong. This expression is used in American
                English.
                / don't think the church is off base at all in
                taking a moral stand on this.
                They had a lot of assumptions that were very
                far off base, l think.
                For him to blame his mother for this is really
                off base.

                touch base

                <

                If you touch base with someone, you contact
                them, often when you have not spoken to
                them or seen them for a long time.
                Being there gave me a chance to touch base
                with and make plans to see three friends whom
                I had not seen for a year.
                Afterward Forstmann had touched base with
                his partners and found that they, too, harbored
                a vague distaste for the tobacco business.

                bases
                touch all the bases
                cover all the bases
                If you say that someone touches all the bases
                or touches all bases, you mean that they
                deal with or take care of all the different
                things that they should. You can also say that
                they cover all the bases. These expressions
                are used mainly in American English.
                He has managed to touch all the bases necessary.
                and trade goes on.
                This is an exceptionally good contract It
                touches all of the bases of what the people said
                were the problems.
                The boss covers all bases when he sets up a
                job

                basket
                a basket case: 1

                44

                If you describe a country or organization as
                a basket case, you mean that its economy or
                finances are in a very bad state.
                The popular image about Latin America a
                few years ago was that it was a basket case.
                To understand this, it's necessary to go back
                to the seventies, when the Post Office was regarded
                as a basket case, doomed to decline by
                the growth of competition from phone, fax and
                modem.


                    evince -p 40 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

                bat
                a basket case: 2

                4

                If you say that someone is a basket case,
                you mean that they are crazy or insane. This
                is

                an informal expression.
                comes to work in tears

                Mary

                every day, and

                you wouldn't believe the bags under her eyes.
                She's gained fifteen pounds, as well I tell you,
                she's turning into a basket case.
                You're going to think I'm a basket case when
                I tell you this, but we used to play games this
                was when we were about twenty, not kids.

                bat
                go to bat for someone
                go in to bat for someone

                4

                If you say that someone goes to bat for
                you. you mean that they give you their sup
                port or help. You can also say that they go in
                to bat for you. These expressions are used
                mainly in American English.
                She was just fabulous in going to bat for me,
                in not being judgmental, in seeing me through
                and helping me work it out.
                I wasn't ashamed to go in to bat for Matt. I
                had faith his acting talent would justify it.

                like a bat out of hell
                If you go somewhere like a bat out of hell.
                you go there very quickly.
                I didn't see her face, but I knew it was a
                woman. She tore across the highway like a bat
                out of hell. I damn nearly ploughed right into
                ha
                He said ‘Thank you. sir. ' and departed like a
                bat out of hell.

                off your own bat

                4

                If you do something off your own bat, you
                choose to do it or decide to do it rather than
                being told to do it. This expression is used in
                British English.
                ‘Who's put you up to this call? Someone's told
                you to talk to me.' 'I'm doing it off my own
                bat. John. '
                I'm certain whatever she did, she did off her
                own bat. Please make that clear, whatever she
                did was nothing to do with me.

                play a straight bat: 1
                If you say that someone plays a straight
                bat. you mean that they try to avoid answering
                difficult questions. This expression is used

                in British English.
                Rut last Saturday her interviewee played a
                straight bat. referring all inquiries to his so
                licitors before driving off

                He is playing a straight bat. Though he is
                not yet ready to say whether he wants the laws
                relaxed or scrapped, he says he recognises that
                there are ‘strong arguments' for legalised

                brothels.

                baton

                21

                play a straight bat: 2
                If someone plays a straight bat, they do
                things in an honest and simple way because
                they have traditional ideas and values. This is
                an old-fashioned expression, which is used in
                British English.
                Amit, then 14. was very surprised to find that
                ‘playing a straight bat' was not considered all
                that important in his new school
                right off the bat
                4
                If something happens right off the bat, it
                happens immediately or at the very beginning
                of a process or event. This expression is used
                mainly in American English.
                It was just as well that he learned right off
                the bat that you can't count on anything in
                this business.
                Right off the bat I had a problem that threat
                ened to give me editor's block five minutes into
                my first day of editing

                bath
                an early bath

                4

                If you are involved in an activity and you
                take an early bath, you stop doing it and
                leave before you have finished. This expres
                sion is used in British English. Compare send
                someone to the showers; see showers.
                At test screenings of Platoon, The War of the
                Roses and Goodfellas at least a quarter of the
                audience had opted for an early bath.
                Nineteen of the country's most experienced referees
                have been invited to take an early bath as
                part of English football's attempt to lower the
                age of its top officials.
                O This expression is more commonly used in
                talking about football and rugby If a player
                has an early bath, they are sent off the pitch
                before the end of the game, because they have
                severely broken the rules.

                take a bath
                If a person or a company takes a bath, they
                lose a lot of money on an investment. This expression
                is used mainly in journalism.
                It is America's third- biggest bank failure. Its
                depositors have been saved by their federal de
                posit insurance: its bond and stockholders have
                taken a bath
                Investors in the company took a 35 million
                dollar bath on the company, which entered
                bankruptcy proceedings 18 months ago.

                baton
                pass the baton
                hand the baton
                pick up the baton

                4

                If someone passes the baton to you or
                hands the baton to you. they pass respon
                sibility for something to you,


                    evince -p 41 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

                bats
                Does this mean that the baton of leadership is
                going to be passed to other nations?
                He has handed over the baton to Mr Mellor
                who. should he be brave enough to attend, will

                come face to face with many of his tormentors.
                If you pick up the baton, you take over responsibility
                for something.
                The heyday for conservationists was the mid
                and late 1980s when councils really picked up
                the baton of public concern and became the
                standard bearers in the quality of life versus
                nature debate.

                bats
                have bats in your belfry
                If you say that someone has bats in their
                belfry, you mean that they have peculiar
                ideas or are crazy. This is an informal expression.
                This music's dated melodrama is its potency.
                Eldritch truly has bats in his belfry, a corpse's
                chill to his voice, and a funereal hyperbole
                throughout his music.

                batteries
                recharge your batteries

                44

                If you recharge your batteries, you take a
                break from activities which are tiring or
                stressful so that you can relax and will feel
                refreshed when you return to those activities.
                After playing in the Divisional Champion
                ship. I took a long break from the game to recharge
                my batteries.
                He wanted to recharge his batteries and come
                back feeling fresh and positive.

                battle
                444
                the battle lines are drawn
                11' you say that the battle lines are drawn
                between opposing groups or people, you mean
                that they are ready to start fighting or arguing,
                and that it has become clear what the
                main points of conflict or disagreement will

                be
                The battle lines were drawn yesterday for the
                fiercest contest in the history of local radio.
                Forty-eight applicants submitted their proposals
                in the chase for eight London broadcasting

                licences.
                Battle lines were already being drawn up for
                a future power struggle.

                a battle of wills

                battle

                22

                4

                If you describe an argument or conflict as a
                battle of wills, you mean that the people who
                are involved in it refuse to give in to each
                other's demands.
                It was a battle of wills, and Grace's was the

                stronger.
                The police have been under enormous pres
                sure to end a wave of kidnappings which has

                triggered a battle of wills between the State
                governor and the Federal government.

                a battle of wits

                4

                If you describe a competition or disagreement
                as a battle of wits, you mean that each
                person involved in it uses their intelligence
                and mental ability to beat their opponents.
                With chess you're involved in a battle of wits
                from start to finish.
                He is cunning, crafty and clever. The kidnap
                was carefully planned and thought out and the
                tone of the letter he sent was not from an uneducated
                person. It's now a battle of wits between
                my officers and this man.

                fight a losing battle
                444
                If you are fighting a losing battle, you are
                trying to achieve something, but you are very
                unlikely to succeed.
                Some fat people despair of ever losing weight.
                And according to recent research by doctors in
                Los Angeles, very obese dieters may indeed be
                fighting a losing battle.
                Miss Bennett fought a losing battle against
                her depression.
                The producer says the theaters have been
                fighting a losing battle with television, movies,
                and video cassettes.

                join battle
                4
                If you join battle with someone, you decide
                that you are going to try and beat them in an
                argument or contest
                This new company intends to join battle with
                Cellnet and Vodafone in the mobile telecoms
                market.
                Heseltine led the challenge against the Prime
                Minister and now finds himself joining battle
                with two of the Conservative Party's most ad
                mired figures.

                a running battle

                444

                If you have a running battle with someone,
                you argue with them or fight with them over
                a long period of time.
                Police have been engaged in running battles
                with people protesting against the sharp increase
                in the price of the country's staple food,

                maize meal.
                At the same time, l kept up a running battle
                of letters, faxes and phone calls, trying to find
                the right organisation in Russia to grant permission
                for the trip.
                For the past year, Philippine beer drinkers
                have inspired a running battle between two
                brewers.

                win the battle, lose the war
                4
                lose the battle, win the war
                If you say that someone has won the battle,
                but lost the war, you mean that, although
                they have won a minor conflict, they
                have been defeated in a larger, more impor

                    evince -p 42 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

                bay
                lant one, of which it was a part. You can also
                say that someone has won the battle, but
                hasn't won the war.
                The strikers may have won the battle, but
                they lost the war.
                We will get our justice. They have won the
                battle but they haven't won the war. We will
                have our day in court.
                O You can also say that someone has lost the
                battle but intends to win the war, to mean
                that they have lost a small conflict but still
                think they can win the larger one.
                If you do start smoking again it does not
                mean you are a failure. Learn from what went
                wrong and pick another day to stop again. You
                may have lost the battle, but you can still win
                the war.

                bay
                keep something at bay
                444
                hold something at bay
                If you keep something at bay or hold it at
                bay, you keep it from attacking you or affect
                ing you in some other way. You can also
                keep people at bay or hold them at bay.
                By salting the meat, bacteria were kept at
                bay. preserving the meat for future use.
                Cretchen felt the intense regret that she had
                kept at bay for so long well up inside her.
                Tooth decay can be held at bay by fluoride
                toothpaste and good dentistry.
                A dozen American soldiers hold the crowd at
                bay until the helicopter lifts off.

                bead
                draw a bead on
                take a bead on
                If you draw a bead on a target or take a
                bead on it. you aim your weapon at it. These
                expressions are used mainly in American
                English.
                There was only one spot where the light
                through the trees would have enabled him to
                draw a bead on his target.
                The small pale eyes squeezed shut as if he
                were taking a bead on her.

                be-all
                hot the be-all and end-all
                44
                If you say that something is not the be-all
                and end-all. you mean that it is not the only
                thing that is important in a particular situation.
                Results are not the be-all and end-all of education.

                According to the prevailing wisdom, a career
                may be important to a woman as a source of
                fulfilment, but it is not the be all and the end
                oil of existence.

                beans

                23

                beam
                be way off beam

                4

                If you say that something is way off beam.
                you mean that it is completely wrong or mistaken.
                Other words can be used instead of
                'way'. This expression is used in British Eng

                lish.
                The writer was so hilariously way off-beam
                in his criticism of soccer that every single reader
                will want to see the article for themselves.
                Everything she says is a little off beam

                bean
                a bean counter
                count the beans

                4

                If you refer to someone as a bean counter,
                you mean that they are only interested in
                narrow questions such as how much money a
                business makes and spends, without caring
                about wider issues, for example, people's welfare.
                You usually use this expression when
                you disagree with this approach.
                The reason for America's failure is that we
                have beancounters running our companies
                The Japanese have engineering and manufac
                turing people.

                Most cases of cancer of the cervix occur in
                younger women. Medical bean counters don't
                think it is cost-effective to detect cervical cancer
                in the older age groups.
                O You can refer to this type of approach as
                bean counting, or you can say that someone
                is counting the beans.
                He is as prone as he ever was to sudden out
                bursts against the Hollywood establishment
                the bean-counting producers, the idiot studio
                heads, the lawyers, the grandiose agents.
                I'm not trivializing this, but no funds were
                lost and no customers were affected. We should
                count the beans better, that's all

                -

                not have a bean
                If you say that someone hasn't got a bean.
                you mean that they have very liUle money.
                This is a fairly old-fashioned expression,
                which is used in British English
                It's quite incredible to think that he now
                hasn't got a bean.
                'Where do you suppose she got that amount of
                money from? Lorimer?' 7 hardly think so.
                From all accounts he hasn't a bean.'
                When we married we hadn't a bean so we
                bought all our furniture second hand.

                beans
                full of beans

                4

                If you say that someone is full of beans.
                you mean that they are happy, excited, and
                full of energy.
                Jem was among them, pinkcheeked and full


                    evince -p 43 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

                bear
                of beans after a far longer sleep than anybody
                else had got.
                He is a likable extrovert, full of beans.
                know how many beans make five
                If you say that someone knows how many
                beans make five, you mean that they are intelligent
                and sensible. This is an old-fashioned
                expression, which is used in British English.
                The major concern of most parents is that the
                children are taught the basics, so that when
                they graduate they can talk nicely, spell proper
                ly and know how many beans make five.
                not amount to a hill of beans

                not worth a row of beans
                If you say lhat something doesn't amount
                to a hill of beans or isn't worth a hill of
                beans, you mean that it is completely worth
                less and insignificant. You can also say that
                something is not worth a row of beans.
                In this world the problems of people like us
                do not amount to a hill of beans.
                To skeptics, political polls aren t worth a hill

                of beans.

                If you don t know what it is you want to say
                and why, interview training is not worth a row
                qf beans.
         spill the beans
                If you spill the beans, you reveal the truth about something secret or private.
                beat
                24
                44
                He always seemed scared to death l was go
                ing to spill the beans to the cops.
                As Michael's friend, l can spill the beans on
                lots of things. I know his opinions on everything.

                He was badgering her to slay loyal to him
                and not spill the beans about their affair.

                bear
                like a bear with a sore head
                If you say that someone is behaving like a
                bear with a sore head, you are criticizing
                them for behaving in a very bad-tempered
                and irritable way. This expression is used
                mainly in British English.
                / mean, it was quite obvious, wasn't it, that
                she really didn't want to go, but there you
                were, like a bear with a sore head, tantrums
                all the time, little legs drumming on the floor.
                Jane Ashdown said she sometimes wished
                Paddy would quit politics. 'But I wouldn't ask
                him to give it up. He'd be like a bear with a
                sore head. '
                loaded for bear
                If you say that someone is loaded for bear.
                you mean that they are ready and eager to do
                something. This expression is used in Ameri
                can English.
                We could notify the mainland police, and they
                could conduct the search, and go charging in

                there with guns and bullhorns, loaded for
                bear.
                A young squadron commander named Joshua
                Painter led the briefing He had eight aircraft
                loaded for bear.

                beast
                no use to man or beast
                no good to man or beast
                If you say that someone or something is no
                use to man or beast or no good to man or
                beast, you are emphasizing that they are
                completely useless.
                Circumstances had compelled him, much
                against his will, to take no less than six beginners,
                some of them first-voyagers, of no use to
                man or beast.

                beat
                beat your breast
                beat your chest

                444

                If you say that someone is beating their
                breast or is beating their chest, you mean
                that they are very publicly showing regret or
                anger about something that has gone wrong.
                You usually use these expressions to suggest
                that the person is not being sincere but is trying
                to draw attention to himself or herself.
                At this month's meeting of the party's Central
                Committee, the party leader beat his breast
                with ritual self-criticism.
                He is very thoughtful with the players. He
                doesn't go around beating his chest all the
                time. He knows when a quiet chat is what's

                needed.
                You can describe the action of doing this as
                breast-beating or chest-beating.
                His pious breast- beating on behalf of the
                working classes was transparently bogus, but
                it was a clever public relations job
                The show is about pomp, pretension and
                chest beating melodrama.
                4
                miss a beat: 1
                If someone says or does something without
                missing a beat, they continue to speak or
                they do it without pausing, even though you
                might have expected them to hesitate.
                In a second round of testimony on Capitol
                Hill, the first woman attorney general designate
                was asked point-blank whether she should bow
                out. But, without missing a beat, she replied: 7
                do not believe it is appropriate for me to withdraw
                    my nomination '
                'Are you jealous?' ‘Only when I'm not in
                trol, ' he says, not missing a beat.

                con
                miss a beat: 2
                If you say that someone does not miss a

                beat, you mean that they always know what
                is going on and so they are able to take advantage
                of every situation.


                    evince -p 44 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

                beaver
                Browns is a stylish emporium of the best of
                the international fashion collections They
                haven't missed a beat since 1970, and if they
                don't have the dress you want, they'll order it.
                This time we played like machines. The longer
                the game went the stronger we got, and we
                never missed a beat.

                beaver

                an eager beaver

                4

                If you describe someone as an eager beaver,
                you mean that they are very enthusiastic
                about work or very anxious to please other
                people. You usually use this expression to
                show that you find their behaviour foolish or
                annoying.
                George was like a sneaky kid. He lied, boasted.
                was an eager beaver without the ability to
                live up to his promises.
                The Holdsworths were wearily climbing up
                the fYont steps. They must have left before
                dawn, the damned eager beavers!
                O Eager-beaver can also be used before a

                noun.
                If fraud became an

                issue, he might interest
                an eager-beaver assistant attorney general in
                the case.

                beck
                at someone's beck and call

                4

                If you say that someone is at another person's
                beck and call, you mean that they are
                always ready to carry out that person's orders
                or wishes, even when these orders or wishes
                are unreasonable.
                You're a person in your own right, not Just a
                mum or a partner, and your child must understand
                that you can't always be at his beck and
                call for every little thing.
                The specialised banks are. in effect, govern
                ment departments, at the beck and call of politicians
                and bureaucrats.

                bed
                Ret into bed with someone
                be in bed with someone
                4
                If you say that one person or group is getting
                into bed with another, you mean that
                |hey have made an agreement and are intending
                to work together. If they are in bed with
                the other person or group, they are already
                working together. You usually use this expression
                to show disapproval
                The BBC might have been criticised for getdng into bed with Sky TV last summer, but it's
                easy to see now why they did.
                He said that anyone who criticizes her is an

                enemy and is in bed with

                bee

                25

                the government.

                get out of bed the wrong side
                get out of bed on the wrong side
                If you say that someone got out of bed the
                wrong side or got out of bed on the wrong
                side, you mean that they are in a very bad
                mood without there seeming to be any obvi
                ous reason for it.
                Sorry I was so unpleasant when l arrived
                this morning. / must have got out of bed the
                wrong side.
                An immigration official who rolls out of bed
                on the wrong side can take an unreasonable
                dislike to a visitor who will be removed from
                these shores without the opportunity to appeal
                against the decision.

                put something to bed
                If you put a plan or task to bed. you
                achieve it or complete it successfully.
                Before putting the agreement to bed. we still
                had to satisfy Bean Murray.
                We were rushing like that to put the wages to
                bed by around dinner time Tuesday.
                you have made your bed and will have

                to lie on it

                If someone tells you ‘you have made your
                bed and will have to lie on it', they are telling
                you in an unsympathetic way that you
                have to accept the unpleasant consequences of
                a decision which you made at an earlier time.
                ‘In' is often used instead of ‘on'.
                Curiously it never occurred to her even to consider
                leaving Barry Her strict religious upbringing
                had convinced her that marriage was
                for life in her eyes she had made her bed and
                would have to lie in it.
                D This expression is very variable. For exam
                pie, you can say to someone, ‘you've made
                your bed, now He on it' or just ‘you've
                made your bed'.
                She came home one evening, after yet another
                blazing row. to find that lan and their two
                children had disappeared. Her parents responded,
                'You've made your bed. my girl. Now lie on
                it'
                You wouldn't expect us to turn around and
                say 'Oh well, you know you've made your bed you're the one that caused the problem.'

                bee
                the bee's knees

                4

                If you say that something or someone is the
                bee's knees, you are saying in a light-hearted
                way that you like them a great deal. This ex
                pression is used in British English.
                Back in the ‘80s it was the bee's knees but
                now it looks horribly out of date.
                I bought this white sweatshirt l thought I
                looked the bee's knees
                4
                have a bee in your bonnet
                If you say that someone has a bee in their


                    evince -p 45 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

                beeline
                bonnet about something, you mean that they
                feel very strongly about it and keep talking or
                thinking about it. This is often something that
                you think is unimportant. This expression is
                considered old fashioned in American English.
                I've got a bee in my bonnet about the confusion
                between education and training.
                There was no arguing with the boy when
                he'd got this bee in his bonnet
                People often vary this expression.
                I'm getting too old now for bees in my bonnet.
                I used to get very het up about things.
                Oh, come on. let that bee out of your bonnet.
                The case is over.

                beeline
                4
                make a beeline for something
                If you make a beeline for something, you
                go straight to it without any hesitation or de
                lay.

                The boys head for computer games while the
                girls make a beeline for the dolls.
                My only hope was to take refuge among the
                crowd, so l hid myself in the casino, but at a
                certain point l saw my persecutor making a

                beeline for me.

                beer
                not all beer and skittles
                If you say that something isn't all beer and
                skittles, you mean that it is not always as enjoyable
                or as easy as other people think it is.
                This expression is used in British English.
                Others are keen to make clear that City life is
                not all beer and skittles.
                Living on your own isn't all beer and skittles.
                It can be lonely too.
                It's not all beer and skittles when you get to
                be famous.

                small beer

                44

                If you say that something is small beer, you
                mean that it is insignificant compared with
                another thing. This expression is used in Brit
                ish English.
                This film cost £6 million to make, small beer
                compared to the £43 million splashed out on
                the making of Arnold Schwarzenegger's Termi
                nator II.
                The present series of royal scandals makes
                the 1936 abdication look like pretty small beer.
                Black films remain small beer; they are doing
                little to shape the movie business.

                beggars
                beggars can't be choosers
                If someone says to you ‘beggars can't be
                choosers', they mean that you should not reject
                an offer or a particular course of action,
                because it is the only one ivhich is available
                to you.

                bells

                26

                'So would you be happy to work wherever
                you got a job?' 'Initially, yeah. I mean. I think
                initially you've got to take anything that comes
                around because beggars can't be choosers.'
                There are part time jobs in the paper, and
                beggars can't be choosers. But you have to
                weigh up whether or not they are financially
                viable, or actually worth less than income sup
                port.

                begging
                go begging

                4

                If something goes begging, it is wasted or
                not used, even though people do not need to
                make much effort to use it.
                nearly half a million holidays for the busiest
                six weeks of the year are still going begging.
                Paintings by pop artist Andy Warhol went
                begging for the second night in a row last
                night at Christie's auction house.

                bell
                ring a bell
                4
                If something rings a bell, it is slightly familiar
                to you and you are aware that you
                have heard it before, although you may not
                remember it fully.
                •Who?' he queried. 'Passing Clouds? I simply
                don't remember them. Their name doesn't ring
                a bell.'
                The sergeant made notes while she talked.
                'I'll check and see if we've anything on him, ' he
                said. 'It doesn't ring a bell at the moment '
                ring someone's bell
                If someone or something rings your bell,
                you find them very attractive, exciting, or sat
                isfying. This is an informal expression, which
                is used mainly in American English.
                Well, truthfully, after a couple of comedies
                that didn't exactly ring my bell, l thought I'd
                like to do something that is very unusual, that
                hadn't oeen seen before.
                saved by the bell
                People say ‘saved by the bell* when they
                are in a difficult situation and at the last possible
                moment something happens which allows
                them to escape from it.
                There was another period of silence It was
                broken by the sound of Eleanor's car pulling
                up outside the front door. 'Saved by the bell, ' l
                said
                And we are saved by the bell. The telephone
                rings, for once a timely distraction.

                bells
                alarm bells ring
                warning bells ring

                444

                If something sets alarm bells ringing or if
                an alarm bell starts to ring, people begin to


                    evince -p 46 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

                bellyful
                be aware of a problem in a situation. You can
                also talk about warning bells ringing.
                The islanders' fight for compensation has set
                alarm bells ringing round the world.
                That company had raised over five million
                dollars for its launch and promptly went
                broke. The alarm bells started ringing.
                He didn't understand the half of it but warning
                bells were beginning to ring in the back of
                his mind.

                bells and whistles

                4

                If you refer to bells and whistles, you are
                referring to special features or other things
                which are not essential parts of something,
                but which are added to make it more attrac

                tive or interesting.
                People also crave anxiety-five products - simple
                items without lots of fancy bells and whistles
                and complex instructions.
                Computers, car phones, fax machines, voice
                mail - all these things might seem like so
                many bells and whistles to some.

                bellyful
                have a bellyful
                If you say that you have had a bellyful of
                something, you mean that you find it very irritating
                or boring, and you do not want to experience
                it any longer. This is an informal ex
                pression.
                I have had a bellyful of excuses. It's always

                someone else's fault.

                belly-up
                go belly-up

                44

                If a company goes belly-up, it fails and does
                not have enough money to pay its debts.
                Considering that it is not unknown for insurance
                companies to go belly-up in the current
                hard times, it is as well for customers to bear
                in mind that the cheapest cover is unlikely to

                be the best.

                Factories and farms went belly up because of

                the debt crisis.

                belt
                below the belt

                4

                If you describe what someone has done as
                below the belt, you mean that it is unfair or
                cruel.
                Highly sensitive information about another
                Person can often be used as a weapon against
                them, and these kinds of blows below the belt
                ore the surest way to destroy a friendship or

                love affair

                bend

                27

                Depending on whose version you believe, the
                People's Party has suffered either a deep humiliation
                or a blow below the belt from its political
                rivals.

                belt and braces
                If you say that someone has a belt and
                braces approach to doing something, you
                mean that they take extra precautions to
                make sure that it will work properly. This ex
                pression is used in British English.
                A trawl of the computer system should reveal
                if customers were charged too much. ‘It is a
                belt and braces approach to weed out irregularities,
                ' said the bank.
                He described airport security as an overly belt
                and braces approach, at huge cost to industry.

                tighten your belt
                444
                If you have to tighten your belt, you must
                spend less and live more carefully because
                you have less money than you used to have.
                Clearly, if you are spending more than your
                income, you'll need to tighten your belt.
                He recently announced the club will have to
                tighten its belt next season, saying he will lower
                wages and sell players.
                You can also talk about belt-tightening
                The nation's second largest bank announced
                a series of layoffs and other belt tightening
                measures today to counteract heavy losses.
                Yesterday's vote means that Greeks are prepared
                to accept a period of belt tightening.

                under your belt

                444

                If you have something under your belt, you
                have already achieved it or done it.
                He'll need a few more games under his belt
                before he's ready for international football
                After a few years, I had enough recipes under
                my belt to put them into a book.
                Today, with the Nobel Peace Prize under her
                belt, she is a stateswoman of world renown

                bend
                44
                round the bend
                If you say that someone is round the bend.
                you think that their ideas or behaviour are
                very strange or foolish. This is an informal
                expression, which is used more commonly in

                British English than American Round the
                twist means the same.
                Before I got involved in this I actually used to
                look at mountaineers and think they were a lit
                tie bit round the bend
                If anyone told me a few months ago that I'd
                meet a marvellous person like you I'd have
                said they were round the bend
                If you say that someone goes or is driven
                round the bend, you mean that they start behaving
                or thinking very strangely or foolish
                ly. This is often as a result of being very frustrated
                or irritated by someone or something.
                It's a lovely little place to visit, but 1 can see
                this bloke going round the bend there after
                spending all his working life in Rome.


                    evince -p 47 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

                benefit
                Can you make that tea before your fidgeting
                drives me completely round the bend.

                benefit
                someone

                give

                doubt

                the

                benefit

                of

                the
                444

                If you give someone the benefit of the
                doubt, you decide to believe that what they

                are saying or doing is honest and right, even
                though it is possible that they are not telling
                the truth or that they are doing something
                wrong.
                / am basically a trusting person. I make it a
                practice to give everyone the benefit of the
                doubt. So I suppose that's why it took me so
                long to catch on.
                The electorate, usually ready to give Tory economic
                policies the benefit of the doubt, may be
                on the verge of thinking that Labour could do
                better

                berth
                give someone a wide berth
                4
                If you give someone or something a wide
                berth, you deliberately avoid them.
                I wouldn 't mess with people like that, not me.
                I give them a wide berth.
                Having lived all my adult life in Africa l
                have a very healthy respect for snakes and
                have always tried to give them a wide berth.

                bet
                a good bet: 1
                a safe bet

                444

                If you tell someone that something would be
                a good bet or a safe bet, you are advising
                them that it would be a sensible or useful
                thing to do.
                As sales of suits continue to decline, the jacket
                you can wear with several different pairs of
                trousers has to be a good bet.
                When you're unfamiliar with your guests'
                likes and dislikes, poultry is a safe bet for the
                main

                course.

                If you say that something would be a better
                bet or a safer bet. you mean that it
                would be more sensible or useful than anoth
                er possibility. If you say that something is
                someone's best bet or safest bet, you mean
                that it is the most sensible or useful thing to
                do

                Of course, not everyone looking for their first
                property wants a flat. You should weigh the
                pros and cons carefully before deciding whether
                a house would be a better bet.
                Basing a drama series on a book is a far saf
                er bet than commissioning one from scratch.
                If you really want to keep your home safe
                from robbery, your best bet is still to buy a
                dog.

                bib

                28

                a good bet: 2
                a safe bet

                44

                If you say that it is a good bet or a safe
                bet that something will happen, you mean
                that it is very likely to happen. If someone is
                a good bet or a safe bet for something, they
                are very likely to do that thing.
                But they will not enjoy reading this book; it
                is a safe bet that few will read more than 100
                pages.
                Mr Menem remains a good bet for re-election.
                With a collection of talented individuals now
                playing as a team, Leeds United look a good
                bet to reach the final for the first time since
                1978.

                bets
                4
                all bets are off
                If someone says ‘all bets are ofT. they
                mean that it is impossible to say how a par

                ticular situation may develop.
                This election year all bets seem to be off In
                fact, even the folks who make a living predicting
                what the voters will do find themselves on
                shaky ground.

                It's Scorsese's first period drama, so all bets

                are off until we see how the cast cope in the

                costumes.

                hedge your bets
                44
                If you say that someone Is hedging their
                bets, you mean that they are avoiding making
                decisions, or are committing themselves to
                more than one thing, so that they will not
                make a mistake, whichever way the situation
                develops.
                The Rev Donald Reeves hedges his bets on
                whether Carey is the leader the Church needs
                in troubled times. 7 don 't really know him so I
                can 't really say. '
                Political forecasters are hedging their bets
                about the likely outcome of this Saturday's
                Louisiana governor's race.

                bib
                your best bib and tucker
                If you are wearing your best bib and tucker,
                you are wearing your best clothes, for example
                because you are going to a very impor
                tant or formal event. This is an old-fashioned
                expression

                The Middle East peace conference kicks off on
                October 30th in Madrid with all the guests on
                the invitation list promising to turn up on time
                in best bib and tucker.
                They had a guest so she got dressed in her
                best bib and tucker and she went downstairs.


                    evince -p 48 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

                big
                big

                get too big for your boots
                4
                get too big for your britches
                In British English, if you say that someone
                is getting too big for their boots, you are
                criticizing them for behaving as if they are
                much more important or clever than they really
                are. Other verbs can be used instead of
                •get'.
                Get too big for their boots, kids these days.
                Think the whole universe should revolve round
                them.
                Nobody in England will ever allow us to be

                come too big for our boots.
                I was often accused of being too

                big for my

                boots.
                In American English, you say that someone
                is getting too big for their britches.
                We both know your brother ain't the marrying
                kind. To say nothing of his being too big
                for his britches since he struck it rich.

                bike
                on your bike

                bind

                29

                4

                People say *on your bike' when they are
                telling someone to go away or stop behaving
                in a foolish way. This is an informal expres
                sion, which is used in British English.
                It was a heated game, and when I got Alec I
                just said something like 'You're out mate, on
                your bike. ' Alec had a few words back and so
                it went. But it was all friendly in the bar after

                wards.
                It would be appropriate to say Your Royal
                Highness first time, then we could call her
                Ma'am. On your bike. / thought. I'm not having
                that. She's only written two books. I've
                done stacks.
                This expression is often used to say that
                someone has been sacked from their job.
                By the end of the week Neilsen had been told
                to get on his bike by new boss Jim Duffy.
                ‘Get us promoted or get on yer bike!' That's
                Derby's ultimatum to their manager Arthur
                Cox after their disappointing season.
                This expression is sometimes spelled ‘on
                yer bike', to represent an informal pronunciation
                of 'your'.

                bill
                bill and coo
                If you say that two lovers are billing and
                cooing, you mean that they are talking together
                in an intimate and loving way. This an
                old-fashioned or literary expression, which
                some people use to indicate that they think
                this behaviour is inappropriate.
                Jenny decided to end their marriage when she
                caught Paolo billing and cooing down the
                Phone to an ex-girlfriend.

                I just have to stand there grinding my teeth
                while they bill and coo.

                a clean bill of health:1

                44

                If someone is given a dean bill of health.
                they are told that they are completely fit and
                healthy.
                He had a full medical late last year and was
                given a clean bill of health
                Great Britain coach Mai Reilly, delighted to
                receive a clean bill of health for his 19-man
                squad, names his side today
                a clean bill of health: 2
                44
                If something is given a clean bill of health,
                it is examined or considered and then judged
                to be in a satisfactory condition.
                Fourteen seasule resorts failed to meet the environmental
                and safety standards, while 43

                were given a clean bill of health.
                The bottom line of that intensive study was

                that the chemical industry got an environmental
                clean bill of health.

                tit the bill
                fill the bill
                444
                If someone or something fits the bill, they
                are exactly the right person or thing that is
                needed in a particular situation. You can also
                say that someone or something fills the bill
                / wanted someone who really knew their way
                around film-making and l knew that Richard
                would fit the bill.
                Finding somewhere peaceful to paint was the
                main priority of artists Jenny Partridge and
                Nigel Casseldine when it came to finding a
                home - and their 1 7th<entury house perched on
                a remote hillside certainly fits the bill.
                ‘Tea? Coffee?' ‘Coffee would just fill the bill. '

                foot the bill

                444

                If you have to foot the bill for something,
                you have to pay for it.
                Police will have to foot the bill for the slight
                damage to both cars.
                Though the government is supportive, companies
                foot most of the bill.
                It is increasingly recognised that to expect the
                insurance industry to foot the entire bill for
                pollution would bankrupt it

                sell someone a bill of goods
                If you have been sold a bill of goods, you
                have been deceived or told something that is
                not true. This expression is used in American
                English.
                / began to realize that I'd been sold a bill of
                goods, that I wasn't in any way incompetent or

                slothful.

                bind
                a double bind

                4

                If you are in a double bind, you are in a
                very difficult situation, because you have


                    evince -p 49 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

                bird
                problems that cannot be solved easily or without
                causing more problems.
                He was in a classic double bind, with the
                Chinese suspecting him and his Cabinet of sup
                porting the guerrillas, while the guerrillas considered
                them mere tools cf the Chinese.
                Battered women especially are in a double
                bind. Leaving the batterer is, in many cases,
                more dangerous than remaining.

                bird
                the bird has flown
                If you are looking for someone and you say

                that the bird has flown, you mean that they
                have escaped or disappeared.
                He'd been told to follow the woman to work
                and sit outside the Health Centre till she came
                out again. Instead he'd wandered off God
                knows where, come back at her normal leaving
                time and found the bird had flown.

                a bird in the hand
                a bird in the hand is worth two in the
                bush
                If you refer to something that you have as a
                bird in the hand, you mean that it is better
                to keep it than to try to get something better
                and risk having nothing at all.
                Another temporary discount may not be what
                you want, but at least it is a bird in the hand.
                This expression comes from the proverb a
                bird in the hand is worth two in the bush.
                Some are convinced that nothing short of rehousing
                the entire collection in a new, perhaps
                purpose-built, structure will solve its problems.
                'A bird in the hand is worth two in the bush, '
                counters Mr Partington.

                a bird of passage
                If you describe someone as a bird of passage,
                you mean that they never stay in one
                place for long.
                Most of these emigrants were birds of passage
                who returned to Spain after a relatively short
                stay.

                the early bird catches the worm
                an early bird
                If you tell someone that the early bird
                catches the worm, you are advising them
                that if they want to do something successfully
                then they should start as soon as they can.
                If you 're going to make it to the Senate, you
                need to start right now. The early bird catches
                the worm.
                Portobello and Bermondsey markets are rewarding
                for early risers; most of the serious
                buying there happens between six and eight o'
                clock in the morning and it is very much the
                case that the early bird catches the worm.
                You can refer to someone who gets up early
                in the morning or who does something before
                other people as an early bird. Early

                bird

                30

                bird can also be used to describe things that
                are available to these people.
                We've always been early birds, up at 5.30 or
                6am.

                The restaurant's 'early-bird specials'
                cheaper food to early-evening diners.

                offer

                An early-bird discount is sometimes available
                at the beginning of the season.

                eat like a bird
                If you say that someone eats like a bird,
                you mean that they do not eat very much.
                I wanted to see if there was still a lust for the
                life she once enjoyed - the champagne, the
                chauffeur-driven cars - but there wasn't a flicker.
                She ate like a bird, was inclined to refuse a
                glass of wine, and was only interested in talk
                ing about her work.
                She always orders two larger chops and one
                smaller chop because her daughter eats like a
                bird and her husband eats a lot.

                give someone the bird: 1

                get the bird
                If an audience gives an entertainer or

                sports player the bird, they shout at them to
                show their disapproval of them. You can also
                say that the entertainer or sports player gets
                the bird. These are old fashioned expressions,
                which are used in British English.
                He made a couple of mistakes and the crowd
                immediately gave him the bird. That got to
                him and things went from bad to worse.
                Eddie had once been top of the bill And then
                one evening, he got the bird.

                give someone the bird: 2
                If someone gives you the bird, they make a
                rude and offensive gesture with one hand,
                with their middle finger pointing up and their
                other fingers bent over in a fist, in order to
                show their contempt, anger, or defiance of
                you. This expression is used mainly in Ameri
                can English.
                Chip took a break from telling sundry adoring
                females how beautiful their eyes were to

                surreptitiously give Alex the bird Alex swiftly
                returned the gesture only to find himself embroiled
                in a heated slanging match.

                a little bird told me
                If you say that a little bird told you a piece
                of information, you mean that you are not going
                to say how you found out about it or who
                told it to you. This expression is considered
                old-fashioned in American English.
                Incidentally, a little bird tells me that your
                birthday's coming up.
                7 couldn't resist coming over to say hello,'
                she cooed The black eyes stared at her. the
                mouth puffed cigar smoke in her direction. ‘A
                little bird told me you're Lorelei le Neve.'


                    evince -p 50 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

                birds
                a

                rare bird

                4

                If you describe someone or something as a
                rare bird, you mean that there are not many
                people or things like them.
                The great crime reporters, unfortunately rather
                rare birds nowadays, consorted with

                criminals.

                Diane Johnson's book is that rare bird, an

                American novel of manners.

                birds
                the birds and the bees

                4

                People sometimes describe sex and sexual
                reproduction as the birds and the bees.
                usually because they find it embarrassing to
                talk about these things openly, or because
                they are trying to be humorous to hide the
                fact that they find it embarrassing.
                At the age of 16 l remember having yet anoth
                er discussion about the birds and the bees with
                my father.
                That girl's as interested in the birds and the
                bees as she is in every blessed other thing you

                can think of.
                birds of a feather
                birds of a feather flock together
                If you describe two or more people as birds
                of a feather, you mean that they are very
                similar in many ways.
                / think l envied her relationship with our
                mother. She and my mother were birds of a
                feather. You felt something special between
                them that left you out.
                We're birds of a feather, you and me. Mr

                Plimpton.
                This expression comes from the proverb
                birds of a feather flock together, which
                means that people from the same group or
                with the same interests like to be with each

                Q

                other.
                Birds of a feather flock together. Basically.
                people seek out neighborhoods that are most
                congenial to them
        for the birds  __
                If you say that something is for the birds,
                you think that it is stupid, boring, or worth less
                This journal business is for the birds. It's a waste of time.
                This idea that everybody can go to college
                and pay it off by public service is for the birds.
                kill two birds with one stone
                4
                If you kill two birds with one stone, you
                fnanage to achieve two things at the same

                hme.

                We can talk about Union Hill while l get this
                Kill two birds with one

                business over with.
                stone. so to speak.

                Dite

                31

                He had been on his way to the vegetable
                man's van. both to purchase some cucumbers

                for his

                mother and

                - two birds with one stone

                - to seek out Mr Halloran.

                biscuit
                take the biscuit

                4

                In British English, if you say that someone
                or something takes the biscuit, you are expressing
                surprise or anger at their extreme
                behaviour or qualities. Take the cake means
                the same.
                For dirty tricks I can assure you it is the
                medical practices that really take the biscuit.
                I've heard some odd things in my day but
                that took the biscuit.
                This ban takes the biscuit. The whole idea is
                ridiculous and bureaucratic and not fair on
                the children.

                bit
                champ at the bit
                chomp at the bit
                4
                If you are champing at the bit or are
                chomping at the bit. you are impatient lo do
                something, but are prevented from doing it,
                usually by circumstances that you have no
                control over. The verb ‘chafe' is sometimes
                used instead of 'champ' or 'chomp'.
                Foremen had been champing at the bit to
                strike before next week's meeting.
                He had three of Goldman 's best clients
                chomping at the bit to get a piece of this deal
                I'd better get this thing sorted out. or you'll
                be chafing at the bit at all the wasted time.
                get the bit between your teeth
                4
                If you get the bit between your teeth, you
                become very enthusiastic and determined
                about doing a particular job or task. The
                verbs 'have' and 'take' can be used instead of
                get'.

                You're persistent when you get the bit between
                your teeth. I'll say that for you.
                It's going to be difficult against Leeds United
                but the lads have got the bit between their
                teeth.
                y's about time the government took the bit
                between its teeth and made it compulsory for
                drivers to attend proper driving courses.

                bite
                4
                bite off more than you can chew
                If you say that someone has bitten ofT
                more than they can chew, you mean that

                they are trying to do something that is far too
                difficult for them to manage.
                It was fair to wonder if l could even memo
                rize the text, much less perform it. John, who
                suffered from nerves in the theatre, was
                terrified that l had bitten off more than 1 could
                chew.

                always


                    evince -p 51 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

                biter

                black

                32

                Don't bite off more than you can chew simply
                because everything is going so well
                a second bite at the cherry
                4
                two bites of the cherry
                If you get a second bite at the cherry or
                have two bites of the cherry, you have a second
                chance to do something, especiaUy some
                thing that you failed at the first time. You can
                also say that you have another bite at the
                cherry. These expressions are used in British

                Do not expect Tokyo's punters, once bitten, to
                come rushing back for more.

                black
                black and blue

                44

                English.
                We might, if we push hard enough, get a second
                bite at the cherry in two years' time.
                I've had two bites of the cherry. Which was
                rather nice because all the mistakes / made
                with the first one, I hope I haven't repeated.
                Several senior England players keep bidding
                farewell only to come back for another bite at
                the cherry.

                If a part of your body is black and blue, it
                is badly bruised.
                I didn't realise how clumsy I am. I was black
                and blue for three months.
                I spent that night in hospital and was released
                the next day with minor head and neck
                injuries. My face was black and blue.
                If someone is beaten black and blue, they
                are physically attacked and badly bruised.
                They pulled my hair out and beat me black
                and blue.
                A distraught mother has been ordered to
                hand over her twin daughters to the husband
                she claims beat her black and blue.

                4
                take a bite out of something
                If something takes a bite out of a sum of
                money or other quantity, it takes away a part

                -4-4
                black and white
                If someone sees things in black and white,
                they see complex issues in simple terms of

                of it. This expression is used mainly in
                American English.
                There is going to be a continuing growth in
                state and local taxes, so that they are going to
                be taking a bigger bite out of people's income
                than they ever have before.
                But some of us, myself included, frankly,
                think we ought to have additional cuts in order
                to take a bigger bite out of the deficit

                right and wrong. If a situation appears black
                and white, it seems to be a simple question
                of right and wrong, although it may in fact be
                very complex. These expressions are often
                used to criticize people who treat complex
                things in a very simple way.
                That is not, any more, an accurate portrait of
                much of British society. People do not see these
                things purely in black and white.
                She is still a champion of oversimplification,
                seeing issues in black and white.
                The thing is not as black and white as the
                media have said.
                You can also talk about a black and white
                question or issue, or about seeing things in
                black and white terms.
                People think this is a sort of black and white
                issue that's very simple and that you can just
                make a decision.
                The media portray the news in black-andwhite terms.

                biter
                the biter gets bit
                You can say that the biter gets bit when
                someone suffers as a result of their own actions,
                especially when they were intending to
                hurt someone else. This expression is used In
                British English.
                Sympathy seldom abounds when the biter
                gets bit.
                'Monday's vote.' one insider said, 'was a ques
                tion of the biter getting bitten. '
                Garner's victory was a case of the biter being

                bit

                bitten
                once bitten, twice shy
                once bitten

                4

                People say ‘once bitten, twice shy' when
                they are explaining that a recent and unpleas
                ant personal experience has made them very
                cautious about getting involved in similar
                situations in the future. Sometimes people
                just say ‘once bitten'.
                I'm certainly not looking for new boyfriends
                or thinking of having any more
                kuis. Once bit
                ten,
                twice shy.

                Before / could kick him he had scampered off
                again. Once bitten,
                twice shy. probably.

                in black and white

                44

                If you say that something is in black and
                white, you mean that you have written proof
                of it.
                You know, we've seen it. It's written right
                here in black and white.
                We have a strict, clear rule in black and
                white, that sexual harassment will lead to expulsion.
                444
                in the black
                If a person or organization is in the black.
                they do not owe anyone any money. Compare
                in the red; see red
                Building societies stand to pick up waves of
                deserters from the high street banks, if the
                leading banks opt to end free banking for current
                account customers who stay in the black.


                    evince -p 52 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

                blank
                Ixist year, the company was back in the
                of £4.6

                black, showing a modest pre tax surplus

                million.
                not as black as you are painted
                If you say that someone is not as black as
                they are painted, you mean that they are not
                as bad as other people say they are. This is
                an informal expression, which some people
                consider offensive.
                They had a strong mutual dislike of each other.
                I once said to Hilda, 'She's not as black as
                you paint her. '
                I personally think that you are not so black
                as you have painted yourself.

                blank
                44
                draw a blank: 1
                If you are trying to find someone or something
                and you draw a blank, you cannot find
                them If you are trying to find out about
                something and you draw a blank, you fail to

                find out about it.
                1 searched among the bottles and under and
                behind and inside everything I could think of
                and drew a blank.
                We asked If they'd been in. We drew a blank.
                We know a lot about what it does in mam
                mats, birds, fish and reptiles, but we tend to
                draw a blank when it comes to humans.

                draw a blank: 2
                If you draw a blank, you are unable to remember
                something or to answer a question
                you are asked. This expression is used mainly
                in American English.
                They asked him what reform policies China
                still plans to pursue. Mr. Yao seemed to draw
                a blank. Finally an aide prompted him.
                Why do we recognise a face, but sometimes
                draw a blank when it comes to the name?

                draw a blank: 3
                In a sporting contest, if a team or competitor
                draws a blank, they do not score any
                goals or points, or win any races. This expression
                is used mainly in British journalism.
                Hangers drew a blank at Hibernian
                the
                champions were held nil-niL
                He now leads Pat Eddery, who drew a blank,
                19-66 in the title race.

                -

                blanket
                a wet blanket: 1

                _

                If you say that someone is a wet blanket.
                mean that they spoil other people's fun

                you

                because they are boring or miserable.

                She made a visible effort to shake her blues.
                'I'm sorry if I've been a wet blanket. '

                Hey', said Thack, looking at Michael. ‘Stop

                I>eing such a wet blanket.'

                blind

                33

                a wet blanket: 2
                If something throws a wet blanket over an
                event or situation, it makes it less successful
                or enjoyable than it would otherwise have

                been.
                Barre is worried that the Clinton economic
                plan will throw a wet blanket over the recovery.
                In the year since then, the long wet blanket of
                the law has smothered the life of the free festival
                movement

                bleed
                bleed someone dry
                bleed someone white

                44

                If a person, organization, or country is bled
                dry, they are made weak, for example by being
                forced to use up all their money or resources.
                You can also say that someone is
                bled white.
                The English bled my parents' country dry
                just like they have bled Scotland dry.
                He extorted money from me on a regular ha
                sis for five years. But he was careful not to

                bleed me dry.
                The most ludicrous and tragic spectacle on
                earth is to see a powerful nation bleeding itself
                white to build up vast heaps of armaments to
                put down a menace that cannot be put down
                by military

                means at all.

                blessing
                a blessing in disguise
                44
                if you describe an event as a blessing in
                disguise, you mean that it causes problems
                and difficulties at first, but later it turns out
                to bring great benefits or advantages.
                Franklin's illness proved a blessing in dis
                guise, for it gave him strength and courage
                which he had not had before.
                The defeat might be a blessing in disguise she now avoids a Quarter final clash with
                America's Linda Harvey-Wild.
                Other observers feel the split may be a bless
                ing in disguise for the organization.

                blind
                blind as a bat
                If you say that someone is as blind as a
                mean that they cannot see very well.
                Everyone knew that Mary Nolan had been
                blind as a bat for years - she'd even suffered a
                damaging fall not so long ago, too.
                Without my glasses I was blind as a bat
                the blind leading the blind
                You can describe a situation as the blind
                leading the blind when the person in charge
                is just as incapable of doing the task as the
                person who they are meant to be helping or
                bat, you

                guiding.


                    evince -p 53 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

                blink
                If Cedric was going to work with Eric, it
                would be the blind leading the blind.
                Their attempts to help the Third World poor
                were rather like the blind leading the blind
                This expression is sometimes varied by replacing
                ‘blind' with another adjective appro
                priate to the subject that is being talked
                about.
                His work certainly shocked the critics at his
                1976 exhibition at New York's Museum of Modem
                Art. One damned it as an example of 'the
                banal leading the banal'
                fly blind
                If someone is flying blind in a situation,
                they do not have anything to help or guide
                them.
                IVe will be flying blind into a world we don't
                know anything about.
                With billions of dollars at stake, the two
                presidents weren't willing to boost their offer
                while they were flying blind
                swear blind

                4

                If someone swears blind that something is
                true, they insist that they are telling you the
                truth, even though you are not sure whether
                or not to believe them. This expression is
                used in British English; the American expres
                sion is swear up and down.
                He had a reputation for being a bit of a phi
                landerer but he swore blind that he had met
                the right girl in me and said he wanted to settle
                down.
                Ron Atkinson swears blind that he bears no
                grudges against Manchester United for sacking
                him, but the atmosphere at Villa Park reeked
                Of vengeance last night.

                blink
                on the blink

                4

                A piece of machinery that is on the blink is
                not working properly.
                We had to have the washing done at the
                laundry because our machine was on the blink.
                The first computer went on the blink last

                Sunday.

                block
                on the block

                blood

                34

                your neck on the block, you risk your reputation
                or position by taking a particular
                course of action. ‘Lay' can be used instead of
                and ‘chopping block' can be used in
                stead of ‘block'.
                When the Prime Minister called a by-election
                in his own constituency, he put his head on the
                block.
                He really put his neck on the block there and
                it's great to see his bravery being rewarded.
                I don't know whether I can do what you want
                or not, and 1 am not going to put my head on
                the chopping block.
                -4-4-4
                a stumbling block
                A stumbling block is a problem which
                stops you from achieving something.
                US plans to produce some new, advanced
                chemical weapons have presented a stumbling
                block.
                Officials did not say what the proposals contained,
                but they reportedly address some of the
                main stumbling blocks in the negotiations.
                Your inability to choose between material security
                and emotional needs is a major stum
                bling block to your happiness

                blocks
                off the blocks: 1
                out of the blocks
                ofT the starting blocks

                4

                Off the blocks, out of the blocks, and off
                the starting blocks are used in expressions
                which tell you how quickly someone starts to
                do something. For example, if someone is
                'first out of the blocks', they start to do something
                before everyone else.
                The Liberal Democrats were first off the
                blocks with their manifesto on Monday.
                Ontario was not fast off the starting blocks in
                developing any systematic intervention aimed
                at land conservation.
                off the starting blocks: 2

                off the blocks
                out of the blocks
                If someone gets off the starting blocks, off
                the blocks, or out of the blocks, they succeed
                in starting to do something, often despite

                444

                If something is put on the block, it is offered
                for sale at auction. This expression is
                used in American English; the British expression
                is under the hammer.
                last week, after months of rumors, the com
                pany officially put itself on the block.
                The team's money worries had forced them to
                put the club on the block.
                put your head on the block
                put your neck on the block
                4
                If you put your head on the block or put

                difficulties.
                People thought I was totally mad and, if they
                think that, then you just can't get off the starting
                block
                'All we need is to get started, ' said manager
                Graeme Souness beforehand To help him off
                the starting blocks he had 31-year-old Whelan
                back after a six months' absence with a thigh
                injury.

                blood
                after your blood
                If someone is after your blood, they want to


                    evince -p 54 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

                blood
                harm or punish you, because you have
                harmed them or made them angry.
                Adam has upset Broderick who is after his

                blood.

                The entire street gang network of New York is

                after their blood.
                bad blood

                44

                If there is bad blood between two people or
                groups, they have hostile feelings towards
                each other because of the arguments or quar
                rels they have had in the past.
                The situation has reached crisis point because
                of the bad blood between the two.
                Ever since the days of the Revolution there
                had always been bad blood between the two
                arms of the Soviet security forces.
                Mr I-evy said his relations with officials have
                been very friendly. There is no bad blood.

                4
                bay for blood
                If you say that people are baying for blood,
                you mean that they are demanding that a par
                ticular person should be hurt or punished, because
                of something that person has done. This
                expression is used in British English.
                The travel company had just buried itself
                with debts of more than £l2m and thousands of
                disappointed holidaymakers were baying for
                blood.
                A large number of shareholders are now baying
                for his blood and although he owns a mas
                sive 15 percent of his company, he will be lucky
                to survive.
                The tabloids have bayed for the blood of the
                killer, insisting on a custodial sentence.

                blood and thunder
                If you describe a speech or performance as blood and thunder, you mean that it is full of exaggerated feelings or behaviour. This expression is used in British English.
                In a blood -and thunder speech, he called for sacrifice from everyone.
                There's enough blood, thunder and smouldering passion to keep you watching.

                blood is shed: I
                blood is spilled

                blood

                35

                444

                When someone talks about blood being
                shed or blood being spilled, they mean that
                People are being killed in fighting. These expressions
                are used mainly in journalism and
                literary writing.
                All the signs are that if blood is spilled the
                countries will be at war.
                The Surinam Embassy in the Hague said no
                blood had been spilt.
                This is the main region where blood is being
                shed
                bjood is shed: 2
                blood is spilled
                People sometimes talk about blood being

                shed or blood being spilled when hardship
                is caused as a result of a change taking place.
                Given the political blood that was spilled over
                the deficit reduction package, few observers believe
                the Congress and the president will do an
                about-face and start spending more.

                blood is thicker than water
                When people say ‘blood is thicker than
                water', they mean that someone's loyalty to
                their family is greater than their loyalty to
                anyone else.
                Families have their problems and jealousies.
                but blood is thicker than water.
                ‘If Colonel Roosevelt is a candidate. ' he told a
                reporter, T will not run against him. You
                know blood is thicker than water.'

                blood, sweat, and tears
                44
                If you say that a task or project involves
                blood, sweat, and tears, you mean that it is
                very hard to carry out and needs a lot of effort
                or suffering.
                Forget the battle honours: what about the
                toil? The blood, sweat and tears?
                That day he started work at the company
                which his wife Pat had spilled blood, sweat
                and tears to form.
                It's almost as If the end product the songs
                themselves are less important than the blood.
                sweat and tears that went into them.
                People sometimes vary this expression by
                replacing one of the nouns with a noun relevant
                to the subject they are talking about.
                It seemed absurd to be told to sum up a story
                that has taken years of blood, sweat and creativity
                in ‘25 words or less'.

                -

                have blood on your hands
                have bloody hands
                If you say that someone has blood on their
                hands or has bloody hands, you are accusing
                them of being responsible for a death, or
                for the deaths of several people.
                Members of a crowd that gathered outside his
                residence said he had blood on his hands.
                I want him to know he has my son's blood on
                his hands.
                America befriended dictators with bloody
                hands.

                in cold blood

                444

                If you say that one person killed another in
                cold blood, you mean that they did it in a
                calm and deliberate way, rather than in anger
                or self-defence. People often use this expression
                to express shock or horror at a killing.
                They murdered my brother. They shot him
                down in cold blood
                She was executed in cold blood while her boyfriend
                looked on helplessly.
                D You can describe a killing as cold-blooded


                    evince -p 55 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

                blood
                or say that the person who did it is coldblooded.
                This is just another attempt to excuse the
                cold-blooded murder of an innocent woman.
                The argument is self-defence, but it is clear to
                Blackburn that she is a cold-blooded killer.
                44
                in your blood
                If you say that something is in your blood,
                you mean that it is a very important part of
                you and seems natural to you, for example because
                it is traditional in your family or culture.
                Trilok has music in his blood. 7 was born
                into a family of musicians. '
                Politics is in his blood. He is the 18thgeneration head of a family of feudal rulers in
                Kumamoto in southern Japan.
                He has Africa in his blood, having lived.
                worked and travelled there for many years.
                like getting blood out of a stone
                like getting blood out of a turnip
                If you have difficulty persuading someone to
                give you money or information, you can say
                that it is like getting blood out of a stone.
                In American English, you can also say that it
                is like getting blood out of a turnip.
                The goods have to be returned to their rightful
                owner and getting money back from the
                seller is like getting blood JTom a stone.
                "You do make it difficult, don't you?' Hebburn
                said at last. 'It's like getting blood out of a
                stone.'
                People sometimes vary these expressions,
                using other verbs instead of ‘get'.
                Congressman James Moran said 'There is no
                money. You can't squeeze blood out of a turnip.'

                make your blood boil
                someone's blood boils

                44

                If you say that something makes your
                blood boil, you mean that it makes you very
                angry. When you are very angry about something,
                you can say that your blood boils.
                This statement is untrue and makes my blood
                boil.
                It makes my blood boil. He doesn't like the
                players yet he's always trying to interfere.
                My blood boiled, but / tried to answer as
                simply and directly as possible.

                make your blood run cold
                make your blood freeze

                blood

                36

                4

                If you say that something makes your
                blood run cold or makes your blood freeze,
                you mean that it frightens or shocks you a
                great deal. When you are extremely fright
                ened or shocked, you can say that your blood
                runs cold or your blood freezes. All these
                expressions are used mainly in novels.
                The rage in his eyes made her blood run cold.

                It makes my blood run cold to think what
                this poor, helpless child must have gone
                through.
                Then his blood froze. For there in the crowd
                was the one face he didn't want to see
                You can use blood-freezing before a noun,
                to indicate that something is extremely fright
                ening or shocking.
                It's a blood-freezing image of corrupted inno
                cence.

                new blood
                fresh blood

                444

                If you talk about new blood or fresh blood,
                you are referring to new people who are
                brought into a company or orgaryzation to
                make it more efficient, exciting, or innovative

                Compare young blood.
                The group is understood to be looking for a
                permanent replacement to bring new blood to
                the role of chief executive.
                The July Ministerial reshuffle is a chance to
                freshen up the government and make way for

                new blood.

                out for blood
                If people are out for blood, they intend to
                attack someone, or to make them suffer in
                some other way.
                They seem to be out for blood, and they're attacking
                everywhere where their enemy is.

                scent blood
                taste blood

                4

                In a competitive situation, if you scent
                blood, you sense a weakness in your opponent
                and take advantage of it If you taste
                blood, you have a small victory and this encourages
                you to think that you can defeat
                your opponent completely.
                Right wing parties, scenting blood, have been
                holding talks aimed at building an alternative
                coalition.
                The real opposition to the Government continues
                to be its own backbenchers who have
                now tasted blood for the first lime.
                You can also say that someone gets a scent
                of blood or a taste of blood.
                The market has got the scent of blood and,
                having sniffed it. they are going for it.

                sweat blood

                4

                You can say that you are sweating blood to
                emphasize that you are working very hard to
                achieve something.
                I have been sweating blood over the question
                of what is right and feasible to do.
                I sweat blood to write songs with tunes that
                you can remember
                4
                young blood
                If you talk about young blood, you are referring
                to young people who are brought into
                a company or organization in order to pro

                    evince -p 56 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

                blot
                vide new ideas or new talent. Compare new

                blood
                j left medicine anyway. I wasn't

                the family
                for it, and
                young blood.

                really

                cut out

                business was in need

                of

                The selectors have at last shown some bravery
                and forward thinking and gone for some
                young blood, fielding a side whose average age
                is just 26
                You can refer to young people who are full
                of enthusiasm and fresh ideas as young

                bloods.

                Ray Floyd proved he can still compete with
                the young bloods when he became the oldest
                winner of the US Open at 43.

                blot
                4
                a blot on the landscape
                If you describe a building or some other
                structure as a blot on the landscape, you
                mean that it is very ugly and spoils a place
                which would otherwise be very attractive.
                The power station is both a blot on the land
                scape and a smear on the environment.
                While country churchyards have much to
                commend them, urban cemeteries, it seemed to
                me, were blots on the landscape, dank, ugly
                and with tombstones far gone in decay.
                a blot on your escutcheon
                If there is a blot on your escutcheon, you

                have damaged your reputation by doing something
                wrong. Other nouns with a similar
                meaning can be used instead of ‘blot'. This is
                an old-fashioned expression, which is used in
                British English.
                For the leaders, this is probably a blip rather
                than a blot on the escutcheon.
                Over the past 70 years it is probably true that
                there has been only one serious stain upon the
                Conservative Party's escutcheon.

                a cause or principle, you do something which
                supports it or makes it more likely to succeed.
                If you strike a blow against something,
                you succeed in weakening its harmful effect.
                If she wins a vote of confidence in parliament,
                she will become the country's first woman
                Prime Minister. Her appointment would strike
                a blow for women's rights in Poland.
                Johan has struck a blow for equality against
                an obvious and intolerable anomaly in the law.
                "We have struck a major blow against drug
                dealing and crack manufacture in London,'
                said Drugs Squad Inspector Richard Wood
                man.

                blows
                come to blows

                44

                If two people come to blows, they disagree
                so much about something that they start to
                fight.

                Two smartly-dressed women came to blows on
                a crowded commuter train yesterday, throwing
                rush-hour services into chaos.
                Some residents nearly came to blows over this
                proposal.

                blue
                out of the blue

                444

                If something happens out of the blue, it
                happens unexpectedly.
                Could it be that these people were really un
                healthy but just didn't know about it? Or did
                the disease really strike out of the blue?
                Then, out of the blue, a solicitor's letter arrived.
                Turner's resignation came out of the blue in
                the aftermath of his team's 30 defeat at Portsmouth.

                bluff

                blow
                soften the blow
                cushion the blow

                call someone's bluff
                444

                If something softens the blow or cushions
                the blow, it makes an unpleasant change or
                Piece of news seem less unpleasant and easier
                to accept.
                Although attempts were made to soften the
                hlow. by reducing what some people had to
                Pvy. the tax still met with widespread opposi
                tion.
                Although it will reduce weekly pay packets by

                around £5ft the firm is offering to cushion the
                hlow with a £4,000 cash handout spread over

                two years and by guaranteeing jobs and minimum hours.
                *|r|ke a blow for something

                trike a blow against something
                you strike

                bluff

                37

                444

                a blow for something such as

                444

                If someone has made a threat and you call
                their bluff, you put them in a position in
                which they would be forced to do what they
                have been threatening. You do this because
                you do not really believe that they will carry
                out their threat.
                At a meeting with student representatives on
                October 12, Mr Lukanov warned that he would
                deal severely with any protest actions in the
                universities. Now that the students have called
                his bluff, it remains to be seen what Mr
                Lukanov can do.
                The Socialists have finally decided to call the
                opposition's bluff, and it looks as if they have
                succeeded. One of the three main opposition
                parties, the Radicals, have broken ranks by declaring
                that they would, after all, take part in
                the electoral contest.


                    evince -p 57 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

                blushes
                blushes
                spare someone's blushes
                44
                save someone's blushes
                If someone spares your blushes or saves
                your blushes, they do something that saves
                you from an embarrassing situation. These
                expressions are used in British English.
                Hundreds of men were spared their blushes
                yesterday when a court ruled that the names of
                a prostitute's clients should remain secret.
                Andy Gray spared Tottenham's blushes last
                night, scoring a superb goal against Enfield.
                If such a resolution was passed, it would in
                crease the feeling that the Government had lost
                control. But it would be better to pass it and
                save the pits and 30,000 miners' jobs than save
                the blushes of a politically bankrupt Government.

                board
                44
                above board
                If you describe a situation or business as
                above board, you mean that it is honest and

                If you are caught out

                in anything not strictly
                above board, you may find yourself having to
                provide the taxman with old bank statements
                and proofs of income going back years.
                / have never taken a penny of any of the
                money we've raised for the ministry. And anyone
                who wants to inspect our books can see for
                themselves that we are totally above board.
                If this export had been conducted in an hon
                est and above-board fashion, the defendants
                would have had no difficulty in reclaiming
                VAT paid on the gold.
                444

                If a policy or development applies across
                the board, it applies equally to all the people
                or areas of business connected with it.
                It seems that across the board all shops have
                cut back on staff.
                The compromise proposal reduces funding
                across the hoard for community development
                grants, student loans, mass transit and summer
                schools.
                You can also talk about an across-theboard policy or development.
                There is an across-the-board increase in the
                amount of meat eaten by children.

                back to the drawing board

                .

                ing board, identifying shortcomings and at
                tempting to improve on them.

                go by the board
                go by the boards
                If a plan or activity goes by the board or
                goes by the boards, it is abandoned and forgotten,
                because it is no longer possible to carry
                it out. 'Go by the board' is used in British
                English and 'go by the boards' is used in
                American English.
                Although you may have managed to persuade
                him, while he was at school, to do some constructive
                revision before examinations, you may
                find that all your efforts go by the board when
                he is at university.
                I think we probably all forget that President
                Lincoln suspended habeas corpus There were a
                lot of civil rights went by the boards.

                sweep the board
                4
                If someone sweeps the board in a competition
                or election, they win all the prizes or
                seats This expression is used in British Eng

                lish.
                The women's team has been Quite outstand
                legal

                across the board

                boat

                38

                444

                If you say that you will have to go back to
                the drawing board, you mean that something
                which you have done has not been successful
                and you will have to start again or try
                another idea.
                His government should go back to the drawing
                board to rethink their programme in time
                to return it to the Parliament by September.
                Failing to win means going back to the draw

                ing, sweeping the board in swimming, diving,
                cycling and weight lifting and missing only one
                gold in the athletics.
                The opposition has swept the board in Sofia,

                where the renamed Communists have failed to
                win a single seat.
                444
                take something on board: 1
                If you take an idea, suggestion, or (act on
                board, you understand it or accept it. This
                expression is used in British English.
                I shall be hoping that the council will take
                that message on board.
                / listened to them, look their comments on
                board and then made the decision.
                We've never really taken on board the fad
                that we're in the computer age.
                take something on board: 2
                If you take a task or problem on board.
                you accept responsibility for it and start dealing
                with it. This expression is used in British
                English.

                All you have to do is phone, telex or fax us.
                Our coordinator will take your problem on
                board and solve it.

                boat
                float someone's boat
                If something floats your boat, you find it
                exciting, attractive, or interesting.

                I can see its appeal. But it doesn't float my

                boat.

                444
                in the same boat
                If you say that two or more people are in
                the same boat, you mean that they are in the
                same unpleasant or difficult situation.


                    evince -p 58 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

                Bob
                We are all in the same boat as the miners.
                People all over Britain are being made redundant
                every week.
                If baldness is creeping up on you. take heart
                - 40 per cent of men under 35 are in the same
                boat
                We were two mums in the same boat and
                able to make each other feel better.

                push the boat out
                If you push the boat out, you spend a lot of

                money in order to have a very enjoyable time
                or to celebrate in a lavish way. This expres
                sion is used in British English.
                I earn enough to push the boat out now and
                again.
                Keep an eye on James. He's likely to push the
                boat out among his friends.
                444
                rock the boat
                If someone tells you not to rock the boat,
                they are telling you not to do anything which
                might cause trouble or upset a stable situation.
                While he is careful not to rock the boat with
                any ill-timed criticism, there is clearly some
                frustration that he is not being used to maximum
                effect.
                Diplomats are expecting so much instability
                in a power struggle after his death that they
                argue it's unwise to rock the boat now.
                If someone is rocking the boat, their behaviour
                is likely to cause trouble or upset a
                stable situation Behaviour like this can be
                described as boat-rocking.
                Before the report was concluded, he pulled
                back on the subject. I suspect the other parts of
                the White House complained he was rocking
                the boat.
                I'm outspoken, sometimes critical of the organization,
                which is seen as boat-rocking,
                upsetting a comfortable arrangement.

                Bob
                Bob's your uncle
                When you are describing a process or series
                of events, you can say ‘Bob's your uncle' to
                indicate that it ends exactly as expected or in
                exactly the right way. This expression is used
                in British English.
                What he is implying is that anyone can do it.
                You just tag along with a teacher for a while,
                °nd in a year, Bob's your uncle, you are a

                teacher too.

                See this safety valve here? Well, if the boiler
                should ever get too hot, the safety valve releases
                oil the excess steam, and Bob's your uncle. No

                Problem.

                body
                k°dy and soul
                You can use

                boil

                39

                body and soul to emphasize

                that you are doing something with all your
                energy or to the best of your ability.
                They worked body and soul to make this day

                a success.
                She was now committed to the band, body
                and soul.
                Nancy threw herself into lost causes with

                quixotic blindness, identifying body and soul
                with the suffering and misery she had seen in
                Spain, Mexico, and Harlem.

                a body blow

                44

                If you receive a body blow, something happens
                which causes you great disappointment
                or difficulty. This expression is used mainly
                in British journalism.
                The sport received a body blow when the
                schools programme was virtually halted.
                The result will deliver a body blow to Conservative
                party confidence
                Already these tax concessions have been whit
                tied away and could be abolished altogether by
                1994. This will be a body blow to the manufacturers,
                but not a fatal one.
                keep body and soul together
                hold body and soul together
                If you do something to keep body and soul
                together or to hold body and soul together,
                you do it because it is the only way you can
                earn enough money to buy the basic things
                that you need to live.
                20-year-old Rafael says he's selling firewood
                to keep body and soul together.
                For a while he held body and soul together
                by working as a migrant laborer.
                4
                over my dead body
                If you reply ‘over my dead body' when a
                plan or action has been suggested, you are
                saying emphatically that you dislike it, and
                will do everything you can to prevent it
                They will get Penbrook Farm only over my
                dead body.
                Tough guy Arnold Schwarzenegger's wife has
                told him he will go into politics ‘over her dead
                body'.

                boil
                come to the boil

                bring something to a boil
                4
                If a situation or feeling comes to the boil
                or comes to a boil, it reaches a climax or becomes
                very active and intense. 'Come to the
                boil' is used in British English and 'come to a
                boil' is used in American English.
                Their anger with France came to the boil last
                week when they officially protested at what
                they saw as a French media campaign against
                them.
                The issue has come to a boil in Newark.
                where federal prosecutors have warned lawyers
                that if the chairman is indicted, the govern

                    evince -p 59 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

                bold
                move to seize the money that he is
                using to pay legal fees.
                Someone or something can also bring a
                situation or feeling to the boil or bring it to
                merit may

                a boil.
                The opposition is sure to bring the dispute
                back to the boil in any election campaign.
                The gifted propagandist brings to a boil
                ideas and passions already simmering in the
                minds of his hearers.
                4
                off the boil: 1
                In sport, if someone goes off the boil, they
                are less successful than they were in the past.

                This expression is used in British English.
                / concede that I went slightly off the boil last

                season.

                Sandy Lyle says it pays to go back to the

                fundamentals when your game goes off the
                boil

                off the boil: 2
                If a feeling or situation goes off the boil, it

                becomes less intense or urgent. This expression
                is used in British English.
                If a relationship seems to be going off the
                boil, it is a good idea to appraise the situation.
                Since the massive outbreak of 1972. discontent
                had rarely been off the boil; and minor revolts
                had continued throughout the Seventies.

                on the boil: 1

                -4

                If a situation or feeling is on the boil, it is
                at its point of greatest activity or intensity.
                This expression is used in British English.
                A word here, a phrase there were enough to
                keep tempers on the boil almost to the end.
                Across the border in Sweden, a similar debate
                is on the boil.

                on the boil: 2
                In sport, if a person is on the

                boil, they are
                performing very successfully. This expression
                is used in British English.
                All three players are obviously on the boil at
                the moment in the Italian league.

                bold
                bold as brass
                If you say that someone does something
                bold as brass, you mean that they do it with
                out being ashamed or embarrassed, although
                their behaviour is shocking or annoying to
                other people
                Their leader, bold as brass, came improperly
                dressed, wearing a lounge suit while all the
                others were wearing black ties.
                Barry has come into the game bold as brass,
                brash and businesslike.

                L.

                bombshell

                40

                bolt
                a bolt from the blue
                a bolt out of the blue

                44

                If you say that an event or piece of news
                was like a bolt from the blue or a bolt out
                of the blue, you mean that it surprised you
                because it was completely unexpected. You
                use this expression mainly when talking
                about unpleasant things.
                A Foreign Office spokesman had described the
                coup as 'a bolt from the blue".
                Mrs Thomas says the arrest had come 'like a
                bolt out of the blue'.

                shoot your bolt
                If you say that someone has shot their bolt,
                you mean that they have done everything
                they can to achieve something but have
                failed, and now can do nothing else to achieve
                their aims. This expression is used in British
                English.
                The opposition have really shot their bolt;
                they'll never ever get any more votes than this.
                Adeline shot her last bolt now. She opened
                her eyes very wide, and for an instant it was
                as if Amy was looking into her own imploring
                face ‘Please, Amy, don't go. '

                bomb
                go like a bomb
                If you say that a vehicle or a horse goes
                like a bomb, you mean that it can move very
                fast. This expression is used in British English.
                Once / had a Czechoslovakian motorbike. It
                was built like a tank, weighed a ton, went like
                a bomb and was pure joy to ride.

                put a bomb under something
                If you say that you want to put a bomb under
                an organization or system, you mean that
                you feel impatient with it because it is oldfashioned or inefficient, and you want to completely
                change the way it operates. Other
                verbs can be used instead of 'put'. This expression
                is used in British English.
                One half of us admired and valued the BBC's
                high standards, the other half longed to put a
                bomb under it and propel it into innovation.
                We are ready for radical change. I have said
                before, we need a bomb under the system.

                bombshell
                -4-4
                drop a bombshell
                If someone drops a bombshell, they suddenly
                give you a piece of bad news which you
                were not expecting
                Next day the bombshell was dropped on the

                front pages of the newspapers: the company
                had gone into voluntary liquidation.


                    evince -p 60 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

                bone
                My ex wife is

                book

                41

                on the phone and she drops a

                bombshell. Sue. our daughter, is pregnant.
                bone

                a bone of contention
                A bone of contention is an issue or point

                that people have been arguing about for a
                long time.
                The president's plan to phase out protectionism
                for Brazil's backward computer industry is
                being blocked, as are his efforts to enforce patent
                protection. Both issues have been major
                bones of contention with the US.
                Pay, of course, is not the only bone of contention.

                close to the bone
                4
                near to the bone
                If you say that a remark or piece of writing
                is close to the bone or near to the bone,
                you mean that it makes people uncomfortable,
                because it deals with things which they prefer
                not to be discussed.
                Penny said 'M's talk about Christina.' But
                for Buck, this was getting dangerously close to
                the bone.
                This isn't strictly satire, it's far too close to
                the bone to be funny.
                'We'd better end here because this is getting...'
                She did not finish the sentence, but I guess she
                was going to say 'too near to the bone'.
                cut to the bone
                44
                If resources or costs are cut to the bone,
                they are reduced as much as they possibly
                can be. Verbs such as 'pare', ‘shave', and
                'strip' are sometimes used instead of 'cut'.
                We managed to break even by cutting costs to
                the bone.
                The universities feel they have already been
                pared to the bone by government cuts.
                Eric had taken on the competition by shaving
                his running costs to the bone and offering the

                lowest prices possible.

                have a bone to pick with someone
                If you say that you have a bone to pick
                with someone, you mean that you are annoyed
                with them about something, and you
                want to talk to them about it.
                I have a bone to pick with you.' She felt justified
                in bringing up a matter that she had
                been afraid to discuss before.
                Roth men had a legitimate bone to pick with
                a government which has cold-bloodedly persisted
                with policies that are hurting its own sup
                Porters more than anybody else.

                bones
                *he bare bones

                444

                h you refer to the bare bones of something,

                you are referring to its most basic parts or
                details.
                Russian politics may not settle down into a
                multi-party system for some time. But the bare
                bones of representative democracy are there.
                We worked out the bare bones of a deal.
                We needed to strip the flat down to its bare
                bones. It was a terrific engineering and architectural
                challenge. It also raised many design

                problems.

                You can use bare-bones before a noun.
                The mayor will then have to slash the city's
                already bare bones budget, and this will put a
                serious dent into all the city's services.

                feel something in your bones
                4
                have a feeling in your bones
                If you say that you can feel something in
                your bones, you mean that you feel very
                strongly that you are right about something,
                although you cannot explain why. Verbs such

                as 'know', 'believe', and 'sense' are sometimes
                used instead of 'feel'.

                Joe. I have a hunch you're going to lose tonight.
                I just feel it in my bones.
                No amount of rationalisation or special
                pleading can disguise what people across the
                country know in their bones. His departure is
                not just a sadness and a loss; it is potentially a
                crisis.
                You can also say that you have a feeling
                in your bones
                I've got a feeling in my bones we're going to
                lose this by-election.
                44
                make no bones about something
                If you make no bones about something,
                you do not hesitate to express your thoughts
                or feelings about it, even though other people
                may find what you say unacceptable or embarrassing.

                And ever since that morning in Malcy when
                he had learned that they were bringing her
                with them. Dave had made no bones about resenting
                her presence.
                There will be changes in this Welsh team until
                we get it right I make no bones about that.
                These companies make no bones about the
                fact that they are there to promote social and
                economic development as well as to make moncy
                book
                44
                bring someone to book
                If someone is brought to book, they are
                punished officially for something wrong that
                they have done. This is a fairly formal expression,
                which is used in British English.
                No-one has yet been brought to book for a
                crime which outraged Italy.
                The school has been closed indefinitely following
                the incident. The nuns say they will not re-


                    evince -p 61 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

                book
                open the school until the culprits are brought
                to book.

                by the book
                go by the book
                444
                play things by the book
                If you do something by the book, you do it
                correctly, and strictly according to the rules.
                You can also say that you go by the book or
                play things by the book.
                Modern man is often dull, studious, careful.
                safe. He does everything by the book.
                They could have taken a stranglehold on the
                game, but they seemed determined to go by the
                book and not rush things
                Although the manager of the shop wasn't aggressive.
                he played things by the book and was
                completely unforgiving. So I was taken down to
                the police station and charged with theft.
                O You can use by-the-book before a noun to
                describe a person or their way of doing
                things.

                He was content to process information and
                by the book approach, always working
                toward the end of something.
                O If something is done correctly and in the
                usual way, you can say that it goes by the

                follow a

                book.

                As it looks now, this campaign will not go by
                the book It'll be nothing like we've ever seen

                before.
                a closed book
                In British English, if you say that something
                or someone is a closed book to you, you
                mean that you know or understand very little
                about them. Compare an open book and
                close the book on something.
                Economics were a closed book to him. It constituted
                a strange, illogical territory where two
                and two didn 't always make four.
                4
                close the book on something
                If you close the book on something, you
                bring it to a definite end. You often use this
                expression to talk about a difficult or unpleas
                ant situation being brought to an end. Com
                pare a closed book
                Chancellor Kohl, for his part, said the two
                countries had closed the book on their painful
                past.
                Lawyers say they are happy to close the book
                on one of the most frustrating chapters of the
                company's history.
                American taxpayers will contribute 7.1 billion
                dollars toward closing the books on the war.

                in your book
                44
                You can say ‘in my book' when you are
                stating your own belief or opinion, especially
                when it is different from the beliefs or opin
                ions of other people.
                People can say what they like, but in my book
                he's not at all a bad chap.

                books

                42

                I wanted him to call the police. In my book a
                violent woman's Just as dangerous as a violent

                man.

                Over involvement with the client was a major
                crime in her book.

                an open book

                4

                If you say that a person's life or character is
                an open book, you mean that you can find
                out everything about it, because nothing is
                kept secret. Compare a closed book.
                They trot out a standard answer when questioned
                about the background of Desiree and
                her family. ‘Their lives are an open book, ' says
                a spokesman 'They are good people and she
                has always been a good kid. '
                Her long life is not a completely open book.
                but it is full of anecdotes and insights into her
                part in Hollywood history.

                read someone like a book
                If you say that you can read someone like a

                book, you mean that you find it easy to know
                what they are thinking and planning
                Very clever of them, that bit They must have

                read me like a book.
                There are a number of books on the market
                which suggest that it is possible to learn to
                read a person like a book.

                throw the book at someone
                4
                If a person in authority throws the book at
                someone who has committed an offence, they

                give them the greatest punishment that is pos
                sible for the offence that they have commit
                tod

                The prosecutor is urging the judge to throw
                the book at Blumberg.
                ‘If this is found to be true then we will throw
                the book at the clubs involved,' Barry Smart,
                the chairman of the league, said yesterday.

                you can't judge a book by its cover
                4
                If someone says ‘you can't judge a book by
                its cover', they mean that you should wait
                until you know someone or something better

                before deciding whether you like them, be
                cause your first impressions may be wrong.
                Before, children who couldn't rely on their
                own intelligence to boost their image resorted
                to such a mode of dress But now the intelligent
                pupils feel able to express themselves. It just
                goes to show that you can 't judge a book by its

                cover.

                We may say that we don't believe in judging
                a book by the cover, but research has shown
                that we do, over and over again.

                books
                4
                cook the books
                If someone cooks the books, they dishonest
                ly change the figures in their financial accounts
                in order to deceive people. People
                sometimes do this in order to steal money.


                    evince -p 62 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

                boot
                She knew that when the auditors looked over
                the books there would be no hiding the fact
                that she had cooked the books and £3 million

                was missing.

                Four years ago, he vowed to strike back after
                a promoter was cooking the

                discovering that

                books

                You can also say that someone cooks the
                books when they dishonestly change other
                kinds of written evidence for their own purposes.
                The National Population Commission admits

                several areas, many
                the
                books.
                cooked
                officials
                in someone's bad books
                If you are in someone's bad books, you
                have done something that has annoyed them.
                This expression is used in British English.
                Sir John was definitely in the Treasury's bad
                hoota for incorrect thinking on economic prospects.
                Thomas gloomily speculated that he might be
                the next to get into Mrs Simpson 's bad books.
                4
                in someone's good books
                If you are In someone's good books, you
                have done something that has pleased them.
                This expression is used in British English.
                I never really was that bothered about being
                in the teacher's good books.
                While Becky was out, Jamie made an attempt
                to get back in her good books by doing all the
                housework.
                that, in its recent trials in

                boot
                get the boot
                give someone the boot
                44
                If someone gets the boot or is given the
                boot, they lose their job. These are informal
                expressions.

                The chief reason he got the boot was because
                the Chancellor didn 't trust him any more.
                Davis was given the boot after just nine days
                of filming and replaced by Jonathan Kaplan.
                You can also use these expressions to talk
                about someone whose partner has ended their
                relationship, often in a sudden or unkind

                way.

                Sean has been given the boot by his girlfriend
                after admitting he'd been unfaithful to her.
                Put the boot into someone: 1
                Put the boot in
                44
                If someone puts the boot into a person or
                Hung, especially a very weak person or thing,
                they criticize them very severely or are very
                unkind about them. You can also say that
                someone puts the boot in. The verb ‘stick' is
                sometimes used instead of ‘put'. This is an inexpression,
                which is used in British

                formal
                English.

                Instead of sticking the boot

                boots

                43

                into those in pov
                erty. the Prime Minister should give everyone

                an equal share of the cake.
                There's no one quite like an unpublished novelist
                for putting the boot into established repu

                tations.
                Maybe because of his diminutive stature, Mr
                Carman uses his outstanding ability with language
                to make up for it and put the boot in.
                put the boot in: 2
                If someone puts the boot in, they attack another
                person by kicking or hitting them. This
                is an informal expression, which is used in
                British English.
                Policemen who are tempted to put the boot in
                occasionally will have to tread more carefully
                in future.

                boots
                die with your boots on
                If you say that someone died with their
                boots on, you mean that they died while they
                were still actively involved in their work.
                Unlike most Asian businesspeople who die
                with their boots on, he has very sensibly left
                the entire running of Seamark to his son,
                apart from the occasional word of advice.
                Like the legendary cowboy who proudly professes
                he wants to die in the saddle with his
                boots on. he says when his turn comes 7 always
                pray that I'll die at work, gardening.'
                People sometimes replace 'boots' with an
                other word which relates to a person's job or

                life
                His career lasted longer than his looks. Wrinkles
                and all. he died with his greasepaint on.
                fill your boots
                If you fill your boots with something valuable
                or desirable, you get as much of it as you
                can. This expression is used in British Eng
                lish.
                Not everything in Japan looks bleak having
                filled their boots with cheap capital in 1987-89.
                many companies remain liquid enough to do
                without bank loans.

                lick someone's boots
                lick someone's shoes
                if you say that one person licks another
                person's boots or licks their shoes, you are
                critical of them because they will do anything
                at all to please the second person, often because
                the second person is powerful or influential
                and the first person wants something
                from them.
                Even if you didn't have an official position
                you'd stilt be a big shot locally, everybody 'd be
                licking your boots.
                You can call someone who does this a bootlicker
                By now Bob demanded that everyone in his
                immediate circle sound like a skilled bootlicker.


                    evince -p 63 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

                bootstraps
                4
                quake in your boots
                If you say that someone is quaking in their
                boots, you mean that they are very frightened
                or anxious about something that is about to
                happen. Verbs such as ‘shake', ‘shiver', and
                ‘tremble' are sometimes used instead of
                ‘quake'. Quake in your shoes means the
                same.
                If you stand up straight you'll give an impression
                of self confidence even If you're quaking
                in your boots.

                Someone had to tell the packed club that he
                wouldn't be appearing - you can imagine me
                shaking in my boots, but somehow / managed
                to survive.

                step into someone's boots
                4
                fill someone's boots
                In sport, if you take over from another per
                son who has been injured or who has given

                up their position, you can say that you step
                into their boots If you are as successful as
                them, you can say that you fill their boots
                These expressions are used mainly in British
                English. Compare step into someone's shoes,
                see shoes.
                Michael Kinane, the leading Irish jockey, has
                turned down the chance to step into Steve
                Cauthen's boots and ride for Sheikh
                Mohammed next season.
                It is sad that he's gone, but if ever there was
                a man to fill his boots, it's Kevin Keegan.

                bottle
                hit the bottle

                -4

                If you say that someone is hitting the bottle,
                you mean that they are drinking too
                much alcohol, usually because something very
                unpleasant or upsetting has happened to
                them.
                One newspaper even said I'd started hitting
                the bottle. Complete rubbish.
                Teenagers from authoritarian or uncaring
                families are twice as likely as other youngsters
                to be heavy drinkers. ‘They will hit the bottle
                to rebel, ' said researcher Geoff Lowe.

                bottom
                be at the bottom of something
                lie at the bottom of something
                If you say that a particular thing is at the
                bottom of an undesirable attitude or situation
                or lies at the bottom of it, you mean
                that it is the real cause of it.
                Remember that pride is at the bottom of all
                great mistakes.

                This decision quite probably lies at the bot
                tom of the colony's current discontent
                the bottom falls out of something
                4
                the bottom drops out of something
                If the bottom falls out of a market or industry,
                people stop buying its products in as
                large quantities as before. You can also say
                the bottom drops out of a market or indus
                try.

                bootstraps
                pull yourself up by your bootstraps 4
                If you say that someone has pulled themselves
                up by their bootstraps, you are showing
                admiration for them because they have
                improved their situation by their own efforts,
                without help from anyone else. Other verbs
                are sometimes used instead of ‘puli'.
                It was his ability to pull himself up by his
                bootstraps which appealed to Mrs Thatcher.
                She defied those with misgivings by making
                him deputy chairman.
                It is what this country was invented to do
                to change our lives. Lift yourself up by the
                bootstraps, young fellow. Make yourself
                upwardly mobile.

                -

                to your bootstraps
                If you say that someone is, for example,
                British to their bootstraps, you are empha

                sizing that they have all the characteristics

                you would expect to find in a British person.
                This expression is used mainly in Australian
                English.
                Lord McAlpine and all his friends are law
                and order men to their bootstraps.
                Sir Robert Menzies was British to the boot
                straps.

                bottom

                44

                But just as quickly, the bottom fell out of the
                American home video game market
                By the late seventies that process was nearly
                finished and then the bottom dropped out of the
                steel industry and heavy industry in general
                4
                bump along the bottom
                If you say that a country's economy is
                bumping along the bottom, you mean that it
                has reached a low level of performance, and
                is not getting any better or any worse This
                expression is used in British English.
                New car sales are continuing to bump along
                the bottom of recession as the motor industry
                shows little sign that it is going to revive substantially
                this year.
                People are beginning to sense that we are
                bumping along at the bottom, but we are not
                going any further down.
                get to the bottom of something
                444
                If you get to the bottom of a problem or
                mystery, you solve it by discovering the truth
                about it.
                Moorhead Kennedy says the investigation is
                necessary to get to the bottom of the case,
                which has spawned rumors and innuendo for a

                decade.
                The attack was quite severe. We intend to


                    evince -p 64 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

                bounds
                to the bottom of things and, if needs be, ensure
                that action is brought against those responsible

                for it
                The secrets of a truly happy couple are ultimately
                a private mystery, but we've tried to get
                to the bottom of it.

                bounds
                out of bounds:1

                If a place is out of bounds, you are not allowed
                to go there.
                The area has been out of bounds to foreigners
                for more than a month.
                I'll make it clear that the kitchen is out of

                bounds.
                The site has been out of bounds to civilians
                for more than ten years.
                You can use out-of-bounds before a noun.
                Avoid signposted out-of-bounds areas.

                out of bounds: 2
                If a subject is out of bounds, you are not allowed
                to discuss it.
                The private lives of public figures should be
                out of bounds to the press and public.
                ‘We'll put the subject out of bounds.' 'You
                can't do that You promised me when I was
                twelve that I could always talk to you about
                anything '

                bow
                bow and scrape
                If you accuse someone of bowing and
                scraping, you mean that they are behaving
                towards a powerful or famous person in a
                way that you consider too respectful.
                Whatever the aides may say about bowing
                and scraping, however, the royals expect it.
                They even indulge in it themselves.
                I'm hoping my hereditary title will not put off
                prospective customers. It can be a drawback because
                some people feel they have to bow and

                scrape
                'Bow' is pronounced with the same vowel
                sound as the word ‘how'.

                take a bow
                People sometimes write take a bow before
                w after a person's name when they want to
                congratulate that person or show their admiration
                for them. This expression is used mainly
                    in British journalism.
                There are only three of them - take a bow,
                Grant Lee Phillips on guitar and vocals. Paul
                nimble on bass and drummer Joey Peters - but
                (hey sound like an orchestra.

                When you've got

                the best camerawork and the
                commentators - Martin Tyler, take a bow
                ~ it's hard to go
                far wrong.
                L- Bow' is pronounced with the same vowel
                as the word 'how'.

                boy

                46

                box
                a black box

                4

                You can refer to a process or system as a
                black box when you know that it produces a
                particular result but you do not understand
                how it works.
                Only a decade ago cancer was a black box
                about which we knew nothing at the molecular
                level
                'When we were faced with this question we
                were also faced with how very little is known
                about the nature of the resistance to the pest in
                American vine species,' says Walker. He describes
                the phenomenon as 'a black box'.

                out of the box: 1
                If you come out of the box in a particular
                way, you begin an activity in that way. If you
                are first out of the box. you are the first per
                son to do something. This expression is used
                mainly in American English.
                Are you anticipating that Clinton is going to
                come right out of the box with a whole series of
                fairly substantial decisions?
                Arco is definitely first out of the box with an
                alternative gas for cars without catalytic con
                verters.

                out of the box: 2
                If you buy something such as a computer or
                software and you can use it out of the box,
                you can use it immediately, without having to
                do or learn complicated things first.
                The computer industry has yet to sell a PC
                which can be used by a novice, straight out of
                the box.
                You can, thank goodness, also use Origin
                straight out of the box.

                out of your box
                If you say that someone is out of their box,
                you mean that they are drunk or affected by
                drugs, or that they are very foolish. This is
                an informal expression, which is used in British
                English.
                The guy must have been seriously out of his
                box!

                boy
                a whipping boy

                4

                If you refer to someone or something as a
                whipping boy, you mean that people blame
                them when things go wrong, even though
                they may not be responsible for what has happened.

                Honecker may have become a convenient
                whipping boy for the failures of the communist

                regime.

                This is the story of how America's favorite
                whipping boy became her favorite son
                Businessmen fear that they and the hard-won
                free market reforms will be the whipping boys


                    evince -p 65 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

                boys
                for the economic ills that confront the new administration.

                your blue-eyed boy
                4
                your fair-haired boy
                If you say that a man is someone's blueeyed
                boy or fair-haired boy, you mean that
                the person has a very high opinion of the
                man and gives him special treatment. You
                usually use these expressions to indicate that
                you think the person is wrong to have this
                opinion or to treat the man so favourably.
                ‘Blue-eyed boy' is used mainly in British English
                and 'fair haired boy' is used mainly in
                American English.
                He'd lost interest in Willy by that time I
                was the blue-eyed boy.
                For ten years you've been everybody's blueeyed
                boy. You're one of the best-known magistrates
                in the country.
                Okay. okay. I won't do anything to hurt your
                fair-haired boy And business is business. We'll
                work together as we always have.

                -

                brains
                pick someone's brains
                4
                pick someone's brain
                If you pick someone's brains or pick their
                brain, you ask them for advice or information,
                because they know more about a subject
                than you do.
                I'd like to pick your brains about something.

                Nothing urgent.
                She, in turn, picked my brains about London

                she'd never been outside of the
                -wasasthinking
                about a trip to England.

                rack your brains
                rack your brain

                US and

                -44

                If you rack your brains or rack your
                brain, you think very hard about something
                or try very hard to remember it
                Reformers are racking their brains for a way
                to slow down these processes.
                She racked her brains but could not remember
                enough to satisfy the clerk.
                They asked me for fresh ideas, but I had
                none. I racked my brain, but couldn ‘t come up

                with anything.
                You can refer to this activity as brain
                boys
                boys will be boys

                4

                People say ‘boys will be boys' when they
                want to excuse the noisy or rough way a boy
                is behaving by saying that it is normal for
                boys to be noisy and rough. This expression
                is also used to comment on similar behaviour

                in adult men.
                'Your troubles are just beginning, ' they would
                say, shaking their heads. ‘Boys will be boys.'
                The idea that 'boys will be boys' so it's
                okay to smoke and drink too much and do dan
                gerous things with little regard for personal
                safety has to change if we are to see any improvement
                in the death and disease statistics

                -

                for men.
                D You can talk about a boys will be boys at
                titude or situation.
                He is not some showbiz celebrity or soccer
                star whose private misdemeanours can be
                shrugged off with a 'boys will be boys' attitude.

                one of the boys

                brass

                46

                44

                If you describe a man as one of the boys,
                you mean that he is accepted as belonging to
                a group of men who behave in ways which
                are considered typically masculine. People
                sometimes describe a woman as being one of
                the boys when she behaves in a way which
                allows her to be accepted as part of a group of
                men. Compare one of the lads; see lads
                His overly enthusiastic efforts to seem just one
                of the boys were sometimes embarrassing.
                If she played at being one of the boys she was
                condemned for being unwomanly. If she didn't
                join in she was seen as aloof

                racking.
                All your brain-racking is making absolutely
                no contribution to the world.
                O The old fashioned spelling 'wrack' is occasionally
                used instead of 'rack' in this expression.

                brass
                a brass farthing
                If you say that someone will not

                get a brass
                farthing, you are emphasizing that they will
                not get any money at all. You can also say
                that something does not matter a brass farthing
                to emphasize that it does not matter at
                all These are old-fashioned expressions.
                which are now used mainly in British jour
                nalism.
                The tragic fact is that most children in loneparent families will not gain a brass farthing
                through this Act.
                Labour can continue to adapt its policies
                ever-nearer to those of the Liberal Democrats.
                But none of it matters a brass farthing if local
                parties, in towns up and down the country, remain
                at war.
                the brass ring
                If someone is reaching for the brass ring in
                a competitive situation, they are trying to
                gain success or a big reward or profit. This
                expression is used in American English.
                There are good and bad features to living
                among people who are all young, on the make
                and going for the brass ring professionally.
                They had already won their respective
                regionals in LA, Chicago, Atlanta and New


                    evince -p 66 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

                bread
                York. This was it. The brass ring. The stuff
                that dreams are made of.
                cold enough to freeze the balls off a
                brass monkey
                In informal British English, people sometimes
                say ‘it's cold enough to freeze the
                balls off a brass monkey' to emphasize that
                the weather is extremely cold. This expression
                is often varied. Many people consider it

                offensive.
                It was a cold snap in the middle of spring
                with winds bitter enough to freeze a brass
                monkey.

                People often refer to this expression indirectly,
                for example by saying it's 'brass monkey
                    weather'.

                get down to brass tacks

                If people get down to brass tacks, they begin
                to discuss the basic, most important aspects
                of a situation.
                The third congress of Angola's ruling party
                was due to get down to brass tacks today with
                a debate on the party's performance during the
                last five years.
                The brass tacks of a situation are its ba
                sic, most important aspects.
                These two countries, by contrast, are long on
                rhetoric, but short on brass tacks.

                bread
                the best thing since sliced bread
                the greatest thing since sliced bread <
                If you say that someone thinks that something
                is the best thing since sliced bread,
                you mean that they think it is very good.
                new, and exciting. You can also say that they
                think it is the greatest thing since sliced
                bread You usually use these expressions to
                indicate that you think that their opinion is

                wrong or foolish.
                When your programme first started I thought
                it was the best thing since sliced bread But
                over the last three months I think you have
                adopted an arrogant attitude.
                We are being told on every side that marketing
                is the greatest thing since sliced bread.
                bread and butter: 1
                If something is your bread and butter, it is
                ihe most important or only source of your in
                come.

                'Who's your audience?' "We play maybe a

                hundred colleges a year.
                butter:

                That is our bread and

                1 think I'm more controlled at work. I have to

                it's my bread and butter.
                "5Y°ur

                R.

                breadline

                47

                bread-and-butter business is the part

                °f your business which produces the main
                Part of your income.
                fr's not exactly thrilling but it's good bread
                and butter work all the same.

                bread and butter: 2

                4

                The bread-and-butter aspects of a situation
                or activity are its most basic or important aspects.
                On major bread and butler issues, there's little
                difference between them. Both candidates
                are super cautious and both portray themselves
                as moderates.
                You can also say that these basic or important
                aspects are the bread and butter of a
                situation or activity.
                It's the bread and butter of police work,
                checking if anybody had seen anything suspi
                cious.
                bread and circuses
                Bread and circuses is used to describe a
                situation in which a government tries to divert
                attention away from real problems or issues,
                by providing people with things which
                seem to make their lives more enjoyable
                Mettemich proceeded to neutralise political
                dissent through a policy of bread and circuses
                backed up by a fearsome secret police.
                Our only hope is to return to constitutional
                and moral government. If we don't, our children
                and grandchildren will curse us for
                squandering their prosperity in exchange for
                today's bread and circuses.

                cast your bread upon the waters
                If you cast your bread upon the waters.
                you do something good or take a risk, usually
                without expecting very much in return. This
                is a literary expression.
                You should make time to offer assistance to
                anyone who needs it It's a case of casting your
                bread upon the waters - who knows how the
                favour will be repaid.

                know which
                buttered

                side

                your

                bread

                is
                4

                If you know which side your bread is buttered,
                you understand fully how you are likely
                to benefit from a situation, and you know
                what to do or who to please in order to put
                yourself in the best possible situation.
                Donald was a man who knew with utter clarity
                which side his bread was buttered on.
                I'm in no doubt which side my bread is but
                tered for the present.

                breadline
                on the breadline

                -4

                People who are living on the breadline are
                extremely poor.
                Too many men have children and then forget
                leaving the children and the
                about them
                mothers living on the breadline.
                They should be stripped of everything they
                own but the bare essentials. Let them feel what
                it is like to be on the breadline
                O You can use the breadline in other ways.

                -


                    evince -p 67 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

                break
                For example, someone who is just above the
                breadline has just enough money to survive
                on. Someone who is below the breadline
                cannot survive on the money they have.
                Obviously I'd want to earn enough to keep me
                above the breadline.
                Families scraping a living on low incomes
                and benefits are already living below the
                breadline.

                break
                44
                give me a break: 1
                You can say ‘give me a break* after someone
                has said or done something, to show that
                you think that they are being very annoying

                or ridiculous.
                The news item ended with comments from
                'South Australum feminists' who were 'satis
                fied' by the finding. Give me a break! Why do
                they have to quote feminists on a decision that
                concerns the rights of all women? Why can't

                they quote mothers, teachers, nurses, or dancers?
                give me a break: 2
                4
                You can say ‘give me a break' to tell some
                one to stop criticizing or annoying you and
                leave you alone.
                Anxious families on the crime-ridden Mayhill
                estate in Swansea, yesterday begged youngsters.
                ‘Give us a break' after dozens of cars were
                wrecked by the gangs.
                give someone an even break
                get an even break
                give a sucker an even break
                4
                If you are never given an even break or
                you never get an even break, you do not get
                the same chances or opportunities to do some
                thing as other people. This expression is used
                mainly in American English.
                He is loath to give the opposition an even
                break.
                He kept talking about how she never got an
                even break from the family.
                If someone says ‘never give a sucker an

                .

                even break', they are saying light-heartedly
                or ironically that you should not allow less
                fortunate people to have the same chances

                and opportunities as yourself.
                His philosophy may be summed up as 'Never
                give a sucker an even break'.
                They had no idea of fair play or giving suckers
                an even break.

                breast
                make a clean breast of something
                If you tell someone to make a clean breast
                of something, you are advising them to tell
                the whole truth about it, so that they can begin
                to deal properly with a problem or make

                L“‘

                breath

                48

                7 am sure that will be the best for you. ' 'But
                how can I go homeT 'You'll have to make a
                clean breast of it. dear. ‘
                If you make a clean breast of your problems.
                creditors, whether secured or unsecured, are
                much more likely to deal fairly and leniently
                with you.

                breath
                a breath of fresh air
                444
                If you describe someone or something as a
                breath of fresh air, you mean that they are
                pleasantly different from what you are used

                to.
                I think you're a

                great family and I'm glad
                I'm going to Join you. After the stuffy conversation
                we have at our dinner table, this is like a
                breath of fresh air.
                Basically. I was bored. Brian never wanted to
                do anything. Life was stagnant. So Mike, my
                present husband, was a breath of fresh air.

                hold your breath

                444

                If you say that someone Is holding their
                breath, you mean that they are waiting anx
                iously or excitedly to see what happens next.
                She had been holding her breath and hoping
                that the agreement would be signed.
                The world is holding its breath, he said, as
                we begin to negotiate the future of our country.
                If you say that you aren't holding your
                breath, you mean that you are not expecting
                a particular thing to happen, and so you are
                not worried or excited about it. In a situation
                like this, you can also advise someone: ‘don't
                hold your breath'.
                The Chancellor has predicted Britain will
                drag itself out of the slump
                but don't hold
                your breath, because he doesn 't know when.

                -

                444
                in the same breath
                If you say that someone says something and

                then in the same breath they say something
                else, you are pointing out that they are saying
                two things which are very different or which
                contradict each other.
                For politicians to demand firm immigration
                controls and argue against racism in the same
                breath is a deep contradiction
                In the same breath you say that you are terribly
                depressed, and in the next, list your good
                points, which I am sure are very real.

                take your breath away

                444

                If something takes your breath away, it
                amazes and impresses you because it is so
                wonderful.
                ‘Tell me again about the picture. ' ‘It's beautiful.
                It's so beautiful it takes your breath away-'
                He had never believed he would come to such
                power. The more he realized it. the more d
                look his breath away.


                    evince -p 68 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

                breeze

                bricks

                49

                waste your breath

                If you tell someone that they are wasting
                their breath, you are telling them that there
                is no point in them continuing with what
                are saying, because it will not have any

                they

                effect.
                He wanted to protest again, but the tone of
                her voice told him he was wasting his breath.
                Before I could get very far he interrupted me
                to tell me that I was wasting my breath.
                You can also tell someone that what they
                are saying is a waste of breath.
                He would admit to the thefts, but deny everything
                else, and her accusations would be a
                waste of breath.

                with bated breath

                44

                If you wait for something with bated
                breath, you look forward to it. or you wait in
                an anxious or interested way to see what happens
                next.
                The institution is now wailing with bated
                breath to see if the results of the next few sur
                veys confirm its current assessment.
                They got the people in the villages interested
                in what was going to happen, so they were
                then watching with baled breath as the experi
                ment began.
                D Some people use the word 'baited' instead
                of 'bated' in this expression, but it is general
                ly considered incorrect.

                breeze
                shoot the breeze
                If you shoot the breeze, you talk with other
                people in an informal and friendly way,
                Goldie does what she likes doing best: shoot
                ing the breeze about life, love, and her bad
                reputation.

                Greens could not organise an alcoholic revelry
                in a brewery.

                brick
                built like a brick shithouse
                If you say that someone is built like a
                brick shithouse, you mean that they are extremely
                tall, broad, and strong looking. This is

                a very informal expression, which is used in

                British English. Many people find it offensive.
                This guy was built like a brick shithouse.
                with a huge mustache and smoldering brown
                eyes.
                You can use brick-shithouse before a noun
                to describe someone who looks like this.
                One phrase incessantly flies from the lips of
                his brick shithouse accomplice Anthony Chap
                man: ‘It's a larf.
                drop a brick
                If you drop a brick, you say something tactless
                or inappropriate which upsets or offends
                other people. This expression is used in British
                English.
                After his comments on the live TV -programme,
                Mr Freeman was immediately aware
                that he had dropped a political brick of the
                worst kind.
                As foreign policy adviser to Helmut Kohl, the
                German chancellor. Horst Teltschik sometimes
                dropped bricks but never a bombshell.

                shit a brick
                If you say that someone is shitting a brick.
                you mean that they are extremely frightened
                or worried about something. This is a very informal
                expression, which many people find offensive.

                'He's positively awkward on social occasions.'

                a political acquaintance. 'If you're sitting
                around a big table in the members' dining
                room, he wont shoot the breeze like the rest of
                them. '

                brewery
                couldn't organize a
                brewery

                piss-up

                in

                a

                If you say that someone couldn't organize
                a piss-up in a brewery, you mean that they
                are extremely incompetent and are not capable
                of organizing anything at alL This is a
                informal expression, which is used in
                British English. Many people find it offensive.
                She was fired after saying her boss couldn't
                organise a piss-up in a brewery.
                O People often vary this expression, for example
                by replacing 'piss-up' with a more polite
                w°rd or expression.
                We alt know the real reason for failure - the

                bricks
                make bricks without straw
                If you say that someone is making bricks
                without straw, you mean that they are doing
                a job, or are trying to do it, without the proper
                resources that are needed for it.
                His job was apparently to make education
                bricks without straw - that is to say. to be inspiring
                without having much money.
                You say that Kissinger in the end built intricate
                structures, but that he built them made of
                bricks without straw
                This expression is sometimes varied For
                example, if you say that someone is making
                bricks without much straw, you mean that
                they are doing a job, or are trying to do it
                with very few resources.
                Full marks to Hampshire for a spirited attempt
                to make bricks without much straw.


                    evince -p 69 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

                bridge
                bridge

                of energy, or very cheerful. This expression
                is used mainly in British English
                She was as bright as a button and sharp as
                anything. If it had been her running the company.
                it might still be OK.
                She was as bright as a button, but wanted
                not to appear too bright in case it pul people

                fill]

                cross that bridge when you come
                to it

                4

                If you say ‘I'll cross that bridge when I
                come to it', you are saying that you intend to
                deal with a problem when, or it it happens,
                rather than worrying about the possibility of
                it happening.
                'You can 't make me talk to you. ' 'No. but the
                police can. ' Til cross that bridge when I come
                to it. '
                We do not know what we will do when it
                happens here, but that bridge we'll cross when
                we get to it.
                This expression is often varied. For example,
                you can say ‘I haven't crossed that
                bridge yet' when you have not yet dealt with

                a particular problem.
                We have not crossed that bridge yet. We are
                to get the criminal case dealt with.
                There are still a few bridges to cross.

                trying

                bridges
                build bridges

                444

                If you build bridges between opposing
                groups of people, you do something to help
                them to understand each other or co-operate
                with each other.
                Vou fell it was your duty to help build
                bridges between the communities involved here.
                We look for ways to build bridges between
                our two organizations.
                You can refer to this process as bridgebuilding.

                Do all you can to develop an open mind
                which allows bridge building between you.
                Lovett took the initiative to arrange a bridgebuilding
                luncheon at which a compromise
                could be agreed.

                brief
                hold no brief for something
                If you say that you hold no brief for a particular
                cause, belief, or group of people, you
                mean that you do not support it. This is a
                fairly formal expression, which is used in
                British English.
                This newspaper holds no special brief for a
                committee that has done nothing to distinguish
                itself in the past.
                He holds no brief for formal education, ethical.
                philosophical, or mathematical. The early
                needs cf his ideal citizens will be amply filled.
                as were his own. by traditional myths and stories.

                bright
                bright as

                broke

                so

                a button

                If you say that someone is
                button, you mean that they

                4

                as bright as a
                are intelligent,

                o/I

                bright-eyed
                bright-eyed and bushy-tailed
                If you describe someone as bright-eyed and
                bushy-tailed, you mean that they are lively,

                keen, and full of energy.
                But for now. go and sleep awhile. I need you
                bright-eyed and bushy tailed tomorrow.
                This will be a busy year, so you need to be
                bright-eyed and bushy-tailed to cope.

                broke
                go for broke

                44

                If you go for broke, you decide to take a
                risk and put all your efforts or resources into
                one plan or idea in the hope that it will be

                successful.
                Hong Kong people have no inhibitions about
                showing wealth. But they have a particular entrepreneurial
                skill. We tend to be more conservative
                in Singapore, whereas Hong Kong
                people go fOr broke.
                In London 's West End there is a reluctance to
                take risks with new plays while going for
                broke on musicals.
                We have to go for broke for victory against
                Belgium in the World Cup next month.
                Go-for-broke can also be used before a

                noun.

                Three astronauts plan to walk in space today
                in a go-for broke effort to retrieve a communications
                satellite.
                Mr Deng's reformist policies have enabled
                China to enjoy one of the world's fastest rates
                of economic growth over the past 15 years. His
                recent go-for-broke push for a market economy
                promises even better.
                44
                if it ain't broke, don't fix it
                If someone says ‘if it ain't broke, don't fix
                it', they mean that things should only be
                changed or interfered with if they are faulty
                or wrong.
                With regard to proposals for some grand reorganization
                of the intelligence community: If it
                ain't broke, don't fix iL And l believe it is not
                broke.
                D This expression has several variations. For
                example, you can say ‘isn't broken' instead of
                ‘ain't broke' and 'why fix it?' instead of 'don't
                fix it".
                Her outlook is 'If it isn't broken, why fix it?"
                She puts up with a lot I wouldn't tolerate.

                J


                    evince -p 70 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

                broom
                D The word ‘ain't' is a form of ‘isn't' which is
                used in informal or non-standard English.

                broom
                a new broom

                new broom sweeps clean

                4

                You can refer to someone as a new broom
                when they have just started a new job in a
                senior position and are expected to make a lot
                of changes. Compare make a clean sweep;
                see sweep.
                We had a new, exceptionally young headmaster
                and he was a very active new broom.
                ‘At least someone might actually make a deci
                sion now,' said one frustrated producer But
                there is the usual apprehension you get with
                any new broom.
                You can use new-broom before a noun.
                What's he really like, the jazz-loving, cigar
                smoking new-broom Chancellor?
                O This expression comes from the proverb a
                new broom sweeps clean.
                A new broom doesn't always sweep clean, it
                just brushes some of the worst dirt under the
                carpet for a while.

                brown
                brown as a berry
                If you say that someone is as brown as a
                berry, you mean that they are very tanned
                because they have been out in the sun.
                Steve Hobbs had just come back from his
                holiday. Brown as a berry he was, when he
                came round here the following Monday.
                She rode out to the yacht in a launch with a
                basket of fresh vegetables to find Franklin
                brown as a berry and in his usual fine spirits.

                brownie
                brownie

                points

                44

                If you say that someone should get brownie
                points for doing something, you mean that
                they can expect to be rewarded or congratulated
                for it. You may also be suggesting that
                this is the only reason that they did it.
                Mr Stein would almost certainly win extra
                brownie points for taking an ultra<autious
                view and removing uncertainty from the share

                price.

                There are no brownie points in the real world
                for smart, clever, formal marketing plans, until
                and unless they lead us to effective action in
                the customer market.
                He has lost all the Brownie points he won for
                twice visiting the war-ravaged lands that used
                to be Yugoslavia. Criticising Red Cross work
                efs. as he did yesterday, is neither helpful nor

                fair

                bubble

                51

                brunt
                bear the brunt of something
                444
                If someone or something bears the brunt of
                an unpleasant or damaging event, they have
                to take the main force of its harmful effects.
                Other verbs are sometimes used instead of
                ‘bear'.
                In 37 years with British Rail, I saw how station
                staff always bore the brunt of public anger
                over fare rises.
                When the sufferer is in pain, frustrated by
                their own weakness, you will bear the brunt of
                their anger, guilt and inadequacy.
                He said that two buildings which took the
                brunt of the blast would probably have to be
                demolished

                brush
                tar someone with the same brush
                If some members of a group behave badly
                and if people wrongly think that all of the
                group is equally bad, you can say that the
                whole group Is tarred with the same brush.
                I am a football supporter and I often have to
                explain that I'm not one of the hooligan sort,
                because we all get tarred with the same brush.
                The trouble is that in the public eye all of us
                will be tarred with the same brush
                In this expression, ‘same' is often replaced
                with an adjective which refers to the group
                who behave badly.
                At a rough guess, only 10 per cent of the inhabitants
                collaborated with the occupiers. But
                all have been tarred with the collaboration
                brush.

                bubble
                the bubble has burst
                prick the bubble

                44-4

                If you say that the bubble has burst, you
                mean that a situation or idea which was very
                successful has suddenly stopped being sue
                cessful. You can also say that someone or
                something has pricked the bubble.

                The bubble has burst. Crowds at the team's
                World League games are down from last year's
                40,000 average to 22.000
                The bursting of the economic bubble of seem
                ingly ever-increasing stock and land prices has
                contributed to a waning in confidence.
                The stock market has been unstable for a
                long time, a result qf the economic downturn
                and the pricking of the property bubble.
                on the bubble
                If someone is on the bubble, they are in a
                difficult situation, and are very likely to fail.
                This expression is used in American English.
                I'm always on the bubble, so I'm probably
                one of the best scoreboard readers you'll ever


                    evince -p 71 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

                buck
                meet If l make it, it'll be by one or two shots.
                If I miss, it'll be by one or two shots.

                buck
                the buck stops here
                the buck stops with someone

                bull

                52

                44

                If you say ‘the buck stops here' or the
                buck stops with me', you are emphasizing
                that a problem is your responsibility, and that
                you are not expecting anyone else to deal
                with it.
                I don't want anyone to blame the players. If
                you are going to point the finger at anyone, it
                must be at the man in charge and that's me.
                The buck stops here
                I approved the plan 1 advised the President,
                but I did not advise him of the details. The
                buck stops with me.
                You can also say that the buck stops with
                someone else.
                Only now has Taylor accepted that the buck
                stops with him.
                It's easy to depend on others to tell you when
                there are problems with your car, your health,
                your house or whatever But ultimately the
                buck stops with you.

                pass the buck
                444
                If you accuse someone of passing the buck,
                you are accusing them of failing to take responsibility
                for a problem, and of expecting
                someone else to deal with it instead.
                In the old days he would have resented having
                to hand over a case. Now he was glad of
                regionalization you could pass the buck.
                The two sides also opted for an approach
                that's gaining favor among unions and some
                employers alike: seeking to pass the buck to
                taxpayers.
                He is our responsibility Canada is the only
                place he has ever known and to deport him is
                simply passing the buck because of a legal
                loophole.
                This kind of behaviour is referred to as
                buck-passing.
                However, his apology, in this age of buck
                passing and dodging, was frank and honest.

                bud
                444
                nip something in the bud
                If you nip a bad situation or bad behaviour
                in the bud, you stop it at an early stage, be
                fore it can develop and become worse.
                Unless the problem is nipped in the bud it
                could develop into the kind of intractable conflict
                that already exists between Armenia and

                Azerbaijan.
                It is important to recognize jealousy as soon
                as possible and to nip it in the bud before it
                gets out of hand.
                O Occasionally this expression is used to say
                that something good is stopped before it can
                develop.
                The higher prices would fuel inflation and
                nip the consumer recovery in the bud.

                buffers
                hit the buffers
                If something such as an idea, plan, or project
                hits the buffers, it experiences difficulties
                which cause it to fail. This expression is used
                in British English, mainly in journalism.
                Their plans may not get very far before they
                hit the buffers.
                One leading Communist told me it was very
                difficult for a party with a seventy-year history
                to admit that it had hit the buffers.

                bug
                bitten by the bug
                If you are bitten by the gardening

                you become very enthusiastic about gardening
                or acting, and you start doing it a lot.
                Before we bought our cottage I viewed gardens
                as merely places to sit during warm
                weather But after watching all these changes
                take place, I've definitely been bitten by the
                gardening bug, and now 1 love the weeding
                and digging as much as the sitting.
                Bitten by the travel bug, he then set off for a
                working holiday in Australia.
                She also provides a guide to Britain's antiques
                markets and a very useful reference list
                for those seriously bitten by the bug.

                bucket

                bull

                kick the bucket

                a bull in a china shop

                If you say that someone has kicked the
                bucket, you mean that they have died. This
                expression is used to refer to someone's death
                In a light hearted or humorous way.
                Moss Hanley said the old girl is about to kick
                the bucket anyway got some sort
                of kidney in

                fection.

                All the money goes to her when the old man
                kicks the bucket.

                44

                bug, for
                example, or are bitten by the acting bug,

                4

                If you describe someone as a bull in a
                china shop, you mean that they say or do
                things which offend or upset people, or which
                cause trouble, in situations where they ought
                to act carefully and tactfully.
                Unfortunately, Haig, the proverbial bull in
                °
                china shop, did not make the best negotiator.
                being impatient with contrary opinions, and
                ironically, intolerant of traditionalist views.


                    evince -p 72 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

                bullet
                In confrontational situations I am like a bull
                in a china shop.

                a red rag to a bull
                a red flag before a bull

                4

                If something always makes a particular pervery
                angry, you can say that it is like a
                red rag to a bull or a red flag before a
                bull ‘Rag' is used more commonly in British
                English and ‘flag' is used more commonly in
                American English. Compare a red flag; see

                son

                flag

                This sort of information is like a red rag to a
                bull for the tobacco companies but it really
                needs to be exposed.
                It's a red rag to a bull when my son won't
                admit that he's wrong.
                O People sometimes vary these expressions.
                To hit back at the authorities is to hold up a
                red rag in front of an already enraged bull.
                The very idea that there is something special
                about the individual is likely to be taken as a
                red flag by progressive academics for whom individualism
                is tantamount to racism.

                take the bull by the horns

                4

                If you take the bull by the horns, you act
                decisively and with determination in order to
                deal with a difficult situation or problem. Other
                verbs are sometimes used instead of ‘take'.
                This is the time to take the bull by the horns
                and tackle the complex issues of finance.
                So there will be further tinkering with the
                system, to try to improve efficiency, distribution
                and management, without any real effort to
                grasp the bull by the horns by allowing more
                radical reforms including a genuine freedom of
                the market.

                ing news during a break in filming yesterday
                afternoon.

                bum
                a bum steer
                If you describe information that you are given
                as a bum steer, you mean that it is wrong
                and misleading. This expression is used main
                ly in American English
                Did you give me a bum steer about your
                name and address?

                get the bum's rush
                give someone the bum's rush
                4
                If someone gets the bum's rush or is given
                the bum's rush, they are completely ignored
                or rejected in an unexpected and upsetting
                way. This is an informal expression, which is
                used mainly in American English.
                He turned up there at 2.45 and sat down to
                lunch with European royalty, so we got the
                bum 's rush.

                bums
                bums on seats

                4

                If you say that a performer or performance
                puts bums on seats, you mean that they are
                very popular and succeed in attracting large
                audiences. This is an informal expression,
                which is used in British English.
                He's always been like that and will never
                change. That's why he gets bums on seats
                he's a showman.
                This week, an original version of a Cervantes
                play is putting Catalan bums on seats at the
                Mercat de les Flors. Barcelona's showpiece
                modern theatre.

                -

                bundle

                bullet
            bite the bullet | bita i det sura äpplet / riva av plåstret
                If you bite the bullet, you accept a difficult or unpleasant situation.
                There is a last option, known in the trade as "self insurance'. Put simply it means that you do everything you can to protect your property, and if something gets lost, damaged or stolen, you bite the bullet and cover the cost yourself.
                The same stressful event might make one person utterly miserable, while another will bite the bullet and make the best of it.

                get the bullet

                S've someone the bullet

                If someone gets the bullet or is given the
                bullet. they lose their job. This is an informal

                expression, which is used in British English.
                The banks are still making money but they
                °n‘y have to have one bad year and everybody
                Sets the bullet
                Six more Eldorado actors have been given the
                111let
                The stars were told the dramatic sack
                drop your bundle
                If you are failing at something and you drop
                your bundle, you give up and stop trying to
                win or succeed. This expression is used mainly
                in Australian English.
                At 25-6 University were losing badly, but to
                their credit they did not drop their bundle

                burn
                burn your bridges
                burn your boats

                44

                If you burn your bridges, you do something
                which forces you to continue with a particular
                course of action, and makes it impossible
                for you to return to an earlier situation. In
                British English, you can also say that you
                burn your boats.
                1 didn't sell it because I didn't know how
                long 1 would be here. 1 didn't want to bum all
                my bridges.
                She had burned her bridges behind her; she
                had called Mimi to tell her she couldn't take


                    evince -p 73 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

                burner
                the job at the Foundation - she had accepted
                another job offer.
                She didn't take his advice and decided to go
                to Glasgow to study for a degree in astronomy.
                Then, just before she started, she thought she
                might be burning her boats and so she did
                physics after all.

                burner
                on the back burner
                on the front burner

                Sam's,' l told her. ‘Eddie didn't

                come back

                from his paper route yet. Nobody knows where
                he is.'
                Let's not beat about the bush they rejected
                it The Review Group said it was their most
                important single recommendation and the Government
                rejected it

                bushel
                4 44

                If you put a project or issue on the back
                not to do anything about
                it until a later date, because you do not consider
                it to be very urgent or important.
                She put her career on the back burner after
                marrying co-star Paul Hogan two years ago
                while she made a home for them in Australia.
                While the Bush administration appeared to
                have put the issue on the back burner, the
                Clinton administration has stressed the need
                for a rapid solution.
                If you put a project or issue on the front
                burner, you start to give it a lot of attention,
                because you think it is very urgent or imporburner,
                you decide

                tant.
                By putting tourism on the front burner, the
                government has opened up the opportunity for
                a substantial growth in visitors long term.
                Back burner and front burner are used
                In many other structures and expressions
                with similar meanings.
                Long-term health care advocates worry that
                the expense will push this issue onto a back
                burner, and that, they say, would be a mistake.
                He has said that he will put into law the
                Freedom of Choice Act. That would be certainly
                the front-burner issue with me.

                bush
                the bush telegraph
                If you talk about the bush telegraph, you
                are talking about the way in which information
                or news can be passed on from person to
                person in conversation. This expression is
                used in British English.
                No, you didn't tell me, but 1 heard it on the
                bush telegraph.
                Jean-Michet had heard of our impending arrival
                in Conflans long before we got there. The
                bush telegraph on the waterways is extremely

                effective.
                not beat around the bush
                not beat about the bush

                business

                54

                If you don't beat around the bush, you say
                what you want to say clearly and directly.
                without avoiding its unpleasant aspects. In
                British English, you can also say that you
                don't beat about the bush.
                / decided not to beat around the bush. 'I'm at

                hide your light under a bushel
                <
                If someone tells you not to hide your light

                under a bushel, they mean that you should
                not be modest about your skills and good fea
                tures, and instead you should be confident
                and willing to let people know that you have
                them.
                If you have knowledge your superiors don't,
                or tf you can do something they can't don't be
                tempted to hide your light under a bushel for
                fear of upsetting them or making them look
                small. Be confident enough to promote yourself.
                In these challenging times, it is essential we
                must go out there and tell the world what we
                have to offer. We are proud of the facilities in
                Newmarket and this is not the time to hide our
                light under a bushel.
                If you say that someone does not hide
                their light under a bushel, you mean that
                they are very confident about their skills and
                good features, and not at all modest.
                There are those who find his vanity offputting. He does not hide his light under a
                bushel.
                People often vary this expression, for exam
                pie by replacing ‘light' with another word
                such as 'talent'.
                Never one to hide her talent under a bushel,
                she is all set to set up a legal practice with her
                solicitor husband.

                bushes
                beat the bushes
                If you say that someone is beating the
                bushes, you mean that they are trying very
                hard to get or achieve something. This expression
                is used mainly in American English.
                Maybe Democratic leaders should be beating
                the bushes to register voters to support their
                nominee.
                He was tired of beating the bushes for work,
                and he did not want to ask for help or accept
                charity.

                business
                business as usual

                4

                ‘Business as usual' is used to say that
                everything is continuing in the normal way.
                even though something unpleasant or unexpected
                has happened.
                m

                —j


                    evince -p 74 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

                busman
                business as usual there today despite the

                bombs.

                If these guys are convicted, it could be the beginning
                of a real change. If they're not, it's
                business as usual.
                in business
                If you say that you are in business, you
                mean that you can start doing something because
                you have got everything ready for it.
                This expression Is used in spoken English.
                It plugs in here, right? Okay, we're in business.
                Let's see how it works, guys.
                It'll be all right, Tony. With your man keeping
                tabs on her, we'll be in business the moment
                she makes a move.
                like nobody's business
                If you say that someone is doing something
                like nobody's business, you arc emphasizing
                how well they are doing it or how much of it
                they are doing.
                He sings like Sinatra, dances like Sammy
                Davis, plays piano like nobody's business, and
                lays on the charm like an old pro.
                I mean Geoffrey can chat like nobody's business.

                mean business

                44-4

                If someone shows that they mean business,
                they show that they are serious and determined
                about what they are doing.
                One of them poked a shotgun at me. 1 could
                see he meant business. I gave them what they
                wanted and that's the advice I'd give to anyone
                in the same situation.
                Now, in the wake of the student-led demonstrations,
                the party is trying to convince people
                it means business.
                Once the banker realizes that you mean business
                he or she will find a way to help.

                busman
                a busman's holiday
                4
                If someone spends part of their holiday doing
                or experiencing something that forms part
                of their normal job or everyday life, you can

                say that they are having a busman's holiday.
                This expression is used mainly in Brit
                ish English
                This is probably the best fish restaurant in
                the country - at least one admiring chef a week
                Passes through the cheery dining room on a
                busman's holiday.
                A fire crew's Christmas outing turned into a
                busman's holiday when their coach caught fire.

                busy
                busy bee
                b«sy as a bee

                button

                55

                If you describe someone as a busy bee or
                say that they are busy as a bee, you mean

                that they enjoy doing a lot of things and always
                keep themselves busy.
                T enjoyed being a busy bee, getting things
                done, ' she says in her confident way.
                He is busy as a bee designing every produc
                tion in London.

                butter
                butter wouldn't melt in your mouth 4
                If you say that someone looks as though
                butter wouldn't melt in their mouth, you
                mean that although they look completely innocent,
                they are capable of doing something
                unpleasant or horrible
                He may look as though butter wouldn't melt
                in his mouth, but l wouldn't trust him.
                They looked as though butter wouldn't melt
                in their mouths. They were quite smartly
                dressed and looked like respectable executives.

                butterflies
                butterflies in your stomach
                have butterflies
                get butterflies

                4

                If you say that you have butterflies in your
                stomach, you mean that you feel very nervous
                about something that you have to do.
                He seemed so full of enthusiasm that I felt
                foolish stiU having butterflies in my stomach.
                Now I can go there as a competitor. I'm starting
                to feel the butterflies in my stomach already.

                You can also say that you have butterflies
                or get butterflies.
                Any jockey who says he doesn't get butterflies
                down at the start is telling lies

                butterfly
                break a butterfly on a wheel
                If you talk about breaking a butterfly on a
                wheel, you mean that someone is using far
                more force than is necessary to do something.
                This expression is used in British English.
                The Huglets have had their ideology combed
                over, examined, misinterpreted and rewritten.
                Talk about breaking a butterfly on a wheel.

                button
                at the touch of a button

                444

                If you say that you can do something at the

                a button, you are emphasizing that
                you can do it very easily and quickly, usually
                because of new technology. The nouns 'push'
                and 'press' are sometimes used instead of

                touch of

                'touch'.
                Specially trained staff will be able to trace
                obscene and threatening calls at the touch of a
                button, and pass the information to police.
                The Powerglyde will open and close your curtains
                for you at the mere touch of a button.


                    evince -p 75 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

                button
                Within a few years picking an album, cassette
                or CD of your favourite artist wilt be done at
                the press of a button using a computerised mu
                sic catalogue on a personal computer.

                a hot button

                cake

                56

                44

                If you say that a subject or problem is a hot
                mean that it is topical and controversial.
                and people have very strong feel
                ings about it This expression is used in
                American English.
                If crime is the city's issue most known to outsiders,
                rent control is the city's hot button for
                Us residents.
                He portrays his accusers and his questioners
                as a lynch mob and that hits a hot button in
                the black community.
                Hot-button can be used before a noun.
                He said he wanted a Constitutional amend
                ment to ban abortion and spoke often about
                prayer in the classroom, but he never fought
                hard for those objectives. They are controversial.
                hot button issues that create hazards for
                politicians.
                button, you

                on the button
                If you talk about a time or amount being on
                the button, you mean that it is exactly that
                time or amount. This expression is used

                mainly in American English.
                He'd say he'd meet us at 10.00 on the button.
                We double<ounted it and it's 975,000 dollars

                on the button.
                press the right button
                push the right button
                If you say that someone presses the right
                button or pushes the right button, you
                mean that they cleverly or skilfully do the
                things which are necessary to get what they
                want in a particular situation.
                In what it describes as a well-judged performance,
                the newspaper says he pressed all the
                right buttons to please the representatives.
                In later talks with the chairman, he helped
                his cause by pushing all the right buttons.
                right on the button
                on the button

                4

                If someone says that you are right on the
                button or on the button, they mean that you
                have guessed correctly about something.
                "Am I right?' 'Right on the button. '
                The important thing is that the Treasury's
                forecast was right on the button.
                The one who guesses on the button, picks up
                a big. mystery prize

                c
                caboodle

                cage

                the whole caboodle
                4
                the whole kit and caboodle
                If you refer to the whole caboodle or the
                whole kit and caboodle, you are referring to

                rattle someone's cage

                the whole of something. ‘The whole caboodle'
                is used only in British English.
                I would probably find that 1 could borrow
                the whole lot 1 could borrow the whole caboo
                die.
                No need. then, to throw away the whole kit
                and caboodle.

                cackle
                cut the cackle
                If you tell someone to cut the cackle, you
                are telling them to stop chattering or talking
                in a meaningless way. This is an old

                fashioned expression, which is used in British
                English.
                ‘Right! Cut the cackle!' she snapped.
                The programmes are still packed with
                speeches by party hacks, shouting wooden slogans
                from the platform. Cutting the cackle
                would be a great service to the party and to the
                nation.

                4

                If you rattle someone's cage, you do or say
                something that upsets or annoys them.
                If there's one thing I have learnt as an editor,
                it's that you can't create a truly superb magazine
                without rattling a few cages.
                I don't rattle their cages and they don't rattle
                mine.

                Cain
                raise Cain
                If someone raises Cain, they get very angry
                about something.
                The opposition parties intend to use the budget
                debates to raise Cain over the relationship
                between politicians and gangsters revealed by
                the scandal
                I'm not sure she should come, but l figure
                she'd raise Cain if we tried to say no.

                cake
                have your cake and eat it
                If someone criticizes you for

                wanting to
                have your cake and eat it they are criticiz_
                Ing you for trying to get all the benefits of

                |


                    evince -p 76 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

                cakes
                two different situations or things, when you

                are only entitled to benefit from one of them.

                What he wants is a switch to a market economy
                in a way which does not reduce people's
                standard of living. To many, of course, this
                sounds like wanting to have his cake and eat
                it.
                The spokesman said Lithuanians wanted
                both independence and the privileges of belong
                ing to the USSR, but they couldn't have their
                cake and eat it.
                The fact that you have accepted his affairs
                over the years, when he tells you he can't help
                himself, has enabled him, to put it bluntly, to
                have his cake and eat it.

                take the cake

                If you say that someone or something takes
                the cake, you are expressing surprise or anger
                at their extreme behaviour or qualities.
                Take the biscuit means the same.
                With his one good arm the driver tore off his
                oxygen mask and reached through the wreckage
                to answer his mobile phone Officers say
                they get to see some pretty odd things at times
                but that one just about takes the cake.

                cakes
                cakes and ale
                You can use cakes and ale to refer to a
                time or activity when you enjoy yourself
                greatly and have no troubles. This expression
                is used in British English.
                Devotees of study holidays are quick to claim

                that being pale and acquiring poetic sensitivity
                does not necessarily mean stinting on the cakes
                and ale.

                calf
                kill the fatted calf
                if you say that someone kills the fatted
                calf, you mean that they celebrate and do
                everything they can to welcome back a person
                who has been away for a period of time.
                He went off to make movies, and rumour has
                it that, when he returned, his record company
                didn 't exactly kill the fatted calf.
                This expression comes from a story in the
                Bible about a father who celebrated the return
                of his son by killing a calf and preparing

                a feast.

                call
                a close call

                «4

                If you say that something was a close call,

                y°u

                candle

                57

                are indicating that someone very nearly
                an accident or disaster, or very nearly
                suffered a defeat. You can replace 'call' with
                thing-.
                . That was a close call,' Bess gasped, as the

                It was a close call and looking back now l
                have no doubt that if my friend hadn't acted so
                promptly I would be dead.
                The contest had shown that the gap between
                man and computer was narrowing. ‘It was an
                extremely close thing. It shows that it can only
                be a matter of time before the computer wins. '

                camp
                a camp follower
                You refer to someone as a camp follower
                when they follow or associate themselves with
                a particular person or group, either because
                they admire or support them, or because they
                hope to gain advantages from them. This expression
                is often used to show contempt. It is
                sometimes used to refer to women who are
                willing to have sex with the person or people
                that they want to be associated with.
                Brecht was surrounded by 'groupies', by
                ‘camp-followers' hosts of imaginative and mu
                sical young and older women seemed to, or did,
                dote on him.
                Even in my day as a player, we had our
                camp followers.

                pitch camp
                If you say that someone pitches camp, you
                mean that they temporarily settle somewhere
                or have control of a certain area.
                As reporters pitched camp outside the Bennett
                home in Faversham, Kent, the family's political
                differences became public concern

                can
                carry the can
                4-4
                If you carry the can for something that has
                gone wrong, you take the blame for it even
                though you are not the only person respon
                sible for it This expression is used in British
                English.

                It annoys me that 1 was the only one who
                carried the can for that defeat.
                Members of the Government decided to let
                Alan carry the can. They thought. ‘Why not
                pick on him, he'll take the blame. '

                in the can
                If a film or piece of filming is in the can, it
                has been successfully completed.
                We had to lie motionless for rehearsal after
                rehearsal, take after take, until the scene was
                in the can.
                We've got the interview in the can.

                candle
                burn the candle at both ends
                *
                If you say that someone is burning the
                candle at both ends, you mean that they are
                going to have problems because they are trying
                to do too much and. for example, are


                    evince -p 77 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

                candy
                regularly going to bed very late even though
                they have to get up early in the morning.
                Most people need six or seven hours each
                night and you're burning the candle at both
                ends if you regularly sleep for less than five.
                Frank delighted in burning the candle at

                both ends. No matter how much of a night-life
                he was living, he maintained our ritual of an

                breakfast
                4
                can't hold a candle to someone
                If you are comparing two people or things
                early

                and you say that the first can't hold a candle
                to the second, you mean that the second
                is much better than the first.
                There are football players now valued in the
                £2m bracket who can't hold a candle to lan in
                terms of ability.
                Surveys reveal that most people glean their
                knowledge of science from television. Newspapers.
                books and radio cannot hold a candle
                to television.

                not worth the candle
                •4
                the game is not worth the candle
                If you say that something is not worth the
                candle, you mean that it is not worth the
                trouble or effort which is needed in order to
                achieve or obtain it. This expression is used
                mainly in British English.
                Sir David has described the democratic reforms
                proposed by the governor as 'not worth
                the candle".
                If it means falling into my present state afterwards.
                writing isn't worth the candle. If I can't
                do it without being in danger of drinking
                again, it's just not worthwhile.
                You can also say that the game is not
                worth the candle.
                It is some kind of a success story to be able to
                boast you married the richest woman in the
                world. But he must sometimes wonder whether
                the game was worth the candle.

                candy

                like a kid in a candy store
                like a child in a sweet shop
                If you say that someone is like a kid in a

                candy store, you mean that they do whatever
                they want and do not restrict or moderate
                their behaviour. This expression is used
                mainly in American English. In British Eng
                lish, you can say ‘sweet shop' instead of ‘candy
                store' Other words such as ‘child' can be

                used instead of ‘kid'.
                He reacted to fame like the proverbial kid in
                a candy store and assumed that any woman
                who interested him would automatically be
                available.
                Brett Brubaker, a money manager at
                Abraham and Sons in Chicago, went on a buy
                canoe

                58

                ing binge and 'felt like a kid in a candy store. '
                he recalls.
                In Westminster the party of law and order
                seems to have become the party of deception
                and distortion. They showed all the monetary
                restraint of a child in a sweet shop.

                like taking candy from a baby
                If you say that doing something is like taking
                candy from a baby, you mean that it is
                very easy.
                In the end it was like taking candy from a
                baby. For the second week in succession the
                Premier league leaders were offered three
                points on a plate and took maximum advantage
                to go four points clear at the top.

                cannon
                cannon fodder

                44

                You refer to soldiers in a war as cannon
                fodder when they are considered unimportant
                by their officers and are sent to fight in the
                most dangerous areas, where they are likely
                to be killed.
                The expendable ‘useless mouths' - the fiftyfive to sixtyfive year-olds would be sent to the
                front as cannon-fodder. Unarmed, they were to
                attack ahead of the regular troops in human
                waves, absorbing the enemy's fire.
                If you're a squaddie, you're regarded as can
                non fodder.
                In journalism, cannon fodder is sometimes

                used to refer to people in other kinds of situation
                where they are made to do difficult, unpleasant,
                or dangerous tasks
                The average member of parliament has little
                sense of commitment, changes parties at the
                drop of a hat, and is treated by his party leaders,
                not surprisingly, as cannon fodder

                a loose cannon

                44

                If you describe someone as a loose cannon,
                you mean that their behaviour is unpredictable
                and therefore could have unfortunate or
                dangerous consequences.
                The current producer held nobody's respect.
                He was a loose cannon.
                There is a widespread worry that the military
                command has turned into a loose cannon beyond
                the control of the government.
                You can also say that someone is a loose
                cannon on the deck
                Thomson can be a loose cannon on the deck.
                He's not easy to control.

                canoe
                paddle your own canoe
                If you paddle your own canoe, you control
                what you want to do without anyone's help of
                interference.
                You now have the self-knowledge and energy


                    evince -p 78 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

                cap
                to paddle your own canoe to a job that's perfect

                fir you.
                As far as the rest cf

                card

                59

                Europe is concerned

                we've just got to paddle our own canoe.

                Now she wanted a big man and she set her
                cap at the biggest star of them all.
                She set her cap at this financially secure and
                rather vague young man who scarcely seemed
                to regard her.

                cap
                4
                cap in hand
                If you go cap in hand to someone, you ask
                them very humbly and respectfully for money
                or help. This expression is used mainly in
                British English; the usual American expression
                is hat in hand.
                Separated from Russia and Central Asia.
                Ukraine has to go cap in hand to its neighbours
                for oil and gas.
                On holiday, if you rely on cash and lose the
                lot you could end up going cap in hand to the
                nearest British consulate.
                if the cap fits
                You can say ‘if the cap fits' when you are
                telling someone that unpleasant or critical remarks
                which have been made about them are
                probably true or fair. This expression is used
                in British English; the American expression
                is if the shoe fits.
                Promotional and activity have become their
                unwieldy middle names, but does the corporate
                capfit?
                This expression is often varied, for example
                by saying 'does the cap fit?' or 'the cap no
                longer fits'.
                put your thinking cap on
                get your thinking cap on
                4
                If you put your thinking cap on or get
                your thinking cap on, you try hard to solve
                a problem by thinking about it.
                In Cairo. Eden. Wavell, Dill. Cunningham.
                and Longmore put on their thinking caps and
                tried to decide where the fleeing British armies
                could make a successful stand.
                We've got five pairs of boots to give away, so
                get your thinking caps on and answer the question.
                This expression is very variable. For example,
                you can use other verbs instead of ‘put'
                and ‘get', or just say thinking caps are on.
                / applied my thinking cap and came up with
                the idea shown which is simplicity itself.
                Thinking caps are on at Sotheby's. After recent
                claims that the country's oldest auction
                house may have lost market share to its archrival, Christie's, Sotheby's marketing and strategy
                departments have been working overtime to
                Plot a comeback.
                Your cap at someone
                lf a woman sets her cap at a man, she tries
                *° make him notice her, usually because she
                wants to marry him. This is an old-fashioned
                “fitish expression, which is used mainly in

                novels

                capital
                Life with a capital L
                Art with a capital A

                44

                You say, for example, ‘Life with a capital
                L' or 'Art with a capital A' to draw attention
                to the word ‘life' or ‘art' and emphasize its
                significance. You often do this to suggest that
                someone is taking something too seriously.
                Students thought studying psychology would
                tell them something about Life with a capital
                I.
                The British tend to see things in terms of
                principles with a capital P.
                You also use this expression to suggest that
                someone or something is a very good example
                of the kind of thing mentioned, or has a particular
                quality to a great extent.
                Here it comes folks, the biggest, most rip
                roaring, full-throttle movie yarn of the year,
                and resplendent movie with a capital M it most
                certainly is.
                By many standards of measure, Peter was indeed
                Great with a capital G.

                carbon
                a carbon copy

                44

                If you say that one person or thing is a carbon
                copy of another, you mean that the two
                people or things seem to be identical, or very
                similar.
                She's always been quiet. She's a carbon copy
                of her mother - her mother always hated making

                a fuss.

                For decades, the organization has been a carbon
                copy of the Communist Party, mouthing its
                rhetoric and blindly obeying its commands.

                card
                a calling card

                4

                If you describe what someone possesses or
                has achieved as a calling card, you mean
                that it gives them a lot of opportunities which
                they would not otherwise have had.
                Some cabinet ministers, comparing their likely
                pension with their lifestyle, are tempted to
                look for jobs in the City while their present status
                remains a calling card.
                Cary Roger says Mr Trupin used the New
                York magazine cover story about him as 'his
                calling card'.
                Despite the temptation to make low-budget
                films only as Hollywood calling cards, one director
                has remained true to the independent


                    evince -p 79 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

                cards
                spirit, that is to making the film he wants to

                make.
                In American English, a calling card is a
                small card printed with your name and other
                personal information, which you give to people
                when you visit or meet them.

                a wild card

                4

                You describe someone or something as a
                wild card when they cause uncertainty, because
                nobody knows how they will behave or
                what effects they will have.
                The Cossacks are the wild card in Kazakhstan.
                Armed and anarchic, they claim a million
                supporters and demand official recognition
                as a paramilitary force.
                One wild card in the situation is the recent
                election of Jean Chretien as the leader of the
                opposition Liberal Party.

                cards
                in the cards

                44

                If you say that something is in the cards,
                you mean that it is very likely to happen.
                This expression is used in American English;
                the British expression is on the cards.
                Reform of the way hospitals, schools and universities
                are funded is in the cards.
                He believes an invasion was never in the
                cards.

                on the table
                4
                put your cards on the table
                If you lay your cards on the table or put
                your cards on the table, you tell someone

                lay your cards

                the truth about your feelings and plans.
                I will lay my cards on the table. I am an
                atheist.
                We were shy of talking about the future because
                we hadn't laid our cards on the table.
                Put your cards on the table and be very clear
                about your complaints This should clear the
                air

                on the cards

                444

                If you say that something is on the cards,
                you mean that it is very likely to happen.
                This expression is used in British English;
                the American expression is in the cards.
                If he demands loo much, the unions will vote
                him down. So a compromise is on the cards.
                A political turn to the right was on the cards.
                I think he'd like us to become engaged.
                There's no need to look so surprised It's been
                on the cards, as they say. for a long time.
                play your cards right
                4
                If you play your cards right, you use your
                skills to do all the things that are necessary
                in order to succeed or gain an advantage.
                This expression is used mainly in British
                English.

                carrot

                60

                Soon, if she played her cards right, she would
                be head of the Ixindon office.
                The idea took root in his imagination that he
                could actually win an election provided that he
                played his cards right

                carpet
                on the carpet
                call someone on the carpet
                In British English, if someone is on the carpet,
                they are in trouble for doing something
                wrong. In American English, you say that
                they are called on the carpet.
                The 22-year-old bad boy of English cricket
                was on the carpet again this week for storming
                out of the ground when told to wear one of the
                club's sponsored shirts.
                In my hospital, if I ever allowed a nurse or a
                technician to work alongside me without wear
                ing gloves, I'd be called on the carpet immediately
                for not protecting our staff.

                roll out the red carpet
                4
                If you roll out the red carpet for someone,
                especially someone famous or important, you
                give them a special welcome and treat them
                as an honoured guest.
                The red carpet was rolled out for Mr

                Honecker during his visit to Bonn in 1987.
                The museum staff rolled out the red carpet;
                although it was a Sunday, the deputy director
                came in especially to show us round
                You can also say that someone receives red
                carpet treatment or a red carpet welcome.
                Castro says he's open to any business proposition
                from abroad, and last week he gave the
                red carpet treatment to some of Spain's most
                right-wing business people
                Yeltsin arrived in Rome this morning to a
                red carpet welcome by Italian officials.
                sweep something under the carpet
                444

                If you sweep something under the carpet,
                you try to hide it and forget about it because
                you find it embarrassing or shameful Other
                verbs such as ‘brush' and ‘push' are sometimes
                used instead of ‘sweep' This expression
                is used mainly in British English; the usual
                American expression is sweep something under
                the rug.
                People often assume if you sweep something
                under the carpet the problem will go away, bid
                that is not the case.
                The problem has been brushed under the carpet
                for decades.

                carrot
                carrot and stick
                If someone uses a carrot and stick

                4-4

                method

                to make you do something, they try to make
                you do it. first by offering you rewards and


                    evince -p 80 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

                carry
                then by threatening you. Compare carry a
                big stick; see stick.
                But Congress also wants to use a carrot and
                stick approach to force both sides to negotiate
                an end to the war.
                With the announcement that the hostages are
                to be released, it appears that Washington's
                new carrot-and-stick policy may have already
                brought results.
                Q 'Carrot' and ‘stick' are also used in many
                other structures with a similar meaning.
                Protests continued, however, so the authorities
                substituted the carrot for the stick.
                When the Security Council waves a stick at
                an offending country, the secretary-general can
                also offer a carrot as encouragement.

                dangle a carrot in front of someone

                ofTer someone a carrot

                44

                If someone dangles a carrot in front of
                you or offers you a carrot, they try to per
                suade you to do something by offering you a
                reward if you do it.
                She was very concerned about the speeches he
                was making and dangled carrots in front of
                his nose to try to shut him up.
                An additional carrot being dangled in front
                of the Spanish is to move the headquarters of
                the company running the project from Munich
                to Madrid.
                He is to offer the public a new carrot by reversing
                this week's doubling of petrol prices
                and rent increases on state flats.
                This expression is often varied.
                The money's dangling there like a huge carrot.
                and you want to grab it.
                Tax cuts may be offered as a carrot to voters
                ahead of the next election.

                carry
                carry all before you

                4

                If someone carries all before them, they
                are successful in a task or activity, and defeat
                all their rivals. This expression is used in

                British English.

                He had clearly won the popular vote, and his
                supporters thought he had carried all before

                him
                Newcastle United under Keegan were carrying
                before them, winning their matches and
                opening up an enviable lead at the top of the
                First Division.

                cart
                Put the cart before the horse

                cash

                61

                4

                you criticize someone for putting the
                ca*i before the horse, you think that they
                , e making a mistake by doing things in the
                Wr°ng order.
                Creating large numbers of schools before im

                proving school management is putting the cart

                before the horse.
                The old way of running public spending put
                the cart before the horse, by inviting ministers
                to make spending bids before the government
                determined the overall level of public spending
                which it could afford.

                D This expression is very variable.
                They want to go down the road with the cart
                before the horse and spend the money before
                they have made it
                We put them in a situation where they are encouraged
                to win at all costs before we've actually
                taught them the skills. We've got ourselves
                a cart before-the horse situation

                case
                be on someone's case
                get on someone's case
                get off someone's case
                If you say that someone is on your case,
                you mean that they keep criticizing you in an
                annoying way, because they think that you
                have behaved badly. You can also say that
                someone is getting on your case.
                'My sister was on my case about that joke all
                night,' he continued. 'She told me it was com
                pletely sick and creepy and that you could have
                been really scared. ‘
                Joame's my best friend, but she can be kind
                cf a pain sometimes. 1 just didn't want her get
                ting on my case about something that didn't
                mean anything.
                O If someone tells you to get off their case,
                they are telling you in an impolite way to
                stop criticizing them.
                Get off my case, will you ? I'll tell them.

                on the case

                4

                If you say that you are on the case, you
                mean that you are dealing with a particular

                problem or situation.
                All 1 know so far is that you dip the pasta
                sheets in olive oil before cooking. I am, however.
                on the case, and as soon as l have the
                recipe. I'll let you know.
                Often the missions seem designed only as photo
                opportunities, a chance for politicians to
                show the folks at home they're on the case.

                cash
                a cash cow

                4

                If you refer to a source of money as a cash
                cow, you mean that it continues to produce a
                large amount of money and prefit over a long
                period, without needing a lot of funding.
                The park has been a cash cow for the city.
                Property and sales taxes there account for approximately
                15 per cent of the city's general

                fund

                The company wanted the transition to be so


                    evince -p 81 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

                castles
                gradual that it could milk its cash cow to the
                last drop.

                castles
                castles in the air
                castles in Spain
                If you say that someone is building castles
                in the air, you mean that they have unrealistic
                plans or hopes for the future. In British
                English, you can also say that they are building
                castles in Spain

                'Along the way I have to become very very
                rich.' He shook his head in wonder at her.
                'You're building castles in the air, Anne.'
                However. I also have a rich imaginary life,
                my equivalent of castles in Spain.

                cat
                cat and mouse
                444
                a game of cat and mouse
                In a contest or dispute, if one person plays
                cat and mouse with another, the first person
                tries to confuse or deceive the second in order
                to defeat them. You can also say that they
                play a game of cat and mouse.
                He would play cat-and-mouse with other riders,
                sometimes waiting until the fourth lap to
                come from behind and win.
                A diplomatic game of cat and mouse is continuing
                between the United Nations and the
                warring factions in the Yugoslav crisis.
                D Cat and mouse is also used before 'game'
                or another noun.
                He was forced to drive around and use his
                car telephone to tell police what was going on
                as Amos played a cat and mouse game with of
                ficers.

                They were arrested after a cat-and-mouse
                chase through the fields.

                a cat on hot bricks
                a cat on a hot tin roof
                If you say that someone is as nervous or
                restless as a cat on hot bricks, you mean
                that they are very nervous or restless.
                Why are you shifting from one foot to the other
                like a cat on hot bricks?
                D The expression a cat on a hot tin roof is
                sometimes used. This is also the title of a
                play by Tennessee Williams.
                The company has unbalanced inventories and
                executives who are as nervous as a cat on a
                hot tin

                roof.

                the cat's whiskers
                If you describe someone or something as the
                cat's whiskers, you are saying in a lighthearted
                way that they are the best person or
                thing of their kind. This is an oldfashioned
                which is used in British English

                expression,

                62

                cat
                As far as knowing the market and supplying
                it are concerned, she's the cat's whiskers.
                Loose Ends release a long, long awaited new
                single on August 16. A new album will follow
                in October. Both are reliably tipped as the cat's
                whiskers.
                D If someone thinks that they are the cat's
                whiskers, they are very pleased with themselves
                or very proud of themselves.
                She had this great dress on with huge skirts,
                and she thought she was the cat's whiskers as
                she came out along the gallery.
                444
                a fat cat
                You can refer to a businessman or politician

                as a fat cat when you disapprove of the way
                they use their wealth, power, and privileges.
                for example because it seems unfair or wrong

                to you.
                The Government should launch an inquiry
                into the fat cats of commerce making huge
                prefits out of the public.
                Yet again privatisation is seen to line the
                pockets of City fat cats at the expense of the
                customer.
                D You can also use fat cat before a noun.
                The taxpayer will be left to pay while the fat
                cat businessmen get the cream of Britain s rail
                services.
                In a populist style, he promised to eliminate
                fat-cat salaries for union bosses and increase
                worker wages and job security.
                fight like cat and dog
                -4
                If you say that two people fight like cat
                and dog. you mean that they frequently have
                violent arguments with each other.
                'We used to fight like cat and dog, ' she says.
                'He was unfaithful, dishonest and chauvinistic.
                But whenever I looked at him my heart
                melted '
                They had fought like cat and dog ever since
                he could remember, and he wondered how
                they'd got together in the first place.
                4
                grin like a Cheshire cat
                If you say that someone is grinning like a
                Cheshire cat, you mean that they are grinning
                broadly, usually in a foolish way. Other

                verbs are sometimes used instead of 'grin'.
                Standing on the door step and grinning like
                a Cheshire Cat was Bertie Owen.
                Finally he'd come indoors smiling like a
                Cheshire cat, and I'd help him undress and get
                him into bed.
                Charles was sitting in his place, looking like
                a Cheshire cat, when I joined him.
                You can also say that someone has a
                Cheshire cat grin or a Cheshire cat smile
                I complained, but Jennifer stood there with
                her Cheshire cat grin.
                A beaming Steve stood in the background,

                I


                    evince -p 82 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

                cat
                nodding his head up and down and wearing a

                Cheshire Cat smile on his face.
                4
                let the cat out of the bag
                if someone lets the cat out of the bag, they
                reveal something secret or private, often without
                meaning to.
                She'd known she was taking a real, if rela
                tively small, risk in letting the cat out

                cf the
                about Jacobs.
                "The Mosses didn't tell the cops my name, did
                they?' ‘Of course not,' she said. 'They wouldn't
                want to let the cat out of the bag.'
                You can say that the cat is out of the bag
                when a secret has been revealed.
                The cat was well and truly out cf the bag.
                The biggest sex scandal for years was about to
                overtake the government.
                bag

                like a scalded cat
                If a person or animal moves like a scalded
                cat, they move very fast, as though they have

                been suddenly frightened or shocked. This expression is used in British English.
                Scrambling around to recover his glasses, the
                scientist darted to his car like a scalded cat
                and clambered quickly in.
                The Derby winner cf that year set off like a

                scalded cat. and was never caught.

                like the cat that got the cream
                like the cat that ate the canary
                If you say that someone looks like the cat
                that got the cream or like the cat that ate
                the canary, you mean that they look satisfied
                and happy with themselves, for example because
                they have been successful or done
                something they are proud of. 'Like the cat
                that got the cream' is used mainly in British
                English.
                'Thanks a million,' he repeats, grinning like
                the cat that nearly got the cream.
                I dare soy you've noticed that Hugh's acting
                much like a cat that got into the cream.
                dule stands at one end, and on his face, more
                clearly than on those <f his colleagues, is the
                look of the cat that ate the canary.

                look like something the cat dragged in
                If you say that someone or something looks
                oke something the cat dragged in, you are
                saying in an unkind way that they look very
                unpleasant or unappealing. Instead of
                “nagged in', you can use, for example, ‘left'.
                It is still possible to be an intelligent and sucessful lady and look like something the cat
                dragged in. What money cannot buy is

                sense.

                Although the dish ‘tasted great', he advises

                . noing u in

                ,l*e

                cat

                63

                the dark, ‘since the topping looks
                something the cat left'.

                look what the cat's dragged in
                You can say ‘look what the cat's dragged
                in' when someone arrives to express your dislike
                or disapproval of them, or as a light-hearted way of greeting them
                In strolls Babs 'Now look what the cat's
                dragged in, ' says Jeanie, with a nod.

                no room to swing a cat
                If you say that there is no room to swing a
                cat in a place, you are emphasizing that it is
                very small and there is very little space. This
                expression is very variable. It is used mainly
                in British English.
                Inside, there is no room to swing a cat. and
                everything you see and touch is the most basic
                junk.
                It was billed as a large, luxury mobile home,
                but there was barely room to swing a cat.
                We went into the ward, and my first thought

                was. how is she

                going to sleep. You couldn't

                swing a cat.

                put the cat among the pigeons
                set the cat among the pigeons

                4

                If a remark or action puts the cat among
                the pigeons or sets the cat among the pigeons,
                it causes trouble or upset. Other verbs
                can be used instead of 'put' or 'set'. This expression
                is used in British English.
                The bank is poised to put the cat among the
                pigeons this morning try slashing the cost of
                borrowing.
                Once again she set the cat among the pigeons.
                claiming that Michael was lying.
                This whole thing has thrown the cat amongst
                the pigeons. There are people m the area at the
                moment apparently trying to establish whether
                there is any more land that can be claimed.

                see which way the cat jumps
                If someone waits to see which way the cat

                jumps, they delay making a decision or taking
                action on something until they are more

                confident about how the situation will develop.
                This expression is used mainly in British
                English.
                I'm going to sit tight and see which way the
                cat jumps.

                there's more than one way to skin a

                cat

                4

                People say ‘there's more than one way to
                skin a cat' when they want to point out that
                there are several ways to achieve something.
                not just the conventional way. This expres
                sion is very variable.
                Ministers who previously insisted there was
                no alternative to Britain's ERM policy were
                last night saying: 'There is more than one way

                to skin a cat '
                Major, in the words of one minister, had discovered
                'there are more ways to skin a cat'. He


                    evince -p 83 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

                catbird
                had at last found a way to bring down interest
                rates.

                when the cat's away, the mice will
                play
                If you say ‘when the cat's away, the mice
                will play' or ‘while the cat's away, the
                mice will play', you mean that people do
                what they want or misbehave when their boss
                or another person in authority is away.
                ‘What's the hurry?" he croaked. 'While the
                cat 's away the mice will play.'
                D People sometimes just say ‘when the cat's
                away' or 'while the cat's away'.
                While the cat's away - when a supervisor was
                out, some employees began straggling in late.

                catbird
                in the catbird seat
                If someone is sitting in the catbird seat,
                they are in an important or powerful position.

                This is an old-fashioned expression, which is
                used in American English.
                'The sonofabitch couldn't get along without
                me. ' 'Yeah, he'd go broke tomorrow if you left
                him, right? And you, you'd be sitting in the
                catbird seat, right?'
                If l can run around the world and buy that
                particular group, then Til be in the catbird's
                seat.

                Catch
                a Catch 22

                caution
                throw caution to the wind

                get experience.
                D You can also say that you are in a Catch
                22 situation or position.
                It's a Catch 22 situation here. Nobody wants
                to support you until you're successful, particularly
                if you're a woman. But without the support
                    how can you ever be successful?
                This expression comes from Catch 22, the
                title of a novel by Joseph Heller.

                cats
                it's raining cats and dogs
                You say ‘it's raining cats and dogs' to emphasize
                that it is raining very heavily. This
                Is considered old fashioned in Brit
                ish English.
                'Could you see how he looked?' 'Not really It
                was raining cats and dogs by then.'
                'You mean she wasn't wearing a coat, even
                though it was raining cats and dogs?'

                44

                If you throw caution to the wind or throw

                caution to the winds, you do something
                without worrying about the risks and danger
                involved.
                If he seems mad about you too, do you still
                play it cool or just throw caution to the wind
                and er\joy?
                This was no time to think, he decided. He
                threw caution to the winds and rang the bell of
                the ground-floor flat.

                cent
                not one red cent
                not a red cent
                If you complain that you get not one red
                cent from someone or that they do not give
                you a red cent, you mean that you do not get
                any money from them at all, even though you
                feel you ought to. This expression is used
                mainly in American English.

                At an average return to the bank of 13 percent
                over ten years, the bank made £12,480 of
                interest using the couple's money. The couple,
                of course, received not one red cent.'
                But investors have to remember that with
                many shows they won't get a red cent back. '

                centre
                centre stage

                A Catch 22 is an extremely frustrating
                situation in which one thing cannot happen
                until another thing has happened, but the other
                thing cannot happen until the first thing
                has happened.
                There's a Catch 22 in social work. You need
                experience to get work and you need work to

                expression

                cents

                64

                444

                If someone or something takes centre stage,
                they become the most significant or noticeable
                person or item in a situation. If they hold
                centre stage, they are the most significant or
                noticeable person or item.
                In his fiction, drugs don't take center stage
                very often, but they are a persistent theme.
                She has held centre stage for a decade now
                and has just enjoyed her biggest US hit in
                years.
                The summit is the first time he has occupied
                centre stage at an important international
                gathering since coming to power last year.
                'Centre' is spelled 'center' in American
                English.

                cents
                your two cents' worth
                If you have or you put in your two cents'
                worth, you give your opinion about

                some
                thing, even if nobody has asked you for it
                People occasionally replace 'two' with another
                number. This expression is used mainly if
                American English, but is becoming more conv
                mon in British English. Your two penn'orth

                means the same.

                Your father kept telling me to hush up ond
                don't be a damn fool, but you know me, 1 had
                to put in my two cents' worth.


                    evince -p 84 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

                chaff
                chaff
                separate the wheat from the chafT
                separate the grain from the chaff

                sort the wheat from the chaff

                -4

                If you separate the wheat from the chaff
                or separate the grain from the chaff, you
                decide which things or people in a group are
                good or necessary, and which are not. You
                ran use 'sort' or 'sort out' instead of 'sepa
                rate'.

                The reality is often blurred by an overdose of
                propaganda. It is becoming more and more difficult
                to separate the wheat from the chaff.
                It's up to Wilkinson to sort out the wheat
                from the chaff and get the team back to the top
                of the table before it's too late.
                D You can refer to the good or necessary
                things or people in a group as ‘wheat' or
                grain', and to the others as 'chafT.
                Very little wheat in all this chaff
                Was there rather less grain than chaff?

                chain
                pull someone's chain
                yank someone's chain
                If you pull someone's chain or yank their
                chain, you tease them about something, for
                example by telling them something which is
                not true These expressions are used mainly
                in American English.

                He sat next to Wade's car, and he decided to
                take it: what the hell, why not? Let the man
                show him just how far he could go. Pull his
                chain, rattle his cage, and shake the man up a
                little.
                I glared at her, and she smiled. When would
                I learn to smarten up and ignore her when she
                yanked my chain?

                chalice
                a

                poisoned chalice
                If you refer to a job or an opportunity as a
                Poisoned chalice, you mean that it seems to
                be very attractive but you believe that it will,
                •n fact, lead to failure or a very unpleasant
                situation. This expression is used mainly in
                British English
                Some people even claimed that the president
                °Ppointed his former rival only in the belief
                that he was giving him a poisoned chalice and
                that he would not last more than a year.
                The contract may yet prove to be a poisoned

                chalice.

                chalk
                a long chalk

                You can use
                s

                chance

                65

                by a long chalk to add emphato a statement you are making, especially
                negative statement or one that contains a

                superlative. This expression is used in British
                English.
                The rest of us hadn 't finished our drinks, not
                by a long chalk, but Finn seemed to want

                more.

                Where do you think you're going. Kershaw?
                You haven't finished by a long chalk.
                In fact this book is by a long chalk the best
                life of Sayers so far published.

                chalk and cheese
                4
                If you say that two people or two things are
                like chalk and cheese, you are emphasizing
                that they are completely different from each
                other. This expression is used in British English.

                Marianne and Ellis just aren't compatible,
                they are like chalk and cheese. She is a serious.
                conscientious type while he is erratic and care
                free.

                Our relationship works because we are very
                aware of our differences, we accept that we are
                chalk and cheese.
                She was 16, idyllically pretty and socuilly successful.
                As different from me as chalk from

                cheese.

                chance
                an eye for the main chance
                4
                the main chance
                You can say that someone has an eye for
                the main chance or an eye on the main
                chance when you believe that they are always
                looking for an easy opportunity to make
                money or to improve their situation. This ex
                pression is used in British English.
                Are these the words of a genuine football reformer.
                or an opportunist with an eye for the

                main chance?
                You make your own money and luck by being
                out in the world with your eye on the main
                chance and doing nothing risky.
                You can also use the main chance with a
                verb such as ‘look for' or take'.
                He was just an idle boaster looking for the
                main chance.
                She longs for them to succeed, to take the
                main chance, and she grieves with them for
                their failures.

                not a cat in hell's chance
                not a snowball's chance in hell
                not have a chance in hell
                If you say that there is not a cat in hell's
                chance or not a snowball's chance in hell
                of someone doing something, you are empha
                sizing that there is no chance at all of them
                being able to do it. You can also say that
                someone does not have a chance in hell of
                doing something. These expressions are used
                in spoken British English.
                The chairman of the finance committee said


                    evince -p 85 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

                change
                £44 was totally unrealistic. 'There's not a cat in
                hell's chance of setting such a low figure, ' he

                said.
                The probability of being caught was horrendously
                high, (f I was caught with all the film
                on me I had not a snowball's chance in hell of
                talking my way out of it.
                They have not a chance in hell of privatising
                the economy. They have no idea how a free
                market works.
                This expression is very variable. For example,
                you can also say that there is not a cat's
                chance in hell or not a snowflake's chance
                in hell of someone doing something.
                None of these three conditions makes any
                sense, nor is there a cat's chance in hell of any
                of them being accepted.
                Radio listeners heard him discussing Aids
                and saying there was hardly ‘a snowflake's
                chance in hell' of catching it.
                He told me the proposal had as much chance
                as a snowball in the Arizona desert.

                change
                a change of heart
                If someone has a change of

                444

                heart, their attitude
                towards something changes
                At the last minute, she had a change cf heart
                about selling it. It had been in her family for
                generations.
                The government's change cf heart on debt relief
                for the poorest countries is very good news.
                It wasn't always immediately clear whether
                their change of heart was genuine or a cover.

                get no change out of someone
                If you get no change out of someone, you
                no help from them at all. Other words can
                be used instead of ‘no'. This expression is
                used in British English.
                You won't get any change out of him. so don't
                expect it. And no promotion, either.
                We didn't seem to get a lot of change out cf
                them when we had problems.
                get

                changes
                ring the changes
                If you ring the changes, you make altera
                tions in the way something is organized or
                done in order to vary or improve it. This expression
                is used in British English.
                I like to ring the changes with dark curtains
                in the winter, and light Indian ones in the

                summer.
                The different varieties within each brand en
                able you to ring the changes to ensure that

                your dog

                never gets bored with his food.

                and verse on a subject, you mean that they
                give you all the details of it. without missing
                anything out.
                It gives chapter and verse on how to select a
                product, advertising, distribution and finances.
                But I'm going to need chapter and verse on
                all this before I can tackle the Home Office
                When we expressed doubts they handed us the
                proof, chapter and verse.

                a chapter of accidents
                If a series of unlucky events happens in a
                short time, you can describe it as a chapter
                of accidents. This expression is used in British
                English.
                Luckily for him, few people were witness to
                this chapter of accidents.
                In fiction, however, such a chapter of accidents
                can end up seeming comic

                charity
                charity begins at home
                4
                If you say ‘charity begins at home', you
                mean that you should deal with the needs of
                people close to you before you think about
                helping others. You can use ‘start' instead of
                ‘begin'.
                Charity begins at home. There are many
                tasks right on campus that need volunteers as
                well
                There are other cases in other countries but I
                think that charity should start at home

                chase
                cut to the chase
                If someone cuts to the chase, they start
                talking about or dealing with what is really
                important, instead of less important things
                This expression is used in American English.
                Solo came to our room He talked about the
                need to see all points of view, then he cut to the
                chase 'Well, it looks like there is nothing here
                for me. I'm planning to fly back. '
                The Council ought to cut to the chase and
                make a political decision based on what Council
                members feel is the best use for the house.

                cheek
                cheek by jowl

                -4

                If you say that someone gives you chapter

                44

                If you say that people or things are cheek
                by jowl, you mean that they are very close
                together, especially in a way that seems unde
                sirable or inconvenient
                You'd think living so close would make people
                friendlier, but it didn't. After about seven
                years, all this living cheek by-jowl began to irritate
                people.

                chapter
                chapter and verse

                cheek

                66

                You had great unemployment, and you
                an isolated population that lived cheek by

                had
                j°vy

                —1


                    evince -p 86 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

                cheese
                in tne country. It's just the most explosive

                situation you could think of.
                In the drawing room, fine Coalport and Dres
                den china is placed cheek by jowl with wooden
                candle-sconces that probably once graced a
                merry go round.
                44
                turn the other cheek
                If you turn the other cheek when someone
                harms or insults you, you decide not to take

                any action against them in return.
                Ian must learn to turn the other cheek, no
                matter what the provocation.
                If they are unwilling to deal with the racists.
                we will lake matters into our own hands by
                any means necessary. The days of turning the
                other cheek are long over.

                cheese
                a big cheese

                4

                If you describe someone as a big cheese,
                you mean that they have an important and
                powerful position in an organization. This is

                an informal expression.
                Henri Maire is undoubtedly the big cheese of
                the Jura wine producers, dominating the in
                dustry not only locally but also nationally and
                internationally.
                During the conference big cheeses from the
                State Department were dropping in and out all
                the time.
                O Big cheese can also be used before a noun.
                He was a big-cheese divorce lawyer.

                cheque
                a blank cheque

                44

                If you give someone a blank cheque to do
                something, you give them complete authority
                to do what they think is best in a difficult
                situation. This expression is used mainly in
                talking about politics.
                De Klerk had, in a sense, been given a blank
                cheque to negotiate the new South Africa.
                He says he doesn't support a resolution giving
                Ihe president a blank check to commit the nation
                to war at an unspecified time and under
                unspecified circumstances.
                The resolution was later viewed as the blank
                cheque for US involvement in Vietnam.
                c If you write a blank cheque for someone,
                you promise them an unlimited amount of

                tooney.

                We are not prepared to write a blank cheque
                companies that have run into trouble

                nr°ugh

                indifferait

                chestnuts

                67

                management.

                expression is often used literally to
                zjean that
                someone gives another person a
                amount of money written
                o~'e9ue; without anspelled
                is
                'check' In American
                Engl*

                chest
                get something off your chest

                44

                If you get something off your chest, you
                talk about a problem that has been worrying
                you for a long time, and you feel better be

                cause of this.
                My doctor gave me the opportunity to talk
                and get things off my chest.
                Sarah certainly seemed as though she had to
                get a lot off her chest.

                play your cards close to your chest
                keep your cards close to your chest *
                If you play your cards close to your chest
                or keep your cards close to your chest, you
                do not tell anyone about your plans or
                thoughts. Play your cards close to the vest
                means the same.
                Williams is playing his cards close to his
                chest, especially in terms of his driver line-up

                for next season.

                The Prime Minister was said yesterday to be
                keeping his cards close to his chest after an informal
                discussion at cabinet on Thursday
                'Cards' is often replaced with other nouns.
                Taylor kept his thoughts close to his chest.
                saying only: ‘I'm not prepared to comment. '
                She looked up. meeting her friend's eye. 'Have
                you inside information?' ‘Afraid not Dave's
                playing this one close to his chest '

                chestnut
                an old chestnut
                a hoary old chestnut

                44

                If you refer to a statement, story, or idea as
                an old chestnut or a hoary old chestnut,
                you mean that it has been repeated so often
                that it is no longer interesting. This expres
                sion is used mainly in British English.
                But above all, the feminist struggle is too important
                to become an old chestnut over which
                people groan.
                The film is based on the hoary old chestnut of
                good twin/ bad twin, separated at birth, final
                fatal meeting - you get the idea.

                chestnuts
                pull someone's chestnuts out of the fire
                If you pull someone's chestnuts out of the
                fire, you save that person from a very difficult
                situation which they have got themselves
                into, or you solve their problems for them.
                This is an old-fashioned expression.
                Presidents frequently try to use the CIA to
                pull their chestnuts out of the fire.
                It's not our business, pulling their chestnuts
                out

                of the fire.


                    evince -p 87 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

                chicken
                chicken
                chicken and egg: 1
                If you describe something as a chicken and
                egg situation, you mean that you cannot decide
                which of two related things happened
                first and caused the other.
                First of all, the link between current global
                temperature and carbon-dioxide emissions is
                not a chicken and egg situation. Cause and effect
                are quite clear.
                It's a chicken-and-egg argument about which
                comes first: Do people create a neighborhood
                lifestyle? Or does a neighborhood environment
                influence how residents live?

                chicken and egg: 2
                If you say that something is a chicken and
                egg situation, you mean that it is impossible
                to deal with a problem because the solution is
                also the cause of the problem.
                Until we get promotion, we won't get the top
                players. But until we get top players, we won't
                win promotion. It's a chicken and egg situa
                lion
                The Zoo may close for lack cf public support.
                It is a chicken-and-egg situation in which the
                high cost of entry keeps people away

                chicken feed:1
                If you refer to an amount, usually of money,
                as chicken feed, you mean that it is very
                small. This expression is often used to emphasize
                that one amount is very small in com
                parison with another.

                The £70.000a year backing received from
                sponsors is chicken feed compared to the £20m
                budgets available to some of his rivals.
                If the shipyard, which employs 4,000, does not
                get the long-awaited government order, the
                Renfrew job losses will look like chicken-feed.

                chicken feed: 2
                If you say that someone or something is
                chicken feed, you mean that they are insignificant,
                especially in comparison to another
                person or thing.
                There's Masters, too. He's the biggest threat.
                We're just chickenfeed.

                like a headless chicken
                like a chicken with its head cut off «
                If you say that someone is running around
                like a headless chicken or like a chicken

                with its head cut off, you are criticizing
                them for behaving in an uncontrolled or disorganized
                way, and not thinking calmly or
                logically. ‘Like a headless chicken' is used
                only in British English.
                Instead of running round like a headless
                chicken you're using your efforts in a more productive
                way. more efficiently.
                A dejected German coach Bertie Vogts said:

                chiefs

                68

                ‘We threw away our early chances, and after
                they scored we played like headless chickens. '
                They were all running around like chickens
                they didn't know
                with their heads cut off
                where to go, where to sit. who to talk to.
                This expression is very variable.
                The Tories, who have been in much of a
                shambles throughout the campaign anyway.
                collapsed into total farce. Never have so many
                chickens been seen running around without

                -

                their heads.

                chickens
                not count your chickens
                don't

                count

                your

                chickens

                before

                they're hatched
                4
                If you say that you are not counting your
                chickens, you mean that you are not going to
                make plans for the future because you do not
                know for certain how a particular situation
                will develop.
                If we get through. Real Madrid and the Italian
                side Genoa will be massive hurdles to overcome.
                Most of the top sides are better now than
                they were in the early eighties so I'm not counting
                my chickens. There are no walkovers like
                there were years ago.
                The February housing figures are Ml way
                below a year ago, and that's why economists
                aren't yet counting their chickens.
                This expression comes from the proverb
                don't count your chickens before they're
                hatched
                When dealing with important financial arrangements,
                it is imperative that you ensure
                that you are not counting your chickens before
                they are hatched.

                chiefs
                too many chiefs and

                not

                enough

                Indians
                too many chiefs

                People say 'too many chiefs and not
                enough Indians' when they want to criticize
                an organization for having too many people
                in charge and not enough people to actually

                I

                do the work. Many people consider this ex- I
                pression offensive.
                Americans should also come to recognize that
                many of their organizations have too many
                chiefs and not enough Indians.
                Another disadvantage was the overstaffing °f
                headquarters and support personnel. It is the
                typical but highly relevant complaint of too
                many Chiefs and not enough Indians
                People sometimes just say ‘too many
                chiefs'.
                If he chose to counter-attack against the critjcism, he might point to the bank's structure. » J

                A


                    evince -p 88 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

                child
                then,

                that some insiders say there are too many

                chiefs.

                child
                child's play

                44

                If you say that something is child's play,
                you are emphasizing that it is very easy to
                deal with. This expression is often used in
                comparisons where you are mentioning something
                that is very difficult.
                He thought the work would be child's play.
                The problem in Western Europe was described
                by one EU energy expert as child's play
                compared to that in Eastern Europe.
                After the tension in Osborne House, the rush
                and clamour of her office had seemed like mere

                child's play

                chink
                a chink in someone's armour

                4

                If you say that someone or something has a
                chink in their armour, you mean that they
                have a weakness that can be taken advantage
                of although they appear outwardly to be very
                strong and successful.
                There was always the chance that, with their
                superior knowledge, they might find the chinks
                in his armour.
                Labour leaders hope to use their annual conference
                to attack what they currently see as the
                most vulnerable chink in the goi>ernment's or

                mour.
                The HTV virus has a chink in its armour
                which could lead to a protective vaccine and
                make Aids as rare as polio, a researcher announced
                this weekend.
                ‘Armour' is spelled ‘armor' in American
                English.

                chin
                4
                keep your chin up
                If you keep your chin up, you stay calm or
                cheerful in a difficult or unpleasant situation.
                Richards was keeping his chin up yesterday
                despite the continued setbacks.
                Keep your chin up: they won't get away with

                It

                Mark was absolutely devastated at having to
                leave. He kept his chin up. and never lost faith
                in his ability, but he was still desperately disappointed.

                lead with your chin
                If you say that someone Is leading with
                their chin, you mean that they are behaving
                very aggressively, and. for example, are start
                ing a conflict.
                This game is no place for a player who cannot lead with his chin.
                We don't plan to attack the administration
                for not spending more on education. There's
                nothing to be gained from leading with our

                chins.

                take it on the chin
                If someone takes

                44

                it on the chin, they
                bravely accept criticism or a difficult situation
                and do not make a fuss about it ‘It' is
                sometimes replaced with nouns such as ‘critiClsm' and ‘defeat'
                When the police arrived, he took it on the
                cnin. apologising for Hie trouble he'd caused

                them.

                cÿe veButtaken a big loss.
                ,,
                st°y

                chip

                69

                ‘n

                We've taken it on the
                we're out there and we're going to

                business.

                wants to learn, and is
                thtndfew veryintelligent,
                coachable. He is also prepared to
                fVfefore
                ls

                Ke criticism on the chin.

                chip
                a chip ofT the old block

                4

                If you describe someone as a chip off the
                old block, you mean that they are very similar
                to one of their parents in appearance,
                character, or behaviour.
                I've known Damon since he was a boy and
                he's a chip off the old block. He has the same
                dry sense of humour, and the same dedication
                and total commitment.
                Lewis's lawyer James Crummet tells me ‘He
                is a chip off the old block a hothead and a
                bully just like his dad '

                -

                a chip on your shoulder

                444

                If you say that someone has a chip on their
                shoulder, you mean that they feel angry and
                resentful because they think that they have
                been treated unfairly, especially because of
                their race, sex, or background.
                My father wasn't always easy to get along
                with; he had a chip on his shoulder and
                thought people didn't like him because of his
                colour.
                I've never really had a chip on my shoulder
                but I suppose you could say that having come
                from a rather poor background I found it difficult
                to cope with the arrogance of some of the
                teaching staff.

                A lot of gay people walk around with a chip
                on their shoulder. What you have to do is be
                lieve in yourself, because when you believe in
                yourself, other people will believe in you.
                D You can use chip-on-shoulder or chip-onthe-shoulder before a noun.
                Its leaders have lately seemed to revert to the
                sort of chip-on-shoulder nationalism that naturally
                makes neighbouring countries nervous.
                They all had that chip on the-shoulder look.


                    evince -p 89 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

                chips

                chord

                70

                chips
                call in your chips

                year. Paul and Jamie have settled down to a
                stable system of management.
                Chopping and changing around does not always
                pay and tends to get corfusing.

                If you call in your chips, you decide to use
                your influence or social connections in order
                to gain an advantage over other people. This
                expression is used mainly in British English.
                That point needs making, before Mr Clinton's
                friends in the labour unions and the steel and
                textile industries try to call in their chips.
                And the other thing is that China can lobby
                very hard to call in all its chips from, for example,
                the African bloc.

                for the chop: 1
                get the chop
                44
                If someone is for the chop, they are about
                to lose their job. If they get the chop, they
                lose their job. These are informal expressions.
                which are used in British English.
                There are rumours that he is for the chop.
                He had hardly settled into his new job when

                cash in your chips
                If someone cashes in their chips, they sell
                something such as their investments, in order
                to raise money.
                Many skittish mutual fund investors picked
                up the phone yesterday, but decided not to cash
                in their chips after all.
                ICI was small in over-the-counter drugs in
                the States. It decided to cash in its chips at a

                he got the chop due to cutbacks.
                You can say that someone is trying to
                avoid the chop when they are trying to avoid
                losing their job, or that they face the chop
                when they are likely to lose their job.
                They are turning up to work earlier, and
                leaving later, in a bid to avoid the chop.
                He must play by next week or face the chop
                for the Challenge Cup final

                surprisingly good price.

                have had your chips
                In British English, if you say that someone
                or something has had their chips, you mean
                that they have completely failed in something
                they were trying to do.
                After the 4-1 defeat by Wimbledon which all
                but scuppered their title ambitions, most of the
                10,000 crowd were convinced they'd already had
                their chips

                when the chips are down
                the chips are down
                If you refer to people's behaviour when the
                chips are down, you are referring to their
                behaviour in a difficult or dangerous situation.
                There will be no panic We are at our best
                when the chips are down.
                'How could you do that, knowing you might
                be rushing to your death?' And he smiled and
                he said. 'When the chips are down, you do
                what you have to do.'
                If you say that the chips are down, you
                mean that a situation has become difficult or
                dangerous.
                Manchester City face table-topping Newcastle
                today and the manager said• ‘The chips are
                down and it's time to show a bit of character. '

                chop
                chop and change

                44

                If you say that someone is chopping and
                changing, you mean that they keep changing
                their plans, often when you think that this is
                unnecessary. This expression is used in Brit
                ish English.
                After chopping and changing for the first

                I

                I

                for the chop: 2
                get the chop

                If something is for the chop, it is not going |
                to be allowed to continue or remain. If it gets
                the chop, it is not allowed to continue or remain.
                These expressions are used in British ]

                English.

                He won't say which programmes are for the

                chop.

                Some of the steamier scenes that got the chop
                in America will be put back m for the Australian
                release.
                You can say that something is threatened
                with the chop when it is likely that it will
                not be allowed to continue or remain.
                Weekly broadcasts are now threatened with
                the chop.
                These were known to be loss making factories
                that deserved the chop.

                chord
                strike a chord
                touch a chord

                444

                If something strikes a chord with you. i<
                makes you respond in an emotional way. for
                example by feeling sympathy or pleasure You
                can also say that something touches a chord
                with you.
                It is a case which has shocked America - and
                one which has struck a chord with every family
                which has agonised over how much freedom

                teenagers should be allowed
                Little wonder that the play struck such a nf
                sponsive chord in the hearts of both the young

                J
                and the old
                His public criticisms at a critical politÿ01
                juncture have touched a sensitive chord here.
                Some people use the word 'cord' instead 01

                I
                1


                    evince -p 90 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

                church
                ‘chord'

                in

                this expression, but it is generally

                considered incorrect.

                a broad church
                You can refer to an

                4

                organization, group, or
                of activity as a broad church when it
                includes a wide range of opinions, beliefs, or
                styles. This expression is used in British Eng
                area

                lish.

                The movement is presently a very broad
                church, comprising trade unions, workers, the
                church, students, the business community and
                a ragbag of once prominent politicians.
                Rock music in France is a very broad church

                indeed
                cigar
                close but no cigar
                nice try but no cigar
                You use expressions such as ‘close but no
                cigar' or ‘nice try but no cigar' to point out
                to someone that they have failed in what they
                were trying to achieve or make you believe
                7 detest guards and burglar alarms. They're
                so vulgar That's why I carry that dreadful
                gun in my purse, though l hardly know how to
                use it' 'Nice try. Laura baby, but no cigar,'
                said Frank.

                circle
                come full circle
                turn full circle
                the wheel has come full circle

                If you describe a difficult situation as a vicious
                circle, you are talking about how one
                problem has caused other problems which, in
                turn, have made the original problem even

                worse.
                Patients discharged from the old 'mental hos
                pitals' are being thrust into a vicious circle of
                poverty and illnesses, according to a report
                published by the national mental health charity
                MIND.
                Kimelman believes the American economy has
                been caught in a vicious circle during the past
                two years. 'The economy couldn't create large
                numbers of jobs because consumers weren't
                spending. Consumers weren't spending because
                the economy wasn't creating jobs.'

                circles
                go around in circles
                go round in circles

                4

                If you say that someone is going around in
                circles, you mean that they are not achieving
                very much because they keep coming back to
                the same point or problem over and over
                again. In British English, you can also say
                that someone is going round in circles.
                My mind was going around in circles.
                They have been going round and round in
                circles about treatment methods. And their solution.
                in the end, was perfectly straight

                forward.

                If you say that something has come full
                circle or has turned full circle, you mean
                that it is now exactly the same as it used to
                be, although there has been a long period of
                changes Other verbs are sometimes used instead
                of 'come' or 'turn'.
                Looking at the current product, I am tempted
                to say the design has come full circle.
                Her Ife had now come full circle and she was
                hack where she started, in misery, alone.
                Michael Crawford's current success as a singer
                has brought his career full circle.
                D People also say that the wheel has come
                full circle or that the wheel has turned full

                circle

                The wheel has turned full circle, we are back

                where we began.
                square the circle

                If you try to square the circle, you try to
                problem that seems to be impossible

                a
                folve
                to

                solve

                Chile is trying to square the circle of knowing

                ~

                what poor people ought to have, but not yet be
                able to afford it.

                Lr

                and, especially, foreign investment will somehow
                provide enough jobs to square the circle.

                a vicious circle

                church

                ‘hg

                circus

                71

                This was one of those debates which simply
                went round in circles with motions and
                countermotions being amended, withdrawn and
                re-submitted.

                run around in circles
                run round in circles
                If you say that someone is
                in circles, you mean that

                running around
                they are having
                very little success in achieving something al
                though they are trying hard, because they are

                disorganized. In British English, you can also
                say that someone is running round in circles.
                She may waste a lot of energy running
                around in circles, whereas more careful plan
                ring could save a lot of effort and achieve a
                great deal.
                Some kid's gone missing, and everyone's running
                round in circles.

                circus
                a three-ring circus

                4

                If you describe a situation as a three-ring
                circus, you mean that there is a lot of noisy
                or very chaotic activity going on. This expres


                    evince -p 91 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

                clam
                sion is used more commonly in American
                English than in British.
                They might fight among themselves, but grief
                was a private thing, not something to be
                turned into a three-ring circus by over-eager re
                porters.

                clam
                shut up like a clam
                If someone shuts up like a clam, they become
                very quiet and withdrawn because they
                are upset or worried.
                When they are worried, they may well shut
                up like a clam, definitely not wanting to tell
                you what is wrong.
                Later, when I found I wasn't his only love. I
                shut like a clam and let no one close. The hurt
                engulfed me as love once had.

                clanger
                drop a clanger
                4
                If someone drops a clanger, they make a

                very embarrassing mistake. This expression
                is used in British English.
                'You wouldn 't have thought that Jimmy of all
                people would drop such a clanger. ' Last night
                the show's producer admitted: 'll was an unfor
                tunate oversight in the pressure of filming be
                fore Christmas. '

                Tories in Eastleigh dropped a clanger in their
                election leaflet by admitting that few people
                will be voting Conservative tomorrow.

                clappers
                like the clappers
                If you say that someone does something like
                the clappers, you are emphasizing that they
                do it very quickly. This expression is used in
                British English.
                What is it that makes people run like the
                clappers for a train ?

                claws
                get your claws into someone: 1
                If someone gets their claws into you, they
                control or influence you in a selfish way for
                their own advantage. Other verbs can be used
                instead of 'get'.
                These people had their claws into him and he
                didn't know how to get clear of them.
                The Tigers want to get their claws into 20year old striker Martin Carruthers from Aston
                Villa
                get your claws into someone: 2
                If you say that a woman has got her claws
                into a man. you disapprove of her relationship
                with him. for example because you think
                that she is selfish and uncaring, or that she is
                not good enough for him. Other verbs can be
                used instead of 'get'

                clean

                72

                Sadly for Jackie, Amanda got her claws into
                Gavin first.
                She wasted no lime in hooking her claws into
                Des.

                clean
                4
                clean as a whistle:1
                If you describe someone as clean as a whistle,
                you do not think they have done anything
                wrong, or you have no evidence that they

                have done anything wrong.
                'There is no sex, drugs or rock 'n' roll His
                private life is as clean as a whistle,' says
                McSmith.
                This Is the man who oversaw a dirty, trivial
                campaign, and yet emerged from it with his
                reputation as clean as a whistle.
                clean as a whistle: 2
                If you say that something is as clean as a
                whistle, you mean that it is completely free
                from dirt.
                It leaves your face feeling clean as a whistle
                but not bone-dry.
                The launch team has spent six days vacuuming
                debris away and has inspected all joints
                with a fibre-optic microscope. 'It's as clean as a
                whistle, ' says Gauss.

                come clean

                444

                If someone comes clean about something,
                they tell the truth about it.
                I had expected her to come clean and confess
                that she only wrote these books for the money.
                But, no, she insists that she takes them all very
                seriously.

                He says it is now essential for the Government
                to come clean, tell the world exactly how
                the recent tragedy happened and announce an
                investigation.

                squeaky clean
                444
                If you say that someone is squeaky clean.
                you mean that they live a very moral life and
                do not appear to have any vices. This expression
                    is often used to suggest that this way of
                life is unnatural or uninteresting, or that
                someone is not as virtuous as they seem.
                Our image has been a little over-exaggerated,
                saying that we're wholesome and squeaky
                clean. We're not all that, we're just very
                positive-minded people.
                As a country-dweller myself. I can truthfully
                say that not all people living m the countryside
                are as squeaky clean as they like to think.
                You can also use squeaky-clean before a

                noun.

                Claudia's massive earnings and squeakyclean image make her the perfect partner fi>r
                royal marriage.
                He has a squeaky-clean reputation and would
                be a tough target for the attacks about family

                values.

                J


                    evince -p 92 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

                cleaners
                cleaners
                take someone to the cleaners

                4

                If someone is taking you to the cleaners.
                are making you lose a lot of money in an

                they

                unfair or dishonest way.

                The feeling among many experts on the commercial
                side is that the price paid at the time
                was excessive. It sounds like he got absolutely
                taken to the cleaners.
                Just for a change, the insurers discovered
                that they had been taken to the cleaners.

                clear
                clear as a bell

                4

                If you say that something is as clear as a
                bell, you mean that it is very clear indeed.
                Suddenly there is an unmistakable sound
                It's as clear as a bell
                If the whole image isn't as clear as a bell,
                take it a bit further back.

                clear as crystal
                If you say that something is as clear as
                crystal, you mean that it is very clear indeed.
                It was a brilliant blue day, as clear as crystal.
                with a sun that was just con\fortably hot.
                People also use the much more frequent adjective
                crystal clear to mean the same thing.
                The water is crystal clear.
                Let me make certain things crystal clear. This
                government has no intention of letting its
                authority be undermined.

                clear as day

                cloak

                73

                4

                If you say that something is as clear as
                day, you mean that it is very easy to see, or
                that it is very obvious and easy to understand.
                Plain as day means the same.
                Suddenly she stepped out from behind a tree
                less than ten yards from me. I saw her face as
                clear as day.
                If his drawbacks are clear as day to the rest
                of us. why is Nicole going ahead and getting

                married?

                clear as mud
                If you say that something is as clear as
                mud, you are saying in a light-hearted or sar
                castic way that it is confusing and difficult to

                understand.

                'It's all written down there! Self-explanatory!

                Clearly.' ‘Clear as mud Even / can't under

                stand it, and I'm pretty smart. '
                *h the clean 1
                4
                If someone is in the clear, they are free
                "tom blame or suspicion.
                Pickmore was silent for a while, then he said:
                v your chief clerk confesses
                to the police what
                eaHy happened. I'll be in the clear. '
                ykeir possessions had not been searched so
                ney
                were not officially in the clear.

                in the clear: 2
                If someone is in the clear, they sire no longer
                in danger or trouble.
                Doctors told Jenny her unborn child was at
                risk and she and her husband underwent an

                for the results of tests
                before discovering he was in the clear.

                agonising 48-hour wait

                Nor is the Government in the clear yet over
                the composition of the committee, an issue that
                is likely to dog ministers in the weeks ahead

                in the clear: 3
                If someone is in the clear in a competition
                or contest, they are ahead of other people.
                There was more gloomy news for the Prime
                Minister in an opinion poll yesterday which
                showed Labour five points

                in

                the clear.

                steer clear
                steer someone clear of something

                444

                If you steer clear of something or someone,
                you deliberately avoid them. If you steer
                someone clear of something, you help them to
                avoid it.
                The Princess appealed to young people to
                steer clear of the dangers of drugs
                Steer clear of men you know are dodgy.
                Friends look out for your welfare. They listen
                to your problems. They steer you clear of dam
                aging situations

                clever
                box clever

                4

                If you say that someone is boxing clever.
                you mean that they are being very careful
                and cunning in the way they behave in a dif
                ficult situation, so that they can get an advan
                tage over other people. This expression is
                used in British English.
                They have boxed clever shaping the market to
                themselves, and themselves to the market
                He was not displeased at the way he had han
                died the meeting. You boxed cleverly, he told

                himself.

                cloak
                cloak-and-dagger
                44
                You use cloak-and-dagger to describe activ
                ities, especially dangerous ones, which are
                done in secret. You sometimes use this expression
                to suggest that people are treating
                these activities in an unnecessarily dramatic
                way.
                They met in classic cloak-and-dagger style beside
                the lake in St James's Park, both tossing
                snacks to the listless waterfowl
                Why all the cloak and dagger stuff?
                Now that the Berlin Wall has come down, the
                cloak-and-dagger world of East-West espionage.
                immortalised by John Le Carre and other novelists,
                might appear to be outdated.


                    evince -p 93 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

                clock
                You can refer to such activities as cloaks
                and daggers
                Intelligence has very little to do with cloaks
                and daggers, being mostly about boring reports
                and endless statistics.

                clock
                round the clock
                444
                around the clock
                If people are working round the clock or

                around the clock, the work is being done
                continuously, throughout the day and night,
                often so that a particular task can be complet
                ed as quickly as possible.
                Fire crews were working round the clock to
                bring the huge blazes under control.
                'You looked tired, Leonard.' 'I've been working
                round the clock. '
                She will no longer be guarded round the
                clock.
                Round-the-clock and around-the-clock
                can be used before a noun to describe work
                that is being done continuously, throughout
                the day and night.
                Staff alerted police and a round-theclock surveillance
                of the four men began.
                We can't afford to give you around the-clock
                protection.

                turn the clock back

                444

                If you would like to turn the clock back or
                to turn back the clock, you would like to return
                to an earlier period, for example because
                you think it was a very good time or because
                you would like the chance to live your life
                differently. You can use 'put' Instead of 'turn'.
                The club wanted to turn the clock back to a
                happier era.
                He said if he could turn back the clock, he
                would act differently.
                No amount of money not even millions like
                this can put back the clock and change what
                happened.

                clockwork
                like clockwork: 1
                If something goes or runs like clockwork,
                it works very well and happens in exactly the
                way it is expected to.
                The journey there went like clockwork - flying
                out on Friday from Galwick it took seven
                hours door-to-door
                He soon had the household running like
                clockwork.

                .

                closet

                74

                like clockwork: 2
                regular as clockwork
                If someone does something like clockwork,
                they do it regularly, always at the same time
                They would arrive like clockwork just before
                dawn.

                Finally, toward evening, like clockwork, he
                would begin to reminisce about his past
                You can also say that someone does something,
                or that something happens, regular as
                clockwork.
                Every three years, regular as clockwork, the
                great Anne Tyler produces a new novel

                clogs
                pop your clogs
                In British English, if you say that someone
                has popped their clogs, you mean that they
                have died. This expression is used to refer to
                someone's death in a light hearted or humorous
                way.
                Comedians are getting younger and pop stars
                older and the kids want their heroes young.
                They want to know that the person they're paying
                to see isn't going to pop their clogs during
                the performance.

                close
                -44
                too close to call
                If a contest is too close to call, it is impossible
                to say who will win, because the opponents
                seem equally good or equally popular.
                The presidential race is too close to call
                Policy analysis say the Senate vote, noui expected
                to take place tomorrow night, is too

                close to call.
                Exit polls in Britain say that today's parliamentary
                election was too close to call but it appears
                that no party will win a majority in the

                House of Commons.

                closet
                come out of the closet: 1

                44

                If someone comes out of the closet, they
                talk openly for the first time about beliefs,
                feelings, or habits which they have kept hidden
                until now. This expression is usually
                used to talk about homosexuals revealing
                their homosexuality for the first time to the
                public or to their families.
                They feel if they come out of the closet as lesbians
                they will somehow lose their leadership
                This new law doesn't help people to come out
                of the closet.
                I suppose it's time l came out of the closet
                and admit l am a Labour supporter.
                O This expression is sometimes varied. For
                example, if you talk about someone being
                forced back into the closet, you mean that
                they are being forced to hide their beliefsfeelings, or habits again.
                The HTV Aids crisis threatened to push us oil
                back into the closet.
                You can also use closet before a noun i*1
                order to describe a person who hides their beliefs,
                feelings,

                or habits.

                _


                    evince -p 94 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

                cloth
                He is about to be exposed in a biography as a
                closet homosexual.
                I'm really a closet greenie who likes to live
                close to nature.
                People often just talk about homosexuals
                coming out, rather than ‘coming out of the

                closet'.
                /

                cloud

                75

                came out as a

                lesbian when I was still in

                my teens.

                come out of the closet: 2

                4
                bring something out of the closet
                When a subject becomes widely known or
                openly discussed for the first time, you can
                say that it comes out of the closet or is
                brought out of the closet.
                ‘Prostate cancer came out of the closet,' he
                adds, 'and men started to join self help groups
                to talk openly about prostate problems and the
                issue of screening. '
                The subject needs to be brought out of the
                closet and dealt with honestly,

                cloth
                cloth ears

                If you accuse someone of having cloth ears.
                you mean that they are not paying attention
                to something which is important or that they
                do not understand it properly. This expression
                    is used in British English.
                The audience had been sitting there for two
                hours with cloth ears and they weren't alien
                live.
                You can also describe someone as clotheared.
                If they weren't quite so cloth-eared, they'd
                also discover a good old fashioned hard driving
                rock band somewhere within The Walkabouts‘
                extensive repertoire.

                cut from the same cloth
                If two or more people are cut from the
                same cloth, they are very similar in their
                character, attitudes, or behaviour. If they are
                cut from a different cloth, they are very dif
                ferent. You can use other adjectives instead of
                same' and 'different'. This expression is used
                roainly in British English.
                The charge I most frequently encounter today
                ,s that London
                critics are all cut from the same
                cloth: that they are predominantly white, male,
                Middle-aged, middle-class and university
                educated.

                He was cut from a different cloth and you'd

                do ‘cell to respect him.

                McCnckard

                was a marketing man to the

                Of his Italian designer suits, but Ellwood
                ciu"s
                s cut from more traditional cloth.
                your cloth
                [!Utu* Your
                your
                coat according to

                cloth

                H Vou cut your cloth according to your
                luation, you take account of the available

                resources when you are making plans and decisions.
                You can also say that you cut your
                coat according to your cloth. These expressions
                are used mainly in British English.
                Ford would be forced to cut its cloth according
                to the demands of the market
                The Government would have to cut its cloth
                and eliminate programmes which were not
                used.
                He had already made it very plain that it
                was up to organisations which were supported
                by the taxpayer to cut their coats according to
                the cloth available.
                whole cloth
                If you say that a story or statement is made
                out of whole cloth, you mean that it is completely
                untrue and is not based on fact. This
                expression is used in American English.
                According to legend, the flag Old Glory was
                the result of a collaboration between a wellknown Philadelphia seamstress and George
                Washington. But there are those who say that
                story was made of whole cloth.
                When such mind sets did not actually exist in
                the past, we sometimes take the additional step
                of creating them out of whole cloth and treating
                them as if they had been there all along.

                clothes
                4
                steal someone's clothes
                If one politician or political party steals
                another's clothes, they take the second's
                ideas or policies and pretend that these ideas
                or policies are their own. This expression is

                used in British journalism.
                Here lies labour's chance. They could steal
                the Tories' neglected clothes, by making Labour
                the party of lower taxes.
                It is some measure of Strathclyde's success
                that the Scottish Office appears to have stolen
                the region's clothes on the devolved management
                front

                cloud
                on cloud nine

                44

                If you are on cloud nine, you are very happy
                because something very good has happened
                to you.
                / never expected to win, so I'm on cloud nine.
                When Michael was born I was on cloud nine.
                I couldn't believe this beautiful little boy was

                ours.
                If someone comes off cloud nine, they stop
                being so happy because they have to consider
                other things.
                For most, however, it will take some time to
                come off cloud nine.
                44
                under a cloud
                If you are under a cloud, people disapprove
                or are critical of you. because of something


                    evince -p 95 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

                clover
                that you have done or are believed to have
                done.
                The president of Tennessee's biggest bank resigned
                under a cloud several weeks ago.
                He was under a cloud after his men failed to
                find who had placed the bomb in the office.

                clover
                -4
                in clover
                If you are in clover, you are happy or secure
                because you have a lot of money or are
                enjoying a luxurious lifestyle.
                Developers and bankers were in clover until

                Congress abruptly changed the rules again,
                with the 1986 Tax Reform Act
                For the next ten days l was in clover at Vicky
                and Allen's house. They took me to all the
                town's attractions and its restaurants.

                club
                join the club
                When someone has been telling you about
                their problems or about their feelings, you
                can say ‘join the club' to indicate that you
                have had the same experiences or feelings.
                Confused? Then join the club.
                The Tory MP Geoffrey Dickens gave the game
                away. 7 am having difficulty knowing what
                today's debate is about," he said. Join the club,
                Geoffrey.

                coach
                drive a coach and

                horses through
                something
                If someone drives a coach and horses
                through an agreement or an established way
                of doing something, their actions severely
                weaken or destroy it. This expression Is used
                mainly in British English.
                The judgment appeared to drive a coach and
                horses through the Hague agreement.
                Managers are driving a coach and horses
                through what has been standard practice in
                the NHS since it began.

                coalface
                at the coalface
                When people talk about what is happening
                at the coalface of a particular profession,
                they are talking about the thoughts, feelings,
                and actions of the people who are actually doing
                the job. This expression is used to suggest
                that these are the people who really know
                about the profession. This expression is used
                mainly in British English.
                The only people who extol the newcomer are
                politicians and air marshals who are far removed
                from the feelings ‘at the coalface'
                We were a bridge between the central admin
                coals

                76

                istralion

                the rules, the regulations, the uniand
                the academic coalface.

                versity legislation

                coals
                coals to Newcastle

                4

                If you say that supplying something to someone
                is like taking coals to Newcastle, you
                mean that it is pointless and silly because
                they already have plenty of it
                Sending food to the former Soviet Union is
                like sending coals to Newcastle. There is plenty
                of food, the problem is the breakdown of the
                distribution system.
                Taking a gun to the United States would be
                like taking coals to Newcastle.
                You can also talk about a coals-toNewcastle situation.
                Travelling to Holland to lest a British-built
                boat might seem a coab to- Newcastle affair.
                That Moscow with its dilapidated economic
                machine would try to sell high technology to
                Japan, one of the world's high-tech leaders,
                sounds like a coals to Newcastle notion.
                D 'Coals' and 'Newcastle' can be replaced
                with other nouns.
                Taking our music to your country would be
                like selling sand to the Arabs.
                It's like selling ice to the Eskimos.

                haul someone over the coals
                4
                rake someone over the coals
                If you are hauled over the coals or are
                raked over the coals by someone, especially
                someone in authority, they speak to you very
                severely about something foolish or wrong
                that you have done. ‘Haul someone over the
                coals' is used only in British English Compare
                rake over the coals
                I heard later that Uncle Jim had been hauled
                over the coals for not letting anyone know
                where we were.
                There's every reason for going along and
                hauling her over the coals for wasting police
                time.
                She was raked over the coals by an opponent
                who compared her to a convicted tax evader.

                rake over the coals
                rake over the ashes
                If you say that someone is raking over the
                coals or is raking over the ashes, you mean
                that they are talking about something that

                happened in the past which you think should
                now be forgotten or ignored These expressions
                are used mainly in British EnglishCompare rake someone over the coals.
                She is firmly in the camp that says. yes. u*
                made mistakes in the past, but let us not
                time raking over the coals when there is hard
                work to be done.
                Why must we keep raking over the ashes
                uasf*.


                    evince -p 96 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

                coast
                distress to so many people who should
                have been feeling only relief?

                causing

                coast
                the coast is clear

                If you say that the coast is clear, you mean
                that you are able to do something which
                someone does not want you to do, because
                they are not there to see you or catch you doing
                it.
                She signals to them from the window when
                the coast is clear because her husband does not
                like to encounter them.
                Midge stepped aside, nodding that the coast
                was clear, and Lettie ran through the lobby
                and up the main staircase.

                coat
                trail your coat

                If you trail your coat, you risk starting an
                argument or disagreement. This expression is
                used in British English.
                Never lose your temper, and if you do, apologise
                for it afterwards. I realise l am trailing
                my coat; someone will no doubt remember an
                incident when I myself fell far short of these
                ideals.
                We made him a test case, trailing our coats
                by breaking all the rules in an attempt to discover
                their procedure in such circumstances.

                coat-tails
                on the coat-tails of someone

                44

                If someone does something on the coat-tails
                of another person or a trend, they are able to
                do it because of the success or popularity of
                that person or trend, and not because of their
                own efforts.
                She was looking for fame and glory on the
                coat-tails of her husband.
                Campbell is running for the Senate as a
                Democrat in Colorado, and he wants to hitch a
                ride on Clinton's coattails.
                He said Australia was set to ride the coat
                tails of economic recovery in the US.
                'Coat tails' is usually written as ‘coattails'

                P

                in American English.

                cobwebs
             blow away the cobwebs
                Other verbs with a similar meaning are often used instead of 'blow away'.  Her election has dusted away the cobwebs that normally surround the presidency, a role
                that Is limited and notably low-profile.
                Once the quarterback Troy Aikman shook off
                the cobwebs after a week's rest and found his
                rhythm, the Dallas offence scored at will.

                cock
                a cock and bull story
                a cock and bull tale
                If you describe an explanation or excuse as
                a cock and bull story, you mean that you do
                not believe it. You can also say that something
                is a cock and bull tale.
                They'll be believed, no matter what kind of a
                cock and bull story they tell
                / wasn't the one who fed her some cock-andbull story about taking care of you.
                Prosecutor Kevan Townsley told the jury they
                should look beyond the airy, fairy, cock and
                bull tales the defence was trying to advance.

                cockles
                warm the cockles of your heart
                If something warms the cockles of your
                heart, it makes you feel happy and contented.
                This is a fairly old-fashioned expression.
                In the bold black and white setting, the sun
                ny yellow color of the house warmed the cockles

                of my heart.

                Running on Tuesday evenings, this year's series
                of talks is sure to warm the cockles of the
                cultured heart on the bleakest of winter days.

                coffee
                wake up and smell the coffee
                If you tell someone to wake up and smell
                the coffee, you are telling them to be more
                realistic and more aware of what is happening
                around them. This expression is used
                mainly in American English.

                It's time Lewis woke up and smelt the coffee
                and contacted me.
                It would really serve you well to wake up and
                smell the damned coffee and quit acting like a
                teenager,

                4

                •f something blows away the cobwebs, it
                makes you feel more alert and lively, when
                Vou have previously felt tired or dull.
                Wy boyfriend arid l have a cottage in the
                Ids. and getting back there after a few
                a<lys in London really blows the
                cobwebs away.
                /I he pattern of life was soon established.
                reakfast in the garden, perhaps a National
                rust visit, a pub lunch, or a walk to blow

                z°tSwP

                coin

                77

                coin
                444
                the other side of the coin
                If you are discussing a subject or situation
                and you want to mention a completely differ
                ent and perhaps contradictory aspect of it or
                attitude towards it. you can refer to this as

                the other side of the coin. Adjectives such

                as ‘opposite', ‘reverse', and ‘flip' are sometimes
                used instead of ‘other'. Compare two
                sides of the same coin.


                    evince -p 97 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

                cold
                Of course the advertisement doesn't mention
                the other side of the coin.
                Of course, 1 get lonely at times. But my husband
                was often away on business when I was
                married, so being lonely is nothing new. And
                the other side of the coin is the amazing freedom
                you have knowing you don't have to
                please anybody about anything, except yourself
                Hate is the opposite side of the coin to love,
                and often co-exists with love in a relationship.
                pay someone back in their own coin
                If someone has treated you badly or unfairly
                and you pay them back in their own coin or
                in the same coin, you treat them in exactly
                the same way that they have treated you.
                The European Community has even released
                lists of American unfair trade practices, paying
                us back in our own coin.

                two sides of the same coin
                4
                opposite sides of the same coin
                If you say that two things are two sides of
                the same coin or opposite sides of the same
                coin, you mean that they are closely related
                to each other and cannot be separated, even
                though they seem to be completely different.
                Compare the other side of the coin.
                He says he draws no line between tragedy
                and comedy. ‘I've always felt that they are inseparable.
                that they are two sides of the same
                coin. '
                Love and hate are the opposite sides of the
                same coin.
                We now know that learning and teaching are
                not two sides of the same coin. They are different
                processes.

                cold
                catch someone cold
                In sport, if you arc caught cold, you are
                not prepared for an attack by your opponent,
                and you suffer because of it. This expression
                is used mainly in British journalism.
                Northern, seeking their eighth successive
                league win. were caught cold by Castlejord.
                Dewsbury maintained their two-point lead at
                the top of the Third Division with a 29-14 win
                after Barrow had caught them cold to lead 8-4
                at the interval.

                cold as ice

                collar

                78

                4

                If you say that someone or something is as
                cold as ice, you are emphasizing that they
                are very cold.
                A hand that felt as cold as ice touched her

                forehead.

                The next morning. Snoot sat cold as ice
                through breakfast, unyielding to Claire's hand
                on his shoulder as she passed his chair.
                O People also use the much more frequent ad
                jective ice-cold to mean the same thing.
                He took a mouthful of the ice cold beer

                He felt a lash of fear, running ice<old down

                his spine.

                come in from the cold
                bring someone in from the cold

                -4-4

                If someone or something comes in from the
                cold, they become popular, accepted, or active
                again after a period Of unpopularity or lack of
                involvement. You can also say that they are
                brought in from the cold.
                The terrorists have been looking to come in
                from the cold for five years. Their gun in one
                hand and ballot box in the other strategy has
                stagnated.

                Over the past two years, Swedish investors
                have come in from the cold.
                Grenada's former Health Minister who was
                fired from office two months ago has been
                brought in from the cold by the Prime Minister

                leave someone cold

                44

                If something leaves you cold, it does not excite
                or interest you at all.
                Given the world situation, chit-chat about
                shopping and hairdos leaves you cold.
                I am not proud that modern 'classical' music
                leaves me cold: just honest.

                out in the cold

                444

                If a person or organization is left out in the
                cold, they are ignored by other people and
                are not asked to take part in activities with
                them.
                The Association of South-East Asian Nations
                has expressed concern that developing countries
                might be left out in the cold in current world
                trade talks
                This is why Burma still finds itself partly out
                in the cold.
                She has complained in public that her husband
                doesn't pay her enough attention. 'He's
                leaving me out in the cold, ' she told guests.

                when one person sneezes, another
                catches cold
                If you say that when one country or person
                sneezes, another catches cold, you mean that
                the things that happen to one country or person
                have a great effect or influence on other
                countries or people. This expression is used
                mainly in British English.

                When America sneezes the rest of the world
                catches a cold Applying this adage to financial
                markets, some onlookers fear that this week's
                necessary increase in American interest rales
                may hinder equally necessary interest rate cuts
                in Europe and Japan.

                collar
                hot under the collar
                If you get hot under the collar, you get

                *

                J

                an

                    evince -p 98 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

                colour
                Biographers tend to get a little hot under the

                collar when conversation turns to the invasion

                of privacy.
                Judges are hot under

                come

                79

                the collar about propo
                sals to alter their pension arrangements.

                colour
                the colour of someone's money

                If you say that you want to see the colour
                of someone's money, you are expressing your
                doubts about their ability or willingness to
                pay for something.
                lle made a mental note never to enter into
                conversation with a customer until he'd at least
                seen the colour of his money.
                Today, to be taken seriously by a target company.
                you have to show the color of your money
                by paying very substantial commitment fees.
                a 'Colour' is spelled 'color' in American English.

                colours
            nail your colours to the mast: 1
                If you nail your colours to the mast, you state your opinions or beliefs about something clearly and publicly.
                This expression is used
                in British English, especially in journalism.
                Let me nail my colours to the mast straightaway.
                I both like and admire him immensely.

                nail your colours to the mast: 2
                If you nail your colours to the mast of a
                particular person, idea, or theory, you say
                clearly and publicly that you support them.
                This expression is used in British English, especially
                in journalism.
                In the Thatcher years, the young MP nailed
                his colours to Mrs T's mast more firmly than

                many.
                If the man is so committed to evangelism,
                why doesn't he come out and firmly nail his
                colours to the mast of the group?

                sail under false colours
                If you say that someone is sailing under
                false colours, you mean that they are deliber
                ately deceiving people.
                This report sails under false colours. It pur
                Ports to be a fair and rigorous examination of
                press regulation. But clearly the author had
                reached his basic conclusions long before he
                even began gathering any fresh evidence.
                []
                Sometimes people just use false colours to
                the same thing.
                Tor too long the left has allowed itself to be
                Painted by the right in false colours.
                ‘Colours' is spelled 'colors' in American

                mean

                5English.
            show your true colours
                Set‘ someone in their true colours
                44
                h someone shows their true colours or if
                you see them In their true colours, you become
                aware that they are not as nice, decent,
                or honest as you thought they were, because
                they show some unpleasant aspects of their
                character. Verbs such as 'declare' and 'reveal'
                are sometimes used instead of 'show'.
                Seeking support, you'll turn to friends but beware,
                someone you trusted may now show their
                true colours.
                I couldn't take his violence and bullying any
                longer. The children are seeing him in his true
                colours for the first time now, as they are now
                on the receiving end of his moods.
                These men began to reveal the true colours of
                their personalities: some shouted, others grew
                insolent to the point of menacing us, others

                seemed quite mad.
                ‘Colours' is spelled 'colors' in American
                English.

                with Dying colours

                44

                If you achieve something, such as passing
                an examination, with flying colours, you
                achieve it easily and are very successful.
                She thought she was on a fast track to a
                good job as a medical assistant, especially
                when she passed the entrance exam with flying
                colors.
                / had a medical in April and passed with flying
                colours.
                'Colours' is spelled ‘colors' in American
                English.

                comb
                with a fine-tooth comb
                with a fine-toothed comb

                4

                If you go through something with a fine
                tooth comb or with a finetoothed comb,
                you go through it very carefully and with
                great attention to detail.
                I have taken the responsibility of going
                through Ed's personal papers and letters with
                a fine-tooth comb.
                Ms Hankin said neighborhoods where resisters were suspected of living were gone over
                with a fine-toothed comb.
                We will scrutinise our mistakes with a fine
                tooth comb.

                come
                come out fighting
                come out swinging  @
                In a conflict, if someone comes out fighting or comes out swinging, they show by their behaviour that they are prepared to do everything they can in order to win.
                Saudi Arabia and other crude oil producers
                have come out fighting, claiming the West is
                using environmental issues as a way of cutting
                back on oil and developing alternative energy
                sources.


                    evince -p 99 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

                comfort

                cookie

                80

                Several times during his presidency and dinthe
                campaign, when he has been attacked
                or criticized, he feels obliged to come out swinging,
                and he has certainly done so on this issue.
                ing

                comfort
                cold comfort
                If someone tells you

                <44

                something encouraging

                and you describe it as cold comfort, you
                mean that it does not make it any easier to
                bear a difficult or unpleasant situation.
                'Three years in higher education is a longterm
                investment. ' he says. But that is cold comfort
                to graduates who have worked so hard to
                gel a degree only to find that no one seems to
                want them to work now.
                Every year a diagnosis of multiple sclerosis
                comes as a life sentence to thousands of young.
                vigorous men and women in Britain. Finding
                out more about the disease can be cold corrtfort.
                as no cure and virtually no treatment are
                available.

                Shah Massoud as defense minister seems to be
                pretty set in concrete at the moment.
                There'll be more meetings among the Europeans
                but at the moment it seems that the negotiating
                positions are embedded in concrete.

                converted
                preach to the converted
                <4
                (f you say that someone is preaching to the
                converted, you mean that they are presenting
                an opinion or argument to people who already
                agree with them. You usually use this expression
                to criticize someone for wasting time or
                effort. Verbs such as 'talk' and 'speak' are
                sometimes used instead of 'preach'.
                In any case the film was, by and large,
                preaching to the converted.
                While cheered by the positive receptions we
                had received in August l was essentially
                preaching to the converted then.
                This morning when he met the Emir of Kuwait
                he was talking to the converted

                commas

                cookie

                44
                in inverted commas
                If you use a word and say that you are
                using it in inverted commas, you are drawing
                attention to the word, and showing that it
                is not an accurate or precise way to describe
                the situation you are referring to. You sometimes
                use this expression to suggest that a

                caught with your hand in the cookie

                word is being used with almost the opposite
                meaning to its normal meaning. This expression
                is used in spoken British English. Compare
                quote, unquote; see quote
                John Walters has just retired, in inverted
                commas, after twenty years as a Radio One
                producer
                l think that the assumptions of some people
                were that we would take democratic decisions.
                well. demiK-ratic in inverted commas.

                common
                common as muck
                In British English, if you say that someone
                is as common as muck, you mean that they
                are lower-class and not sophisticated. This expression
                is usually considered offensive, but
                is sometimes used ironically.
                Leary guessed correctly that his guests were
                as common as muck and planned the menu accordingly.

                concrete
                set in concrete

                4

                If you describe an idea, plan, or action as
                set in concrete, you mean that it is fixed and
                cannot be changed Verbs such as 'embed' and
                'cast' can be used instead of 'set'.
                The

                appointment

                of Commander Ahmad

                jar

                If you say that someone has been caught
                with their hand in the cookie jar, you mean
                that they have been caught stealing or doing
                something wrong. This expression is used
                mainly in American English; the usual British
                expression is have your hand in the till.
                She left me. I got caught with my hand in the
                cookie jar one time too many. I guess
                The banker had been caught with his hand
                in the cookie jar Had my client not been aggressive
                he would have lost 35.000 dollars.

                a smart cookie
                If you describe someone as a smart cookie,
                you mean that they are clever and have good
                ideas.
                She is too much of a smart cookie to join the
                fashion circuit which still entices most of her

                fellow supermodels

                As soon as movie film had been invented,
                around 1890. smart cookies started thinking
                about how to accompany pictures with sound.

                that's the way the cookie crumbles
                People say ‘that's the way the cookie
                crumbles' when they want to say that you

                should accept the way that things happen or
                turn out, even if they turn out badly.
                7 thought you said you've been here for three
                years.' 'Just the way the cookie crumbled' she
                said and went off to make her class.
                Sometimes the cookie crumbles against oil
                sense qf what is just.
                4
                a tough cookie
                If you describe someone as a tough cookie.


                    evince -p 100 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

                cooks
                you are admiring their qualities of courage,
                endurance, and independence.

                One member of her local hunt said she was
                'brave - a lough cookie'.
                He has a reputation as one tough cookie.
                A pushover is not how her bosses would describe
                her. They would say that, behind that
                sweet smile, there lies one tough cookie.

                cooks
                too many cooks
                too many cooks spoil the broth
                too many cooks in the kitchen
                If you say that there are too many cooks,
                you mean that a plan or project goes wrong

                because there are too many people trying to
                do it at the same time.
                So far nothing had worked. One problem was
                that there were simply too many cooks.
                This expression comes from the proverb
                too many cooks spoil the broth.
                He is a great believer in the saying that too
                many cooks spoil the broth. So am I normally,
                but in this particular affair teamwork seemed
                to be producing far better results than solitary
                endeavour.
                In American English, you can also say that
                there are too many cooks in the kitchen to
                mean the same thing.
                Declaring that ‘there are simply too many
                cooks in the kitchen'. Senator Robert Dole has
                proposed remedying the problems by creating a
                single committee to handle this year's legisla
                lion.

                cool
                cool as a cucumber
                If you say that someone is as cool as a cucumber,
                you mean that they are very relaxed,
                calm, and unemotional.
                Lynda Bryans is usually as cool as a cucumber
                when she appears on television. But if a
                spider crosses her path during the BBC's week
                of programmes from an animal hospital, her
                poise could vanish in an instant.
                Never once did she gasp for air or mop her
                brow. She was as cool as a cucumber.

                keep your cool
                If you keep your cool, you control your

                temper and stay calm in a difficult situation.
                Compare lose your cool.
                The manager has kept the pressure off the

                Players by keeping his cool and it has paid off.
                He is renowned for keeping his cool. Nobody
                tell when he is feeling vulnerable, so nocfm
                body knows when to attack him.
                *°se your cool
                If you lose your cool, you get angry and be
                have in a bad-tempered or uncontrolled way.

                cord

                81

                ‘Why don't you sit down and have a drink?'
                7 don't want a drink.' Anne replied, losing her
                cool
                At this I lost my cool and shouted for goodness
                sake, stop!'

                coop
                fly the coop
                If someone flies the coop, they leave the
                situation that they are in, for example because
                they do not like it or because they want
                to have more freedom to live or work as they
                please. Compare fly the nest; see nest.
                His wife is so fed up with his coldness she is
                about to fly the coop.
                It should be a proud moment, junior
                hairwasher grows up, graduates to senior stylist
                and then flies the coop to set up in a salon
                of his or her own.

                cop
                not much cop
                If you say that someone or something is not
                much cop, you mean that they are not very
                good. This expression is used in British English.
                I'm not making excuses for him, because he's
                not much cop as far as I'm concerned.
                She looked round the big room: 'there's no
                one here but us. this place can't be much cop. '

                copybook
                blot your copybook
                If you blot your copybook, you damage
                your reputation by doing something wrong
                This expression is used in British English.
                It was just that their relationship had been
                so perfect. Until he'd blotted his copybook over

                Susan.
                I'm proud of my family heritage and 1 don't
                want to blot the copy book
                You can also say that there is a blot on
                your copybook.
                Alan's blot on his copy book was to take the
                new Rubik cube puzzle that William had been
                given for Christmas and start playing with it
                before William had a chance.

                cord
                cut the umbilical cord
                cut the cord
                If you say that someone cuts the umbilical
                cord or cuts the cord, you mean that they
                start acting independently rather than continuing
                to rely on the person or thing that
                they have always relied on.
                I love you. I'll never forget all you've done for
                me. but it's time to cut the umbilical cord. I
                want you to go away. I need time alone to
                think things out and decide what 1o do.


                    evince -p 101 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

                core
                core
                to the core

                corner

                82

                444

                You use to the core to emphasize the extent
                of someone's feelings, beliefs, or characteristics.
                For example, if you are shocked to the
                core by something, it shocks you very much.
                If someone is conservative to the core, they
                are very conservative.
                Father Godfrey Carney said the community
                was shocked to the core.
                The insurance industry is rotten to the core.
                Margaret Loxton, the artist. English to the
                core yet inspired by France, began painting seriously
                ten years ago after her family had
                grown up.

                corn
                earn your com
                If someone earns their corn, they are successful
                and therefore justify the money that
                has been spent, for example on training them
                or hiring them. This expression is used in
                British English.
                Becording contracts tend to follow conductors
                and soloists rather than orchestras. Walter
                Weller, the new principal conductor, is already
                earning his com In that respect.
                The back four got us through the match.
                They earned their corn against Middlesbrough
                and that's why we came off with a win.

                corner
                fight your comer
                44
                If you fight your corner, you state your
                opinion openly and you defend it vigorously.
                Verbs such as ‘argue', ‘defend', and ‘stand' are
                sometimes used instead of ‘fight'. This expression
                is used in British English.
                The future of Britain lies in the EU and we
                must fight our corner from within using honest
                and intelligent arguments
                At any rate, he quickly showed that his courage
                to stand his corner, his enthusiasm and his
                friendliness made up for any lack of stature.
                I always defend my comer and / often disagree
                with what gets included.

                in a comer
                in a tight comer
                out of a comer
                -4-4-4
                If you are in a corner or in a tight corner,
                you are in a situation which is difficult to
                deal with or escape from.
                The government is in a corner on interest
                rates and the same could well happen on fiscal

                policy.
                Herb was a big. muscular man on the edge of
                50: a guy who could obviously fend for himself
                if placed in a tight corner.
                When he had been in a Ught corner before.

                Mr Gorbachev had been able to use his own
                powers of persuasion to produce a compromise.
                If someone backs you into a corner, they
                put you in a situation which is difficult to
                deal with or escape from. You can replace
                ‘back' with other verbs such as ‘force' or
                ‘drive'.
                As Atwater told the story, his own mother
                backed him into a comer and asked. ‘Lee. did
                you do that?' ‘No. Mama. ' he replied.
                He appears to have backed himself into a
                tight corner and his only escape appears to be
                promotion.
                If something gets you out of a corner or
                out of a tight corner, it helps you to escape
                from or deal with a difficult situation.
                The South African move has got English
                cricket officials out qf a tight corner

                in your corner
                If you say that someone is in your corner
                or that you have them in your corner, you
                mean that they are supporting you and helping
                you.

                Harry and I were encouraged. We felt we had
                made a pretty good pitch. From words spoken
                after our meeting, we felt we already had Bob
                Uhlein in our corner.
                1 remember Jackie say ing years ago that Bed
                was a gentleman and he always was ut his corner.
                he could always depend on Bed to give
                him the necessary backup he needed.
                just around the corner
                444
                If you say that something is just around
                the corner, you mean that it is about to happen.
                You can vary this expression, for example
                by saying ‘just around the next comer',
                or, in American English, by saying 'right
                around the corner'.
                With summer just around the comer, there
                couldn 't be a better time to treat your home to
                a bright new look.
                He said the strike would adversely affect de
                mocracy when general elections were just
                round the comer.
                Fearful that war was right around the corner.
                they promptly began to lay in extensive
                stores of food supplies.
                The worry is about what may lie around the
                next comer.
                paint someone into a corner
                4
                box someone into a corner
                If someone paints you into a corner or
                boxes you into a corner, they force you into
                a difficult situation where you have to act in
                a certain way. If you paint yourself into a
                corner or box yourself into a corner, you
                put yourself in a difficult situation by your

                own actions.

                The big banks have allowed themselves to be
                painted into a corner. They need deregulation


                    evince -p 102 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

                corners
                in order to turn things around, but won't be

                able to get it unless they can reassure the pub
                lie that deregulation won't result in another
                financial disaster.
                You'll fight to the death when you're boxed
                into a corner unless you Ye provided with a reasonable
                way out.
                The Government has painted itself into a corner
                on the issue of equalising the State pension
                age
                4
                turn the corner
                If someone or something turns the corner,
                they begin to recover from a serious illness or
                a difficult situation.
                Joe turned the comer, medically.
                Has California's economy finally turned the
                corner? In April the official figure for the
                state's unemployment rate dropped for the sec
                ond month running.

                corners
                cut corners

                444

                If you cut corners, you save time, money,
                or effort by not following the correct procedure
                or rules for doing something.
                Don't try to cut any corners as you'll only be
                making work for yourself later on.
                We sometimes have to cut corners in order to
                keep the discussion reasonably clear.
                He accused the Home Office of trying to save
                money by cutting corners on security.
                You can refer to this activity as corner
                cutting.

                It was the Chief Inspector for Police who said
                that the present working culture was 'shot
                through with corner cutting and expediency'.
                Comer-cutting contractors build tiny classrooms
                and narrow corridors.

                the four corners of the world
                the four corners of the earth
                4
                You can use the four corners of the world
                or the four corners of the earth to refer to
                all the different parts of the world, especially
                the parts that are the furthest away from you.
                Other nouns referring to areas of land can be
                used instead of ‘world' or ‘earth*.
                A foreign correspondent makes his friends in
                all four corners of the world
                Italy has sent 5,000 soldiers to the four corners
                of the earth to play their part in peacekeeping
                and crisis management operations.
                Young people came from the four corners of
                ihe nation in search of new ideas.

                cost
                count the cost

                444

                you count the cost of something damag*n8 or harmful, you consider the extent of the
                damage or harm that has been done. This ex
                Lr

                counter

                83

                Meanwhile, the government counted the cost
                action that humiliated it at home and

                of an

                abroad.
                Many people have gone in hot pursuit of
                someone who physically fulfils theu- fantasies
                only to count the cost later when things go
                wrong.
                The central government in Delhi is today
                counting the political cost of the escalating dis
                pule which has already prompted the resignation
                of one government minister.

                couch
                a couch potato

                444

                If you describe someone as a couch potato.
                you are criticizing them for spending most of
                their time sitting around watching television,
                in a very lazy way.
                In fact, we sit, like a pair of couch potatoes in
                front of television, and watch her eat.
                Even a couch potato will be inspired to go
                walking in this perfect resort in the Bahamas.

                count
                4
                down for the count
                If someone is down for the count, they
                have failed in something that they are doing.

                This expression is used mainly in American
                English.
                The conservatives appeared to be down for
                the count Yesterday morning they failed to win
                a vote of no confidence in the Yeltsin govern
                ment
                Japan will have to do a lot more if it is to
                pull the sick economy round but the market is
                not down far the count just yet.

                out for the count

                4

                If someone is out for the count, they are
                temporarily unconscious. You can also use
                this expression humorously to say that some
                one is very deeply asleep.
                He had had to do all the school runs and all
                the school picnics for two days 'cos his wife
                was out for the count for forty-eight hours.
                At 10.30am he was still out for the count after
                another night disturbed by bawling and wail
                ing.

                counter
                under the counter

                4

                If you do something under the counter.
                you do it secretly because it is dishonest or illegal.
                This expression is used mainly in British
                English; the usual American expression is
                under the table.
                The shirts disappeared from the displays but
                could still be purchased under the counter or
                in discreet back rooms as recently as last Friday.


                    evince -p 103 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

                country
                Most of the trading was done under the counsome
                form of black market barter
                An under-the-counter payment or deal is
                one that is secret and dishonest or illegal.
                It was becoming common practice for athletes
                to receive under the-coumer payments from or
                ganizers to attend meetings.
                Lionel Smart, a member of the Football Association
                Council, told Winchester Crown Court
                that any under-thecounter money deals would
                have been against board policy.
                ter, through

                country
                44
                go to the country
                If a head of government or a government
                goes to the country, they hold a general election.
                This expression is used in British English.
                The Prime Minister is about to call snap elections
                even though he doesn't have to go to the
                country for another year.

                courage
                Dutch courage

                •4

                When someone drinks alcohol so that they
                feel less frightened or nervous of a task they
                have to do, you can describe the drinks or
                their effect as Dutch courage. This expression
                is used mainly in British English.
                The survey also noted how some performers
                used a little Dutch courage to overcome inhibitions.
                Sometimes before leaving I would drink a
                glass of vodka on the stairs for Dutch courage
                and then go out

                course
                on course for

                44-4

                If you are on course for something, you are
                likely to achieve it.
                Hungary's Krisztina Egerszegi is on course
                for a third gold medal at the European Championships.
                We're well on course for a Labour victory in
                a general election.
                City experts believe the club is on course for a
                £5 million prefit this year.

                run its course
                -4-4-4
                take its course
                If something runs its course or takes its
                course, it develops gradually and comes to a
                natural end of its own accord.
                If you allow such behavior to run its course
                without reading, eventually the behavior will
                disappear on its own.
                The real recovery for the auto industry won't
                come until the recession runs its course.
                The Conservatives can be criticised as the
                party that prefers to let the market take its

                course.

                Coventry

                84

                stay the course

                44

                If you stay the course, you finish a difficult
                or unpleasant task, even though you have
                been discouraged from doing so or have found
                it hard.
                In Canada, where the infantry opened to
                women five years ago. very few have stayed the

                course.

                Nevertheless, in her career she had seen a
                good many people come and go. Some had
                more talent than others and stayed the course
                better

                court
                hold court

                *•4*

                If you hold court, you are surrounded by
                people who pay you a lot of attention because
                they consider you interesting or important
                This expression is often used to suggest that
                the person holding court is rather selfimportant and does not deserve this attention
                and admiration.
                Hay is holding court, speculating on the hits
                and misses of the current theatre season
                She used to hold court in the college canteen
                with a host of admirers who hung on her every
                utterance.
                He used to hold court at Cole's Restaurant
                He was the greatest raconteur I've ever encountered
                in my life.
                laughed out of court
                •4
                If you or your ideas are laughed out of
                court, people dismiss your ideas and do not
                take you seriously.
                Only a decade ago the idea of an Equal Opportunities
                Commission championing and
                strengthening the rights of women would have
                been laughed out of court as preposterous and
                ludicrous.
                The whole exercise is a farce, and would be
                laughed out of court in any country where
                ‘open government' was anything more than an
                empty election slogan

                ruled out of court
                put out of court
                If something that you want to do is

                ruled

                out of court or Is put out of court, circuinstances make it impossible for you to do it
                This expression is used mainly in

                British

                English.

                It seemed at one stage that I would be aifc*®
                go into the medical course in September bw
                then in August I caught polio which clearly
                put it out of court.

                Coventry
                send someone to Coventry
                If you are sent to Coventry, other
                ignore you and refuse to talk to you

                __

                4


                    evince -p 104 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

                cover
                they disapprove

                of something you have done.

                This expression is used in British English.
                There is a strong feeling of hostility towards
                his decision. He has been sent to Coventry.
                Maybe that sounds childish but the consensus
                is he has been selfish.
                When she complained to bosses of sexual harassment
                she was sent to Coventry by staff.

                cover
                cover your back
                cover your rear
                cover your ass

                4

                If you do something in order to cover your
                back or to cover your rear, you do it in order
                to protect yourself, for example against
                criticism or against accusations of doing
                something wrong.
                He had covered his back by persuading
                Moustofa Zohdi, chairman of I/ifico's finance
                committee, to provide a written approval for
                the contract.
                Don't try to use the FBI to cover your rear
                when your staff gets into trouble in the travel

                office.

                You can also say that you do something in
                order to cover your ass. This is a very informal
                expression, which many people consider
                offensive.
                You had to have an answer for everything
                you had to cover your ass all the time.

                -

                COW

                have a cow
                If you have a cow, you become very upset
                or angry. This is an informal expression,
                which is used in American English.
                I won't be bullied into having a cow. under
                stand. I'm going to put my foot down on this

                one.
                a sacred cow

                If you describe a belief, opinion, or tradition
                as a sacred cow, you disapprove of the fact
                that people are not willing to criticize or
                Question it or to do anything to change it.
                That would have meant leaving the Exchange
                Rate Mechanism and the ERM is the sacred
                cow of British politics.
                Many critics think reservation policies have
                become a sacred cow and should be abolished.
                -

                cows
                Until the cows come home

                If you say that you could do something un1,1 the
                cows come home, you mean that you
                c°uld do it for a very long time.
                You can initiate policies until the cows come
                otne. but unless they're monitored at a senior

                L

                cracks

                85

                Your child will enjoy this lively tape till the

                cows come home!

                crack
                at the crack of dawn

                •a

                If you wake up at the crack of dawn, you
                wake up very early.
                He was scheduled to get up at the crack of
                dawn for an interview on ‘Good Morning
                America'.
                On Monday at the crack of dawn I was rung
                up by somebody in the Law Faculty.

                have a crack at something
                take a crack at something
                4-4
                If you have a crack at doing something difficult
                or challenging, you try to do it. You can
                also say that you take a crack at something.
                I've decided now to have a crack at the world

                cross country race.

                She has no special ambitions, but would
                nonetheless like to have a crack at Hollywood.
                He says if he had a chance he'd like to take a
                crack at writing the screenplay.

                cracked
                not all it's cracked up to be

                44

                If you say that something is not all it's
                cracked up to be, you mean that it is not as
                good as people say it is.
                Alexander is finding life as a manager not
                all it's cracked up to be.
                One of life's little luxuries is an annual holiday
                in the sun. But package holidays are not
                always all they're cracked up to be.
                This expression is very variable.
                But are these islands in the sun everything
                they are cracked up to be7
                It's one of those places you hear so much
                about that you wonder if it really is as good as
                it's cracked up to be.

                cracking
                get cracking

                <

                If you get cracking, you start doing something
                immediately and quickly. This is an informal
                expression.
                I realised that if we got cracking, we could
                make the last 700 miles to St Lucia within our
                deadline.
                I promised to get cracking on the deal.

                cracks
                fall through the cracks
                slip through the cracks
                If people fall through the cracks or slip
                through the cracks, the system which is supposed
                to help or deal with them does not do it
                properly. These expressions are used in


                    evince -p 105 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

                cradle
                American English; the British expression is
                slip through the net

                Patients who are misdiagnosed are falling
                through the cracks of the new law.
                This family slipped through the cracks in the
                system, they are not eligible for aid.

                paper over the cracks
                If you say that someone papers over the
                cracks, you mean that they try to conceal the
                fact that something has gone badly wrong rather
                than deal with it effectively and honestly.
                'Gloss over* and 'cover' are sometimes used
                instead of 'paper over'. This expression is
                used mainly in British English.
                David Powers says accepting the minister's
                resignation will only serve to paper over the
                cracks of a much more serious rift.
                I think the cracks have been papered over.
                But I think they've been papered over at a very
                high price.

                The film is rather disjointed at times but the
                performances help gloss over the cracks.

                cradle
                cradle-snatching
                If someone has a sexual relationship with a
                person who is much younger than them, you
                can say that they are cradle-snatching. This
                expression is usually used ironically or to
                show disapproval. This expression is used in
                British English; the American expression is
                robbing the cradle.
                He was young enough to cause a first reaction
                of 'My God but she's cradle-snatching
                now'.
                His uncle said: 'His dad and / just can't believe
                it. The woman is even older than his
                mother. It's cradle snatching.'

                You can describe someone who does this as
                a cradle-snatcher.
                The ageing actress is a cradle snatcher, says
                her toyboy's family.

                from the cradle to the grave

                creature

                86

                4

                If you say that something happens from the
                cradle to the grave or from cradle to grave,
                you are emphasizing that it happens
                throughout a person's life.
                He had few illusions about John, knew what
                John had done and what he was capable of doing.
                but the bond if brotherhood was one to
                last from the cradle to the grave.
                I think she'll be remembered for her attack
                on the whole idea that the state is ultimately
                responsible for the individual and should, in
                effect, look after him from cradle to grave.

                rob the cradle
                If someone has a sexual relationship with a
                person who is much younger than them, you
                can say that they are robbing the cradle.
                This expression is usually used ironically or

                to show disapproval. This expression is used
                in American English; the British expression
                is cradle-snatching.
                'I'll always be younger,' he said, ‘and there'll
                always be those who might accuse you of robbing
                the cradle.'
                You can describe someone who does this as
                a cradle robber.
                Women who make off with men 15 to 30 years
                younger are viewed as neurotic cradle robbers.
                But, in fact, there is evidence that nature may
                have intended 20-year-old boys as the lovers of
                40-year-old women.

                crash
                crash and burn
                To crash and burn means to fail badly, for
                example because of a careless mistake or an
                unfortunate action. This expression is used
                mainly in American English.
                The UN's Rio Earth Summit clearly ranks as
                one of the most ambitious summit meetings
                ever held. Some say a meeting this big can only
                crash and burn.
                When unacknowledged stress builds up. It
                can cause over-achievers to crash and bum,
                and they can end up suffering from emotional
                disorders and stress related illnesses.

                crazy
                crazy as a bedbug
                If you say that someone is as crazy as a
                bedbug, you are emphasizing that their behaviour
                is illogical. This expression is used
                mainly in American English.
                By now she'd concluded that Skolnick
                crazy as a bedbug

                was

                cream
                the cream of the crop
                You can refer to the best people or things in
                a particular set or group as the cream of the
                crop.
                The

                first Midlands media

                degree show

                few

                cream of the crop of this year's
                graduates in photography, film, and video.
                lures the

                The cream of the British crop, the literary
                dramas that are shown on U.S. public television
                as 'Masterpiece Theater', make up a relatively
                small part of British air time.

                creature
                creature comforts
                Creature comforts are modern

                4

                sleeping

                eating, and washing facilities that most people
                enjoy but which are not regarded as particularly
                extravagant or luxurious.
                ,
                Each room has its own patio or balcony ah"
                provides guests with all modem creature com

                forts.


                    evince -p 106 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

                creek
                Obviously the camping lifestyle suits him? 7

                like my creature comforts. But here I don't
                seem to need them, ' he replies.

                creek
                up the creek
                up the creek without a paddle
                4
                up shit creek
                If you say that someone or something is up
                the creek, you mean that they are in a very
                difficult situation.
                We're up the creek because we don't know
                where to go from here.
                The Chancellor of the Exchequer believes his
                critics are 'up the creek". His tormentors think
                much the same about the Chancellor.
                D You can also say that someone or something
                is up the creek without a paddle.
                It is now becoming increasingly obvious there
                won't be any boom. That leaves Australia up
                the creek without a paddle.
                People sometimes say up shit creek to emphasize
                that the situation is extremely difficult.
                This is a very informal expression,
                which many people find offensive.
                The economy's up shit creek, the recession has
                become a slump, everyone's unemployed.

                crest
                on the crest of a wave
                ride the crest of the wave

                -4

                If you are on the crest of a wave, you are
                being very successful with something you are
                doing.
                Founded in 1972, the Front has often been
                dismissed as a cranky fringe group. But now
                its members are confident they're on the crest of

                a wave.

                Hippy rappers PM Dawn are riding on the
                crest of a wave with the worldwide success of
                their number one selling single 'Set Adrift On
                Memory Bliss'.
                This expression is very variable. For example,
                you can say that someone is riding the
                crest of the wave.
                Both men have chosen to make foreign tours
                ot a time when they are riding the crest of the

                wave politically.

                The Barnsleys had prospered on the crest of
                the wave of industrialisation but had maintained
                a strong social conscience.
                You can replace ‘wave' with words such as
                ‘success', 'popularity' or 'confidence'.
                He is riding a crest of rare confidence.

                p

                ticket

                it s just not cricket
                In British English, people say ‘it's
                ticket' or 'it's not cricket' when

                crock

                87

                4

                just not
                they are

                ir~—

                fair or unreasonable. This is an old-fashioned
                expression, which is now used mainly in journalism.
                His belligerent attitude to opposition batsmen
                is nothing short of rudeness. Younger players
                are set a bad example by such behaviour
                which is just not cricket, and / would hope not
                Australian.
                The bank puts thousands of pounds a year
                into cricket - yet their treatment of staff is defi
                nitely not cricket

                crisp
                burned to a crisp
                If you say that something is burned to a
                crisp, you are emphasizing that it is badly
                burned. 'Burn' is sometimes replaced with
                other verbs with a similar meaning
                Customers who insist on having their food
                burnt to a crisp should get it that way.
                Any spacecraft which approaches too close to
                the 6,000 degree inferno of the visible surface
                would fry to a crisp, so useful data can be ob
                tained only from a respectful distance.
                People sometimes use this expression to
                say that someone is very sunburned.
                The white streaks on his nose and forehead
                were sunburn lotion (he had burned to a crisp
                that summer).

                critical
                go critical
                If a project or organization goes critical, it
                reaches a stage of development where it can
                operate smoothly and successfully.
                The programme confirmed its initial impact
                in week two, and really ‘went critical' with the
                third edition on 8 December.
                Bristol airport is about to 'go critical'. That
                will come when more than a million passengers
                a year pass through the terminal.
                This expression is more commonly used in
                talking about nuclear power. When a nuclear
                power station goes critical, it reaches a state
                in which a nuclear fission chain reaction can
                sustain itself.

                crock
                a crock of shit

                4

                You can describe what someone has said as
                a crock of shit when you consider that it is
                nonsense or completely wrong or worthless.
                This is a very informal expression, which
                many people consider offensive. It is used
                more commonly in American English than
                British.
                ‘McAllister? Let's hear from you. Tell us what
                you think of the poem.‘ 'Frankly. Dr K I think
                it's a crock of shit.'


                    evince -p 107 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

                crocodile
                All that stuff about us splitting up. it's such
                a crock of shit.

                crocodile
                shed crocodile tears

                4

                If you accuse someone of shedding crocodile
                tears, you are accusing them of being insincere
                because they are pretending to sympathize
                with someone who they do not really
                care about. Verbs such as ‘weep' and ‘cry' are
                sometimes used instead of ‘shed'.
                He shed a lot of crocodile tears. He described
                the wrecking of the coal industry as 'the toughest
                decision l have ever had to take' and 'a
                dreadful thing to have to do'.
                Labour MPs who weep crocodile tears over
                the plight of those who earn £10,000 a year insist
                that they cannot get by on ten times that
                amount.
                O You can refer to a display of sympathy or
                grief that is insincere as crocodile tears.
                If ever I've seen crocodile tears, those are
                them. It was a con job. Who does she think
                she's kidding?

                cropper
                come a cropper: 1

                44

                If you say that someone has come a cropper,
                you mean that they have suffered a sud
                den and embarrassing failure. This expression
                is used mainly in British English.
                The East London entrepreneur who began
                selling radio aerials from the back of a mini
                van, has come a cropper. The recession has
                finally caught up with him.
                Scott must concentrate exclusively on learning
                his new trade. He will come a cropper If he
                thinks he knows it all before he starts.
                Hanks dabbling in industry can easily come a
                cropper.

                come a cropper: 2
                If you come a cropper, you accidentally fall
                and hurt yourself. This expression is used
                mainly in British English.
                There are some well-known tricks in the business,
                like putting Sellotape on your rival's
                blades, so that as soon as he glides on to the
                ice he comes a cropper.
                Bruised Premier's daughter Elizabeth Major
                had the day off work on doctor's orders yesterday
                after coming a cropper on her horseracing
                debut.

                cross
                a cross to bear

                crow

                68

                4

                If you have a cross to bear, you have a responsibility
                or an unpleasant or inconvenient
                situation which you must tolerate, because
                you can do nothing about it.
                'My wife is much cleverer than me, it is a

                cross I have to bear.' he

                quips at

                one point in

                the interview.

                ‘One day.' Mary Pierce's father said a few
                years ago, ‘she'll be better than any of them.'
                That sort of remark is not an easy cross to
                bear.
                Healy believes broken fingers are crosses
                every keeper must bear and he is determined
                not to let the side down.

                crossed
                get your wires crossed
                get your lines crossed

                4

                If you get your wires crossed or get your
                lines crossed, you are mistaken about what
                someone else means or thinks. 'Get your lines
                crossed' is used only in British English.
                Despite her tone of voice, she still looked
                vaguely confused He began to wonder if he'd
                gotten his wires crossed
                He appeared to get his lines crossed 'What
                part of America are you from?' he asked. 'Swe
                den. ' came the reply.
                a You can refer to this type of misunder
                standing as crossed wires or, in British English,
                crossed lines
                In a month where crossed wires abound for
                many people, it is essential to keep things in
                proportion.

                crossfire
                caught in the crossfire
                4
                If you say that someone or something is
                caught in the crossfire, you mean that they
                suffer the unpleasant effects of a disagreement
                between other people even though they are
                not involved in it themselves.
                Plans for the National Gallery's much needed
                extension were caught in the crossfire of the
                architectural debate on the merits of modernism.
                Britain is only one of the victims caught in
                the crossfire as the German mark continues to
                gain strength and the US dollar to fall.
                Teachers say they are caught in the crossfire
                between the education establishment and the
                Government.
                This expression is more commonly used literally
                to talk about a situation where someone
                is in the way of two sets of people who
                are firing guns, and so is likely to be shot by
                mistake.

                crow
                as the crow dies

                4

                If you say that one place is a particular distance
                from another as the crow flies, you
                mean that the two places are that distance
                apart if you measure them in a straight line,


                    evince -p 108 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

                crunch
                although the actual distance when travelled
                by road would be much greater.
                My name is Betty Perkes, and I live at Mesa,
                Washington, about 10 miles as the crow flies

                from Hanford.

                Although not distant as the crow flies from
                area has always
                been and still is remote.
                People occasionally replace ‘crow' with another
                word which is relevant to the subject
                they are writing about.
                They must travel 44 kilometres to visit relatives
                on the other side of the canal, one kilometre
                as the gull flies, unless they can catch
                the ferry
                Tehran, this mountainous

                eat crow
                If someone eats crow, they admit that they
                have been wrong and apologize, especially in
                situations where this is humiliating or embarrassing
                for them. This expression is used
                mainly in American English.
                But by the end of the year, Safire showed he
                was willing to eat crow. His first judgments of
                Watergate, he wrote, had been ‘really wrong'.

                crunch
                when it conies to the crunch
                the crunch conies
                crunch time

                444

                If you talk about what you will do when it
                comes to the crunch or if it comes to the
                crunch, you are talking about what you will
                do when a situation reaches a critical point
                and you must make a decision on how to progress.
                It may be, therefore, that when it came to the
                crunch last night, that certain people simply

                lost their nerve.

                If it comes to the crunch. I'll resign over this.
                You can also say the crunch comes when

                a situation reaches a critical point.
                The crunch came when we discovered newly
                promoted white managers were getting more
                money than we were. We were training chaps
                who were earning more than we were. I
                thought this cannot be right.
                O You can refer to the time when an important
                decision has to be made as crunch time.
                On the same day, the hospital will also be
                visited by a Department of Health official in a
                move which everyone regards as a crunch time
                'n the campaign to save the 870-year-old hospi
                tal

                crust

                eam a crust

                cuff

                89

                4

                *f you earn a crust or earn your crust, you
                earn enough money to live on, especially by
                aoing work you would prefer not to do. This
                expression is used in British English.

                In his early days, he would do almost any
                thing to earn a crust from the sport
                Mr Miller, a struck-off doctor, is now earning

                his crust as a bookmaker.

                cry
                a far cry from something

                444

                If you say that one thing is a far cry from
                another, you mean that the two things are
                very different from each other You usually
                use this expression when you are contrasting
                an earlier situation with the current one.
                It isn't a perfect democracy, but it's a far cry
                from the authoritarian rule of only a few years

                ago
                The level of interest in stock car racing is a
                far cry from what it was when Richard Petty
                first hit the circuit.

                in ftill cry
                You use the expression in full cry to emphasize
                that someone is doing something very
                actively or that something is happening very
                intensely. This expression is used mainly in

                British English.
                We had left four or five people back in the
                bar where a Sunday lunchtime jazz band was
                in full cry.
                Confronted by a press pack in full cry. Her
                mother resorted to using the house intercom to
                communicate with them.
                Her comic timing is impeccable, her gift for
                mimicry brilliant There is no better entertain
                ment than La Plante in full cry

                cudgels
                take up the cudgels
                If you take up the cudgels for someone or
                take up the cudgel for them, you speak up
                or fight in support of them.
                The trade unions took up the cudgels for the
                367 staff who were made redundant.
                ff you have any gripes or questions, let's hear
                from you. We'll take up the cudgels on your be
                half

                The teachers' union has its own position to
                protect in taking up that cudgel.

                cuff
                off-the-cuff

                44-4

                An off-the-cuff remark, opinion, or comment
                is one that has not been prepared or
                carefully thought out
                Gascoigne offered an apology last night, saying:
                Tm sorry. 1 didn't mean any cffence. It
                was a flippant, off-the-cuff remark. '
                The immediacy of television news reporting,
                thrusting emotive pictures simultaneously under
                the noses of world leaders and into the living
                rooms of their electorate, encourages offthe-cuff decision-making.


                    evince -p 109 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

                cup
                If you say something off the cuff, you say
                it spontaneously without really preparing it
                or thinking about it very much.
                Eisenman was speaking off the cuff, and it's
                possible that my tape recorder did not catch
                every last word
                His remarks apparently made off-the<uff at
                have
                a meeting with an Indian diplomat
                raised a storm of protest.

                -

                cup
                not your cup of tea

                curve

                90

                44

                If you say that something is not your cup
                of tea, you mean that you do not feel very en
                thusiastic about it or interested in it.
                It's no secret that I've never been the greatest
                traveller. Sitting for hours on motorways is not
                my cup of tea.
                ‘How well do you know the Parbolds, Maisie?'
                "Not my cup cf tea, and I'm not theirs. '
                You can say that something Is your cup of
                tea when you do feel enthusiastic about it or
                interested in it.
                I don't have much time for modern literature.
                Chaucer's my cup cf tea.

                cupboard
                cupboard love
                In British English, you use cupboard love
                to refer to the insincere affection shown by
                children or animals towards someone who
                they think will give them something that they
                want.
                The cat twined himself around her ankles, assuring
                her cf complete agreement. ‘Cupboard
                love," she accused, freeing her ankles. "You'd
                agree with anyone who could open the fridge
                or cooker. '

                curate
                a curate's egg
                In British English, if you describe something
                as a curate's egg, you think that parts
                of it are good and parts of it are bad. You can
                also say that something is like the curate's
                egg.
                Wasserman's collection of duets with famous

                friends is something cf a curate's egg.

                Like the curate's egg, the text is good in
                parts, but suffers from discontinuity.
                Wooldridge goes out with a real curate's egg
                of a production; intermittently brilliant in the
                first half, but completely out cf its depth in the
                second.

                curiosity
                curiosity killed the cat
                You say ‘curiosity killed the cat' when you

                are warning someone that they will suffer

                harm or damage themselves if they try to find
                out about other people's private affairs.
                'Where are we going?" Colder asked. "Curiosity
                killed the cat, dear. You'll find out soon

                enough. '

                In his experience, curiosity had killed more
                than one cat.

                curtain
                bring the curtain down on something
                444
                the curtain comes down
                If someone or something brings down the
                curtain on an event, process, or state of af
                fairs, they cause or mark its end. You can
                also say that the curtain comes down on
                something.
                Today's simple but moving ceremonies bring
                down the curtain on that long and historic period
                in Philippine history marked by the presence
                of American troops in our territory.
                Brian Clough brings the curtain down on one
                of the most amazing managerial careers of alltime this weekend.
                Now the curtain ought to be coming down on
                one of the most appalling financial scandals in
                British history.

                curtains
                it's curtains
                mean curtains
                spell curtains

                <

                If you say that it's curtains for someone,
                you mean that their career, their period of
                success, or their life is coming to an end. If

                you say that it's curtains for something, you
                mean that it will be destroyed or is likely to
                fail. You can also say that something means
                curtains or spells curtains for someone or
                something.
                If the vote is yes, it's curtains for us. A way
                cf life will disappear.
                The fight with Wharton on December 10 is
                now of monumental importance because, if he
                fights like that, it could be curtains for his unbeaten
                record.
                I would like what happened to Bryan to give
                hope to people in a similar position. A diagnosis
                like that doesn't always mean curtains.

                curve
                throw someone a curve
                throw someone a curve ball
                curve balls
                If someone throws you a curve or if they
                throw you a curve ball, they surprise you by

                doing something unexpected and perhaps puff
                ing you at a disadvantage. These expression5
                are used mainly in American English.
                Just when they thought they might have the

                “


                    evince -p 110 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

                cut
                boss figured out, Knight would throw them a

                curve. No-one could ever put him all together.

                You can refer to unexpected problems as

                curve balls.

                Once you learn the person's habits and idiosyncrasies,
                there will be few curve balls.

                cut
                cannot cut it

                does not cut it
                If you say that someone cannot cut It or
                does not cut it, you mean that they are not
                talented or ambitious enough to succeed in a

                particular job.
                Most pop stars leave a wake of bitterness in
                their trail: musicians or managers who can't
                cut it at the highest level, or old friends whose
                telephone numbers have been forgotten.
                'The money is a huge attraction, ' said Jonathan
                Christie, a market maker in engineering
                and manufacturing. ‘But it's a cut-throat business.
                If you don't cut it then you are out.'

                a cut above the rest

                a cut above

                444

                If you say that someone or something is a
                cut above the rest, you think they are much
                better than other people or things they are being
                compared to. You can also describe someone
                or something as a cut above.
                Crime fiction now basks in literary respect
                ability, and Joan Smith 's detective stories are a
                cut above the rest.
                Near the top of the list is the Forte Crest
                which, whatever one's views of hotels owned by
                large chains, is distinctly a cut above the average
                of its kind.
                I hate to be predictable, but like the last 18
                R.E.M. singles, it's a cut above.

                cut and dried

                444

                If you say that a situation or discussion is
                cut and dried, you mean that it Is clear and
                definite, and does not raise any questions or
                problems.

                I like things planned and neat, cut and dried
                and precise.
                Now, this situation is not as cut-and dried as
                it may seem.
                The link between stress and heart attacks is
                by no means cut and dried, although most peo
                Pie feel intuitively that it exists.
                LJ A cut-and-dried solution, answer, or mat
                u>r is one that is very straightforward and
                not raise any questions or problems.
                There are no cut and-dried answers as to why
                ° mother or father kills their baby.
                What appeared to be a cut-and-dried issue is
                aow showing signs of life once again.

                Cut and run

                cylinders

                91

                4

                lf you say that someone has decided to cut

                and run from a difficult situation, you are
                criticizing them for trying to escape from it
                quickly, rather than dealing with the situation
                in a responsible way.
                When foreigners own property and corporations
                in the U.S.. they are less likely to cut and
                run in bad times, and more likely to invest ex
                tra capital
                He had an unfortunate tendency to cut and
                run when things didn 't go his way.
                Cut-and-run can also be used before a

                noun.

                Some people have been predicting a cut-arid
                run election much earlier than that, when the
                recovery has got moving and before it runs out
                of steam.
                the cut and thrust
                -4-4
                If you talk about the cut and thrust of a

                particular activity or society, you are talking
                about the aspects of it that make It exciting
                and challenging. This expression is used in
                British English.
                Why then does he want to go back into the
                harrowing cut and thrust of the airline business
                at an age when most men are happily retired?
                You seem to enjoy the cut and thrust of historical
                debate.
                A cut-and thrust society or contest is one
                that is very exciting, although it is also competitive
                and stressful.
                She has spent the past two years carving out
                a career as a production assistant in the cutand-thrust world of advertising.
                The entire match was a cut and thrust battle
                between the two evenly matched teams.

                4
                not cut out for something
                If you say that someone is not cut out for a
                particular lifestyle or job, you mean that it is

                not the sort of thing that they would enjoy or
                succeed in.
                As you'll have gathered, 1 left medicine anyway.
                I wasn't really cut out for it.
                Sometimes I think I'm not cut out for a

                steady relationship.
                You can say that someone is cut out for a
                particular lifestyle or job when you think that
                they would enjoy it and succeed in it
                Unlike some distinguished players, he was cut
                out for management because underneath the affable,
                jocular exterior lies the prized quality of
                judgement.

                cylinders
                fire on all cylinders

                44

                If someone is firing on all cylinders, they
                are doing a task with great enthusiasm and
                energy. ‘Fire' is occasionally replaced with
                other verbs such as ‘operate'.
                / saw her a few weeks ago and she was firing


                    evince -p 111 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

                dab

                dance

                92

                If someone is not doing a task as well as
                they should be, you can say that they are not
                firing on all cylinders or are only firing on
                two cylinders.
                We were only firing on two cylinders instead
                of four. But people have been told, and you
                won't see a bad performance like that again.

                on all cylinders. 1 don't think she would know
                what to do with herself if she did not work.
                When Wales are firing on all cylinders, they
                can beat any country in the world at football,
                as Germany and Brazil could tell you.
                Boy, you two guys are operating on all cylinders
                this morning.

                D
                dab
                a dab hand

                4-4

                If you are a dab hand at something, you are
                very good at doing it. This expression is used
                in British English.
                She was an avid reader and a dab hand at
                solving difficult crossword puzzles.
                IVe gave big lunches every weekend and I became
                a dab hand at roasts.

                daft
                daft as a brush

                •4

                If you say that someone is as daft as a
                brush, you are emphasizing that they are
                very silly or stupid. This expression is used
                in British English.
                She was as dofl as a brush. Couldn't say
                anything with any sense in it.
                I've said before that he's as daft as a brush
                and he is. I have never, ever come across anyone
                like him.

                daggers
                at daggers drawn

                •4

                If two people or groups are at daggers
                drawn, they are having a serious disagreement
                and are very angry with each other.
                This expression is used in British English.
                It is rumoured that the publishing and record
                divisions of the company were at daggers
                drawn over the simultaneous release of the
                book and the album.
                The government now finds itself at daggers
                drawn with the same press it had gone to such
                great lengths to give freedom of expression to.

                look daggers at someone
                shoot daggers at someone
                If someone looks daggers at you or shoots
                daggers at you. they stare at you in a very
                angry way. Verbs such as •stare' and ‘glare'
                are sometimes used instead of ‘look' or
                'shoot'. These expressions are used mainly in
                novels.
                Christabel slopped caressing her hair and
                looked daggers at Ron. Watching them glare
                angrily at each other reminded me of some

                thing I'd read once; that hate was the reverse
                side of the coin called love.
                Dede shot daggers at her adversary until she
                was out of sight.
                Jon glared daggers at Michael and grabbed
                the back of his belt, bringing him to a stand
                still.

                daisies
                push up the daisies
                If you say that someone Is pushing up the
                daisies, you mean that they are dead This
                expression is used to refer to someone's death
                in a light hearted or humorous way.
                7 hope I die before I get old,' sang Pete
                Townshend in 'My Generation'. Instead of
                pushing up daisies, Townshend is still among
                the living, grey whiskers and all.

                damper
                put a damper on something
                put a dampener on something
                -44
                If someone or something puts a damper on
                a situation, they stop it being as successful or
                as enjoyable as it might be. In British English
                you can also say that they put a dampener

                on it.

                Fear of terrorism and war has put a damper

                on bookings at Mike Dorman's Vacation

                Hotline in Chicago.
                Peggy was happy with her daughter's choice
                of husband. The only thing that put a bit of a
                damper on the whole thing was the fact that
                her daughter would be moving to another town
                to be near her husband's work.
                Unemployment will be a central theme of the
                Labour attack. It will highlight not only the
                tragic human problems, but its effect as a
                dampener on economic confidence and investment

                dance
                lead you a merry dance
                4
                lead you a merry chase
                If you say that someone leads you a merry
                dance while you are trying to achieve something,
                you mean that they make a lot of difficulties
                for you, so that you do not achieve it


                    evince -p 112 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

                dander
                quickly or easily. You can also say that somemerry
                chase. These expressions
                are used in British English.
                They had led the Irish Government a merry
                dance for the last seven months
                I began to court the lady who last year became
                my second wife She led me quite a dance,
                but I never gave up.
                He led Vincent Korda a merry chase across
                Italy before agreeing to take the part

                one leads you a

                dander
                get someone's dander up
                If someone gets your dander up,

                they make

                you feel very annoyed and angry. This is an
                old fashioned expression.
                We came to try and solve things and now
                that's being undermined, and I, for one, am
                frankly outraged. That gets my dander up.
                She was almost speechless with rage and despair
                My God, Max thought, once she gets her
                dander up she catches fire!

                dark
                in the dark

                444

                If you are in the dark about something, you
                know nothing about it. If you are kept or are
                left in the dark about something, people keep
                it secret from you, because they do not want
                you to know about it.
                The sooner we can clear up the case, the bet
                ter for you and everyone. But at the moment
                I'm in the dark.
                Congress and the public were kept in the
                dark about the decision to cross the line from

                defense to preparation for war.
                The officers who spoke to us were not obliged
                to give us any of this information We could
                have been left in the dark until the inquest

                nine months later.
                keep something dark
                If you keep something dark, you keep it a
                secret.
                She took pleasure in keeping dark the identity
                of the man who was coming.

                a leap in the dark

                <
                If you take a leap in the dark, you do
                something without knowing what the conse
                quences will be, usually because you feel you
                have no other choice but to take this course
                of action. This expression is used in British
                English.
                In the last five months, voters in both Brazil
                and Nicaragua have rejected old campaigners.
                preferring to take a leap in the dark by elect
                ing outsiders with little or no political experi
                ence to the highest office.

                dawn

                93

                What I had before me wasn't a rational
                choice: it was a leap in the dark.

                a shot in the dark
                a stab in the dark

                4

                If you refer to a guess as a shot in the
                dark, you mean that it is a complete guess,
                although there is a small chance that it will
                be right. You can also say that it is a stab in
                the dark.
                The Japanese go about their business much
                as other nations do - with a pretty standard
                mixture of good judgment, luck, mistakes and
                shots in the dark.
                It is impossible to undertake a wild stab in
                the dark and take a guess at their roots.

                whistle in the dark

                4

                If you say that someone is whistling in the
                dark, you mean that they are trying not to
                show that they are afraid, or that they are
                trying to convince themselves that a situation
                is not as bad as it seems.
                Then I waited, trying not to feel as if I were
                whistling in the dark, but I experienced no easing
                qf my fear and anxiety.
                Boris is a careful pilot and he would never
                have run the tanks so low. Therefore the gauge
                must be giving a faulty reading That was log
                ic Or maybe it was whistling in the dark.

                dash
                cut a dash

                4

                If someone cuts a dash, they impress other
                people with their stylish appearance. This ex
                pression is used mainly in British English.
                Then Mr Marsh's lawyer, a ruddycheeked
                Irishman who looks as though he would cut a
                dash on the hunting field, started his crossexamination.
                Tania cut a daring dash with a dress slashed
                almost to the waist

                date
                past your sell-by date
                pass your seli-by date
                «
                If you say that someone or something is
                past their sell-by date or has passed their
                sell-by date, you are saying that they are no
                longer useful, successful, or relevant. These
                expressions are used in British English. Other
                verbs can be used instead of ‘pass'.

                One critic said that when a black artist's
                audience is mainly white, he's past his sell-by
                date.
                The feeling is that the broad shouldered ‘pow
                er dressing' cf the Eighties has passed its sell
                by date
                Critics cf the monarchy say it has reached its
                sell-by date.

                dawn
                a false dawn
                If you refer to an event as a false dawn,


                    evince -p 113 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

                day

                94

                you mean that although it seems to mark an
                improvement in a bad situation, there is in
                fact no improvement. This expression is used
                mainly in British journalism.
                The new age of enterprise which the Government
                hoped would revitalise Britain in the
                Eighties turned out to be a false dawn.
                It may be another false dawn for the
                carmakers there have been several in the past
                decade or it may be something more lasting.
                Elections are scheduled for next year But Angolans
                have seen many false dawns before. Is
                the country really heading for democracy and a
                durable peace?
                -

                day
                all in a day's work

                •4

                If you say that something difficult, unusual,
                or exciting is all in a day's work for someone,
                you mean that they find it easy or normal
                because it is part of their job or because
                they often experience this kind of thing.
                For war reporters, dodging snipers' bullets is
                all in a day's work.
                Performing live can prove tricky for essentially
                studio based bands, but Elton reckons it's all
                in a day's work for rising starlets.

                at the end of the day

                <
                You can use at the end of the day to summarize
                several points you have made and to
                introduce your main conclusion. This expression
                is used mainly in journalism and in spoken
                English.
                At the end of the day, it's the Germans who
                wilt decide.
                At the end of the day, the Dolls seemed destined
                to be a minority taste, despite the growing
                fascination for glam brought on by David
                Bowie's transvestism
                call it a day: 1
                call it a night
                •4-4 -4
                If you decide to call it a day, you decide to
                stop doing something, usually because you
                are tired or are bored with it.
                Jane was part of a team that has struggled
                hard to finish a difficult assignment. 7 wanted
                to call it a day and get home as much as anyone,
                ' she recalls.
                It was late afternoon and / searched for
                hours but I had to call it a day when darkness

                fell
                In the evening, people sometimes say that
                they are going to call it a night.
                Tomorrow is going to be busy, so let's call it
                a night

                call It a day: 2
                If someone calls it a day, they retire.
                It's no secret I want his job when he calls it a
                day. That's my great ambition.

                day
                He's finally decided to call it a day and retire
                as manager.
                44
                carry the day
                If a person or their opinion carries the day
                in a contest or debate, they win it. This expression
                is used mainly in journalism.
                For the time being, those in favour of the liberalisation
                measures seem to have carried the
                day.
                Mr Murphy's pessimistic analysis did not carry
                the day unchallenged.
                Many here expect this radical plan to carry
                the day when the vote finally comes.
                4
                the day of reckoning
                If you talk about the day of reckoning, you
                are referring to the time when people are
                forced to deal with an unpleasant situation
                which they have avoided until now.
                The day of reckoning has arrived. You can't
                keep writing checks on a bank account that
                doesn't have any money in it, and that's what's
                been going on in Michigan.
                We consulted a sympathetic attorney, and prepared
                for our day of reckoning. As the date for
                the hearing approached Sara and l grew increasingly
                anxious.
                don't give up the day job
                If someone says to you ‘don't give up the
                day job', they are telling you in a humorous
                way that you should continue to do your normal
                job rather than trying something new
                which is not as secure and which you might
                fail at.
                Her debut was followed by some harsh advice
                from more experienced colleagues: 'Don't give
                up the day job, Norma.'
                / started business in 1973 in the teeth of a recession.
                People thought I was mad and said:
                'Don 't give up the day job. '
                -4-4
                have had your day
                If you say that someone or something has
                had their day, you mean that the period during
                which they were most successful has now
                passed.
                In Hollywood, there were still loyal supporters,
                but the general feeling was that Sturges
                had had his day.
                Has radio had its day or is the golden age
                still to come?
                After a century's domination, American popular
                music may finally have had its day.
                *-4-4
                late in the day
                If someone has done something late in the
                day, they have done it at the last moment or
                in the fined stages of a situation. This expression
                is often used to criticize people for waiting
                too long before taking action.
                It was. she screamed, too late in the day for
                him to start behaving like a loving husband.


                    evince -p 114 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

                daylight
                Chief Superintendent John has admitted, rather
                late in the day, that detectives are handling
                a Very sensitive' investigation,
                It is good news that the department is now
                tentatively drawing up a strategy for the aerospace
                industry It is just a shame such a move
                has come so late in the day.
                makes you feel
                very happy, you can say that they make your

                day.

                There was such a sincere expression of friendliness
                on both their faces that it was a joy to
                see. It really made my day.
                They forget you are a person, sometimes.
                When you have a customer who turns round
                and thanks you, it makes your day.
                4

                people sometimes say *make my day' when
                they want to challenge another person to compete
                or argue with them, in order to have the
                opportunity to prove that they are stronger

                and better than the other person.
                They threaten dire reprisals to any journalist
                who dares to write ‘propaganda ' for the fur
                trade. All I can say is. go ahead boys, make
                my day The only reason / don't have a fur
                coat yet is that l can't Quite afford the one I
                want.

                save for a rainy day
                If you are saving for a

                4

                rainy day. you are
                saving some of your money in case there are
                emergencies or problems in the future. You
                can use ‘put by', 'put aside', and 'put away'

                instead of 'save'.
                Saving for a rainy day and paying off debts
                is now a top priority for families.
                Job loss fears are forcing millions of consum
                ers to save for a rainy day rather than borrow.
                These people spent the money when they had
                it. They did not put it by for a rainy day!

                seize the day

                4

                If you tell someone to seize the day. you
                advising them to do what they want
                straight away, and not to worry about the fu
                are

                ture.

                I can't wait ten years. Life has taught me to
                seize the day, if not the hour.
                The New Zealanders have seized the day. And
                good on them
                for their perspicacity and energy.

                daylight
                broad daylight

                *n

                If

                someone

                Six gunmen attacked his car with automatic

                rifles in broad daylight.
                I have recently spotted three women wearing
                Catwoman outfits in broad daylight.

                daylights
             beat the living daylights out of

            someone: 1

            make someone's day: 1
            If someone or something

            make my day: 2

            days

            95

            444

            does something illegal or daring
            *n broad daylight, they do it openly in the
            daytime when people can see it. You often use
            lbis expression to emphasize that their behav1°Ur is surprising or shocking.

            If someone beats the living daylights out
            of you or beats the daylights out of you.
            they attack you physically, hitting you many
            times. Verbs such as 'knock' and 'thump' can
            be used instead of 'beat'.
            Steve beat the daylights out of him with a
            hefty length of bike chain.
            Hardly an earth-shattering storyline, but then
            this type of game is essentially about whacking
            the living daylights out of the villains.

            beat the living daylights out of
            someone: 2
            If you beat the living daylights out of
            someone or beat the daylights out of them,
            you defeat them totally in a competition or
            contest. Verbs such as 'knock' can be used instead
            of 'beat'.
            Sure, they enjoy the money, the endorsements,
            the fame. But their true pleasure comes from
            walking on to a golf course and beating the
            living daylights out of everyone else.

            scare the living daylights out of
            4
            someone
            If someone or something scares the living
            daylights out of you or scares the daylights
            out of you, they frighten you very much. The
            verb 'frighten' is sometimes used instead of

            'scare'.
            You scared the living daylights out of me last
            night. All that screaming.
            A tremendous wind swept off the land and
            frightened the living daylights out of us.

            days
            have seen better days

            4

            If you say that something has seen better
            days, you mean that it is old and in poor condition.
            The houses had seen better days and their
            crumbling plaster was now dirty grey and
            moist.
            There was an old brass double bed with a
            mattress that had seen better days.
            it's early days
            it's early in the day
            If you say that it's early days in a situation.
            you mean that it is too soon to be sure
            about what will happen in the future. You can
            also say that it's early In the day These expressions
            are used in British English.
            The British Embassy cannot recall when he


                evince -p 115 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            dead
            last paid a visit. However, it is early days yet
            and this could swiftly change.
            Maybe in time we can find some common
            ground but it's very early days.
            The spokesman did not expect any immediate
            moves on new competition or pricing policy. ‘It
            is very early in the day yet. '

            someone's days are numbered
            If you say that someone's days are numbered,
            you mean that they are not likely to
            survive or be successful for much longer.
            His days are numbered. He seems mortally
            ill, is terribly thin, coughs all the time, gasps
            for breath at the slightest movement, and is
            running a high temperature.
            As rebels advanced on the capital it became
            clear that the President's days in power were

            numbered.

            dead
            come back from the dead
            rise from the dead
            raise something from the dead
            If you say that someone or something comes
            back from the dead or rises from the dead,
            you mean that they become active or success
            ful again after a period of being inactive or
            unsuccessful.
            I could not believe I had done it. I had come
            back from the dead and my career had survived
            the ultimate test
            After all, this was a company that, by all appearances,
            had risen from the dead.
            You can also say that someone raises
            something from the dead when they make it
            active or successful again after a period of being
            inactive or unsuccessful.
            The company has been working on the
            scheme to raise this inner-city area from the
            dead since 1982.

            cut someone dead
            If someone you know cuts you dead, they
            deliberately ignore you or refuse to speak to
            you, for example because they are angry with
            you. This expression is used in British Eng
            lish.
            You can only slag off people behind their
            backs for so long. I cut her dead when I realised
            what she was doing. She doesn't have
            many friends here.
            Dyer cut me dead on the stairs.

            dead as a dodo
            If you say that something is as dead as a
            dodo or as dead as the dodo, you mean that
            it is no longer active or popular. This expression
            is used in British English.
            The foreign exchange market was as dead as

            a dodo.

            This lugubrious Mozart style is as dead as

            dead

            96

            the dodo everywhere in the world except Vienna
            and Salzburg.

            dead as a doornail
            If you say that someone is as dead as a
            doornail, you are emphasizing that they are
            dead. If you say that something is as dead as
            a doornail, you mean that it is no longer active
            or popular.
            Samples under an electron microscope normally
            have to be covered with heavy metals,
            kept in a vacuum and then bombarded with
            high-energy particles. They end up dead as

            doornails.
            When Senator Goldwater went down to that
            thrashing defeat in 1964, people said the Republican
            Party was deader than a doornail.

            dead as mutton
            If you say that someone is as dead as mutton,
            you are emphasizing that they are dead.
            If you say that something is as dead as mutton,
            you mean that it is no longer active or
            popular. This expression is used in British
            English.
            We saw a viper. It was 4 feet long and was as
            dead as mutton.
            He advised him that radio was just about to
            become as dead as mutton because of the advent
            of television.

            dead in the water

            44

            If you say that something or someone is
            dead in the water, you mean that they have
            failed and there seems to be little hope that
            they will be successful in the future. This ex
            pression is used mainly in journalism.
            People are not going into auto showrooms;
            they're not buying houses; they're not going
            into stores. This economy is dead in the water.
            I think for all practical purposes, the talks
            are now dead in the water.
            One backbench Tory MP said last night: 'It
            looks as if he is dead in the water now. '
            44
            drop-dead: 1
            You can use drop-dead to emphasize that
            someone or something is very attractive or
            beautiful.
            She's drop-dead gorgeous.
            His office had a drop-dead view of Central
            Park.
            drop dead: 2
            If you tell someone to drop dead, you are
            telling them to go away and leave you alone
            because you are very angry or annoyed with
            them.
            Richard told me to drop dead.
            Seventy-five percent of the firms he called for'
            data were hostile and told him to drop dead.

            knock 'em dead
            knock someone dead
            If you say that something will knock.

            'e,n


                evince -p 116 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            deaf
            dead, you mean that it will impress people a
            great deal. You can also say that something

            knocks you dead.

            Glamorous make up is best reserved for eveor
            days when you want to go all out to
            knock 'em dead.
            Just look 'em in the eye and knock 'em dead.
            Their debut album is going to knock you
            nings,

            dead.
            Knock 'em dead can also be used before a

            noun.

            What we needed was a bout of knock 'em
            dead rabble-rousing, and Guy duly obliged.
            The word 'em is a form of 'them' which is
            used in informal or non-standard English.
            wouldn't be seen dead
            wouldn't be caught dead
            If you say that you wouldn't be seen dead
            or wouldn't be caught dead in particular
            clothes, places, or situations, you are empha
            sizing that you strongly dislike or disapprove

            of them.
            I wouldn't be seen dead in a black straw hat.
            In past centuries, no true aristocrat would
            have been caught dead with a tan. which was
            the mark of a peasant forced to toil for a living
            in the open fields.
            There's many a dad who wouldn't be seen
            dead wheeling a baby in a frilly hooded pram
            through the park.

            deaf
            deaf as a post
            If you say that someone is as deaf as a
            post, you are emphasizing that they are very
            deaf. This is an old-fashioned expression.
            He must be as deaf as a post, half blind and
            verging on the paralytic.

            deal
            a done deal
            If something such as a plan or project is a
            done deal, it has been completed or arranged
            and it cannot be changed. This expression is
            used mainly in American English.
            We're rushing it as fast as we can, and it
            ought to be a done deal by the middle of next

            week.

            The pact is far from being a done deal. It
            must be ratified by the legislative bodies of all
            three countries.
            Ket a raw deal
            444
            You can say that someone gets a raw deal
            jÿhen you feel that they have been treated unfairly
            or badly. Verbs such as 'have' and
            Bive' are often used instead of 'get'.
            we must ask why bank customers get such a
            raw deal. And then find ways to make sure
            tfley get treated fairly in future.

            death

            97

            White people were gloomy about prospects for
            racial harmony, with 53 per cent seeing no end
            to racial tension and 30 per cent thinking
            Blacks got a raw deal in the job market
            I have seen numerous cases where the
            foreign-bom minority were given a raw deal
            and were treated as second-class or third-class
            citizens.

            death
            at death's door
            If someone is at death's door, they are seriously
            ill and are likely to die
            He has won five golf competitions in three
            months, a year after being at death 's door.
            You can say that someone comes back
            from death's door when they have recovered
            thorn a very serious illness.
            The patient has been brought back from
            death's door by the radical treatment say his

            doctors.

            a death blow

            4

            To deal a death blow to a process, situa
            tion, or organization means to cause it to
            come to an end.
            This could deal a death blow to the collapsing
            national economy.
            They warned that the deportations would be
            a death blow to the Middle East peace process.

            dice with death
            If someone is dicing with death, they are
            taking risks that endanger their life. This expression
            is used in British English.
            In the daily routine of their toil, fishermen
            are constantly dicing with death.
            I dice with death almost every night crossing
            the road outside Maidstone Barracks station.

            tight to the death
            44
            If someone fights to the death to achieve
            something or keep hold of something, they try
            very hard to achieve it or keep hold of it. and

            they will not give up easily.
            I have been teaching home economics for 18
            years and I will fight to the death to keep my

            place in the curriculum
            What drove them was a corporate culture
            that made them fight to the death for their
            firms, just as warriors of old did for their warlords.
            You can also talk about a fight to the
            death
            Jimmy White now faces a fight to the death
            to reach the quarterfinals of the Embassy
            World Snooker Championship.

            like death wanned up
            like death warmed over
            If you say that someone looks like death
            warmed up or like death warmed over, you
            mean that they look very ill, pale, and tired.


                evince -p 117 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            death
            'Like death warmed up' is used in British
            English and 'like death warmed over' is used
            in American English.
            You were looking like death warmed up, but
            you seem a lot better now.
            He dragged in just after the funeral, sneezing
            and sniffing and looking like death warmed

            over.

            like grim death
            If you hold onto something like grim death,
            you hold onto it very tightly. This expression
            is used mainly in British English.
            I clung to the chain like grim death.

            a living death

            4

            If someone's life is described as a living
            death, their quality of life is very poor indeed,
            for example because they are ill and unlikely
                to recover.
            For nearly four years he has lain in a coma,
            sustained by a feeding tube but trapped in
            what one doctor described as a 'living death'.
            Tens of thousands of workers, party officials,

            intellectuals, and students had been arrested
            and either shot or sentenced to a living death
            in the hell of the Siberian labor camps.

            sign someone's death warrant
            sign your own death warrant
            44
            If one person signs another's death warrant,
            the first causes the second's ruin or
            death.
            The summit in Moscow this week virtually
            signed the organisation's death warrant.
            It was not too extreme to say that to identify
            her might even be tantamount to signing her
            death warrant
            If someone signs their own death warrant,
            they behave in a way which brings
            about their own ruin or death.
            The president persuaded Congress to sign its
            own death warrant by agreeing to a referen
            dum.
            The day that he accused the King of murder
            was the day he signed his own death warrant,
            and he knew it.
            A death warrant is used in many other
            structures with a similar meaning.
            The plan is seen by all sides as a death warrant
            for the Bosnian state.
            His signal had been innocuous enough, but it
            would become his death warrant as soon as
            Pemberton was interrogated.

            to death

            444

            You can use to death after adjectives such
            as ‘scared', 'worried', and 'bored' to empha
            size that someone is very frightened, very
            worried, or very bored.
            7 am worried to death,' she wrote her husband.
            ‘Even if something is wrong, why don't

            L.

            decks

            98

            you let me know? I'd always rather know than
            worry.'

            She may have been scared to death he would
            leave her.
            I've been bored to death since I left the army
            You can also say, for example, that something
            scares or bores you to death.
            One woman described how she woke up in the
            morning and the hotel she was staying in was
            empty, which scared her to death.
            Meetings bored me to death, legal cases,
            things that went on and on.
            If you say that you love someone to death,
            you are emphasizing that you love them very

            much.
            He loves me to death and l feel the same way.

            deck
            all hands on deck
            If a situation requires all hands on deck,
            it requires everyone to work hard to achieve
            an aim or carry out a task. This expression is
            used mainly in British English.
            The agency was given less than three weeks
            to put together the launch of radical plans to
            shake up Scottish football. It was all hands on
            deck, but it was a good test of our ability, and
            proved we could handle such a large project.

            hit the deck
            If someone or something hits the deck, they
            suddenly fall to the ground.
            'We'll have to get a doctor!' I hit the deck
            yowling. My hands were wrapped round my
            knees.
            Instead of pulling up, the plane seemed to go
            faster and faster before it hit the deck.

            not play with a full deck
            play with a loaded deck
            play with a stacked deck
            If someone is not playing with a full deck,
            they are not being completely honest in a contest
            or negotiation, and therefore have an unfair
            advantage over other people. Compare
            stack the deck, see stack.
            This guy is either very good or he's not playing
            with a full deck.
            D You can also say that they are playing
            with a loaded deck or are playing with a
            stacked deck to mean the same.
            Canadian trade officials say Washington is
            playing the free trade game with a stacked
            deck.

            decks
            clear the decks
            44
            clear the deck
            If someone clears the decks, they make
            sure that everything that they have been doing
            is completely finished, so that they a1*


                evince -p 118 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            deep
            ready to start a more important task. You can
            also say that they clear the deck
            The British commanders had wanted to clear
            the decks for possible large-scale military op

            erations.

            Clear the decks before you think of taking on
            any more responsibilities.
            The Chancellor has cleared the deck for an
            early entry into the Exchange Rale Mechanism
            of the European Monetary System.

            deep
            run deep
            444
            go deep
            If you say that something such as a feeling,
            emotion, or problem runs deep or goes deep,
            you mean that it is very serious or strong, often
            because it has existed for a long time.
            My allegiance to Kendall and his company

            ran deep.
            Hatred of the army runs deep, and most here
            have come to side with the rebels.
            His anger and anguish clearly went deep.

            degree
            give someone the third degree
            If someone, especially a policeman or person
            in authority, gives you the third degree.
            they ask you a lot of questions in an aggressive
            manner in order to make you confess to
            something.
            He gives me the third degree and wants me to
            account for where all the money is.
            Surely, she thought, they were supposed to
            read you your rights before they gave you the
            third degree.

            dent
            make a dent in something

            put a dent in something
            444
            If you make a dent in something or put a
            dent in it, you reduce its amount or level.
            The savings from these cuts make only a
            small dent in the federal deficit.
            The average family in Britain spends £100 a
            week on food, which makes a big dent in the

            household budget.

            I hated to put any dents in his
            but l was trying to be realistic.

            enthusiasm,

            department
            h°t your department

            depths

            99

            “e your department
            If you say that a task or area of knowledge
            ls not your department, you mean that you
            are not responsible for it or do not know
            much about it.
            The political issues are something else, but
            'hat's not really my department

            'If you identify him. then what?' 'Not my department.
            '
            D If you say that something is your department,
            you mean that you are responsible for
            it or that you know a lot about it.
            'So what do we do with him?' Admiral
            Polaski asked. ‘That gentlemen, is our department.
            ' Rintner said
            Bill spoke expertly. This had been his department
            depth

            out of your depth

            444

            If you are out of your depth, you feel anxious
            and inadequate because you have to deal
            with a situation or subject which you know
            very little about.
            You may feel out of your depth on an honours
            degree course, in which case a change to a
            diploma course may be a good idea
            Faced with the latest in medical high-tech, the
            baffled prince admitted being out of his depth
            Lewis, who struggled for 90 embarrassing
            minutes, hopelessly out of his depth, managed
            to come up with the most honest assessment
            'We just didn't play that well.'

            -

            depths
            plumb the depths: 1
            4
            If you say that someone's behaviour plumbs
            the depths, you mean that it is extremely
            bad.
            ‘This crime plumbs the very depths of the
            abyss into which it is possible for the human
            spirit to sink, ' the judge said.
            Critics and the public both expected Ken
            Russell, the director of ‘Princess Ida', to plumb
            new depths of tastelessness

            plumb the depths: 2
            4
            If you plumb the depths of something you
            find out everything you can about it, including
            things that are normally secret or hidden.
            He doesn't plumb the depths of a text in the
            way of his contemporaries Deborah Warner
            and Declan Donnellan.
            When Weddington does see friends, she is
            mere likely to discuss politics than to plumb
            the depths of her own soul.
            plumb the depths: 3
            If someone plumbs the depths of an unpleasant
            or difficult situation, they experience
            it to an extreme degree.
            They frequently plumb the depths of loneliness.
            humiliation and despair.
            The banks' popularity is plumbing new
            depths.


                evince -p 119 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            deserts
            deserts
            44
            just deserts
            If you say that someone has got their just
            deserts, you mean that they deserve the unpleasant
            things that have happened to them,
            because they did something bad.
            Some people felt sympathy for the humbled
            superstar. Others felt she was getting the just
            deserts of an actress with a reputation for be
            ing difficult.
            Many in Australia's business world were
            stunned, but others said the man who once
            headed a £4 billion empire had received his
            just deserts.

            The noun 'deserts' is related to the verb
            'deserve', and it is pronounced with stress on
            its second syllable. Some people use the word
            ‘desserts' instead of ‘deserts' in this expression,
            but it is generally considered incorrect.

            designs
            4
            have designs on something: 1
            If someone has designs on something, they
            want it and are planning to get it, sometimes
            in a dishonest way.
            When asked how long US troops will remain
            in Iraq itself, the Secretary of State said the
            United States has no designs on Iraqi territory.
            They are particularly worried that the Italian
            Mafia has designs on the island.

            have designs on someone: 2
            If one person has designs on

            another, the
            first person wants to have a sexual relationship
            with the second, although the second person
            is not interested, or is already involved
            with someone else.
            He had been demoted from sergeant to private
            because, so it was said, his colonel had had designs
            on his wife and she had spurned him

            devices
            left to your own devices

            devil

            100

            444

            If someone is left to their own devices,
            they are left to do what they want, or to look
            after themselves without any help.
            If left to my own devices, I would eat a chocolate
            dessert every night.
            After tea we were left to our own devices, so
            we decided to take a walk in the neighbouring
            village.
            The millions of Americans who do not have
            health insurance are often left to their own devices
            when they become ill.

            devil
            better the devil you know
            better the devil you know than the
            devil you don't

            If you say ‘better the devil you know', you

            mean that you would rather deal with someone
            you already know, even if you do not like
            them, than deal with someone that you know

            nothing about, because they may be even
            worse. This expression is used mainly in British
            English.
            People concluded that he had improved his
            electoral chances as a result of the speech. And
            one told me this reflected the old adage, 'Better
            the devil you know. ' His challenger remains an
            unknown quantity.
            This expression comes from the proverb

            better the devil you know than the devil
            you don't.
            It is becoming clearer to them that he is no
            angel; but better the devil you know than the
            devil you don't know.

            between the devil and the deep blue

            sea

            If you are between the devil and the deep
            blue sea, you are in a difficult situation
            where the two possible courses of action or
            choices that you can take are equally bad.
            This expression is used mainly in British
            English.
            Now exactly what do we really want? You see
            we are between the devil and the deep blue sea
            on this issue and people just do not know ex
            actly what to do.
            I wouldn't contemplate getting on a bus without
            something to read, to the point, once, of
            spending my bus fare on a second hand book,
            preferring the devil of hitchhiking to the deep
            blue sea of enduring half on hour bookless.

            a devil of a job
            the devil's own job

            4

            If you say that you had a devil of a job doing
            something, or that you had the devil's
            own job to do it, you are emphasizing that it
            was difficult to do it.
            We got there just in time, but we had a devil
            of a job finding you in that place.
            I had to literally drag him out of there. I had
            a devil of a job to get him to the van and home
            for a hot bath as he could barely move, much
            less talk.
            Michael was having the devil's own job to
            make himself heard next to the roadworks outside
            the Berkeley Square headquarters.

            the devil take the hindmost
            every man for himself and the devil
            take the hindmost
            If someone says ‘the devil take the hindmost',
            they mean that you should protect
            your own interests or safety without considering
            anyone else's interests. This is an oldfashioned expression.

            Just get your laughs any way you can and
            the devil take the hindmost
            O This expression comes from the saying


                evince -p 120 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            diamond
            every man for himself and the devil take
            the hindmost.
            We do not believe in the theory of every one
            for himself and the devil take the hindmost.

            speak of the devil
            talk of the devil

            People say ‘speak of the devil' or ‘talk of
            the devil' if someone they have just been
            talking about arrives unexpectedly. This exp-. ess ion is used in spoken English.
            ‘Speak of the devil, ' she greeted him. smiling.
            ‘Well, talk of the devil.' Duncan had wandered
            up from the beach in red wellies and a
            dtrffel coat.

            diamond
            a rough diamond: 1
            4
            a diamond in the rough
            If you refer to someone, especially a man, as
            .1 rough diamond, you like and admire them
            because of the good qualities they have, even
            though they are not very sophisticated or
            well-mannered. This form of the expression is
            used mainly in British English; in American
            English, the usual form is a diamond in the
            rough

            Marden was the rough diamond of the three,
            feared for his sardonic ruthlessness but respect
            ed for his First World War Military Cross.
            ‘The character I'd like to have met,' Stanley
            Marric said, ‘was Arthur Crook. I could really
            identify with a rough-diamond kind of lawyer
            like him.'
            I liked Neil Murphy, who is somewhat of a
            diamond in the rough.
            a rough diamond: 2

            a diamond in the rough

            If you refer to someone or something as
            rough diamond, you mean that they have

            a
            a
            lot of talent or potential which needs hard
            work before it can be revealed. This form of
            the expression is used mainly in British English;
            in American English, the usual form is a
            diamond in the rough.
            British first novels are more likely to be
            rough

            diamonds, with flashes of inspiration in

            on imperfect whole.

            When l heard this lady sing, I said ‘Oh. my
            goodness ' So l ran to the theater, and I said,
            I found myself a diamond in the

            you

            are in a situation where everything
            work to your disadvantage so that
            are unlikely ever to have success, you

            to
            fÿe,r>s
            you

            n say that the dice are loaded

            Vou.

            sometimes the institutions of Britain, seemingly
            dedicated to ensuring equality, like the law, are
            the very citadels of racism.
            I had emerged unscathed from skirmishes
            where others had lost their lives, and had survived
            that night on the mountain when all the
            dice were loaded against me.

            no dice: 1
            If you are trying to achieve something and
            you say there's no dice, you mean that you
            are having no luck or success with it.
            / tried calling her and I tried one or two of
            her old friends in Hampstead, which is where 1
            originally met her at a party of Geoffrey's, but
            there was no dice.
            I spent part of that time calling everyone I
            knew to see tf t could find another job for him.
            No dice.

            no dice: 2
            If someone asks you for something and you
            reply ‘no dice*, you are refusing to do what
            they ask.
            Nope, sorry, we're not interested, no dice.

            die
            the die is cast
            If you say that the die is cast, you mean
            that you have made an important decision
            about the future and that it is impossible to
            change it, even if things go wrong
            Therese is regarded by them as having been
            singled out by God. The die is cast for her: she
            goes off to a convent and stays there for 20
            years.
            The die was cast and James was now part of
            the Hollywood drug scene.

            dime
            a dime a dozen

            4

            If you say that things or people are a dime
            a dozen, you mean that there are a lot of
            them, and so they are not especially valuable
            or interesting. This expression is used mainly
            in American English; the usual British expression
            is two a penny.
            Writers are a dime a dozen, a new one will
            be easy enough to find.
            Films about primitive people are a dime a
            dozen right now.

            dinner

            dice
            *°ad the dice against someone
            ,

            dinner

            101

            against

            r>le dice are loaded against black people and

            done like a dinner
            If you are done like a dinner in a contest
            or competitive situation, your opponents de
            feat you completely, often in an unfair way.
            This expression is used mainly in Australian
            English.

            Aviation consultant Peter Harbison said US
            carriers had virtual carte blanche to fly in and


                evince -p 121 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            dinners
            out of Tokyo as they pleased. 'The Japanese get
            done like a dinner, ‘ Mr Harbison said.

            dinners
            do something more than someone has
            had hot dinners
            If you say that you have done something

            more than someone has had hot dinners,
            you are emphasizing that you have done it a
            great number of times. This expression is
            used in British English.
            Bowe's trainer Eddie Futch, who's probably
            seen more fights than even most men of his age
            have had hot dinners, expects it to be one of
            the best he's been involved with.
            Robin and Lizzie Hamer of First Ascent activity
            holidays have climbed more mountains than
            you and I have had hot dinners.

            dirt
            dig up dirt
            dig for dirt
            dig the dirt
            -4-4
            If you say that one person is digging up
            dirt on another, you mean that the first is
            trying to find out something that may cause
            harm to the second. You can also say that
            someone is digging for dirt, or, in British
            English, that they are digging the dirt.
            They hired a detective firm to dig up dirt on
            their rival.
            Scoop-hungry reporters have done everything
            from going through trash cans digging for dirt
            on celebrities to paying prostitutes to lure Mem
            bers of Parliament into compromising positions.
            You can describe this activity as dirtdigging

            In the

            movie,

            a dirt-digging reporter is
            attorney and sen
            framed by a corrupt district
            tenced for manslaughter.
            dish the dirt

            dirty

            102

            4

            If you say that one person dishes the dirt
            on another, you disapprove of the way that
            the first person spreads stories about the sec
            ond, especially when they say things that may
            embarrass or upset that person, or damage
            their reputation.
            Many politicians who maintain that their private
            lives are their own, are not above dishing
            the dirt on a fellow politician, if it suits their
            own political or personal purposes.
            In his autobiography Life Is Too Short, the
            singer, dancer, comedian, and actor holds nothing
            back. He dishes the dirt on his buddies and
            smudges his own shoes with admissions of
            womanising, gambling, and drugs.
            People sometimes describe this activity as
            dirt-dishing.
            Some publishers believe that by speaking out

            as he did, he has pushed up the potential value
            of any dirt-dishing memoirs he cares to write.
            do someone dirt
            do the dirt on someone
            If someone has done you dirt or has done
            the dirt on you, they have betrayed you or
            treated you very badly. This expression is
            used in American English; the British expression
            is do the dirty on someone
            They tell me you have done me dirt Tell me
            it ain't true.
            There is an unofficial biography out of Nancy
            Reagan which is doing the dirt on her all over
            the place

            dirty
            do the dirty on someone
            If someone has done the dirty on you, they

            have betrayed you or treated you very badly.
            You can also just say that they have done
            the dirty. These expressions are used in British
            English; the American expression is do
            someone dirt.
            There are plenty of people only too ready to
            make use of a situation like this to do the dirty
            on somebody they don t like.
            Apparently, Scott and the rest had been wanting
            to sack Joey since 1988. They even knew
            they wanted John as a replacement. It was
            only misplaced loyalty that prevented them
            from doing the dirty there and then.
            wash your dirty linen in public
            air your dirty laundry in public
            44
            do your dirty washing in public
            If you say that someone is washing their
            dirty linen in public or is washing their
            dirty laundry in public, you are criticizing
            them for talking about unpleasant or personal
            matters in front of other people, when you
            consider that such things should be kept private.
            These forms of the expression are used
            mainly in British English; in American English.
            the usual forms are air your dirty linen
            in public or air your dirty laundry in public.
            We shouldn't wash our dirty laundry in public
            and if I was in his position. I'd say nothing
            at all.
            Public mud slinging reflects no credit on
            sport. It brings football into disrepute, and
            washing dirty linen in public does nothing for

            the game.
            It looks much more like the action of a bitter.
            lonely and selfish woman who thinks she can
            score points by airing the family's dirty hnen
            in public.
            In British English, you can also say
            someone is doing their dirty washing 10

            th*j

            public
            We don t want any

            more to come out in


                evince -p 122 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            distance
            He. We want to slop doing our dirty washing
            in public.
            There are many other variations of this expression.
            For example, you can leave out 'in
            public' or 'dirty'.
            In Spain, it seems, airing dirty linen is considered
            more serious than any offence itself
            He fell that my brother had embarrassed
            him, because he felt that my brother has
            washed that linen in public
            You can also just talk about dirty linen or
            dirty laundry
            We know much more than we ever did before
            about the doings of Congressmen. So, we're seeing
            more dirty laundry.
            It is certainly a huge disadvantage of being
            famous that everyone wants to see your dirty
            linen.

            distance
            go the distance
            go the full distance

            44

            If you go the distance or go the full distance,
            you complete what you are doing and
            reach your goal.
            He wasn't supposed to be able to go the dis
            lance, you know, but in the end, he won the
            12th round.
            She's unlike anyone else, and has really
            worked her way up from someone who was
            kind of an ingenue to someone who is a true
            movie star. Geena Davis will go the distance in
            the nineties.

            within spitting distance: 1
            4
            If someone or something is within spitting
            distance of a place, they are very close to it.
            Most of the world's biggest financial firms
            are already established within spitting distance

            of the Bank of England.

            Logan Airport is built out into the bay. within
            spitting distance of Boston's thoroughly
            fetching skyline.
            People sometimes vary this expression.
            Kim and Thurston Moore live in an apart
            ment block fashionably situated in the middle
            of Manhattan, with Broadway only spitting
            distance away.

            within spitting distance: 2
            If someone or something is within spitting
            distance of an amount, level, or goal, they
            are very close to achieving it
            Its share of world trade was within spitting
            distance of Britain's.
            Economic recovery was not what

            Wilson

            got the
            government back to within spitting dis
            hince of success.

            'v*thin striking distance:1
            If

            someone or

            distance

            divide

            103

            44

            something is within striking
            of a place, they are very close to it

            The cinema is within striking distance of am
            pie car parking and gleaming new shops and

            restaurants.
            Ironbridge is well signposted from the motor
            way and within easy striking distance of both
            Birmingham and Manchester.

            within striking distance: 2
            4
            If someone or something is within striking
            distance of an amount, level, or goal, they
            are very close to achieving it.
            We are surprised that we seem to be within
            striking distance of achieving 100 per cent of

            our objectives.

            He is in striking distance of victory in the

            first round vote

            distraction
            drive someone to distraction
            If you say that something or someone
            drives you to distraction, you mean that
            they annoy you a great deal
            Nothing I said or did would get them to tidy
            up. It drove me to distraction
            His obsessive attention to detail drove to distraction
            the artists and workers with whom he

            collaborated.

            ditch
            444
            last ditch
            You can describe an action as a last ditch
            attempt or effort to do something when every

            thing else has failed and this action is the
            only way left of avoiding disaster, although it
            too seems likely to fail.
            The President has been making a last ditch
            attempt to prevent the rebels taking over the
            city.

            Republican critics dismiss the report as a last
            ditch effort to justify on investigation that last
            ed nearly six years.
            Knowing that power could be slipping from
            his grasp, Mr Major made a desperate lastditch appeal to voters.

            divide
            divide and conquer
            44
            divide and rule
            If someone in power follows a policy of di
            vide and conquer or divide and rule, they
            stay in power by making sure that the people
            under their control quarrel among themselves
            and so cannot unite to achieve their aims and
            overthrow their leader. ‘Divide and rule' is
            used only in British English.
            The same principle of divide and conquer
            that the Roman Empire used so effectively was
            applied once again by Yugoslavia's occupiers
            in 1941.
            Trade unions are concerned that management


                evince -p 123 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            dividends
            may be tempted into a policy of divide and rule
            by cultural divisions.
            Part of the ruling class's divide and rule policy
            is promoting barriers between sexes, races.
            sexualities, nations.
            When someone is following one of these
            policies, you can say that they are dividing
            and conquering or dividing and ruling.
            The Summit sends a very strong message to
            him that he's not going to divide and conquer.

            dividends
            pay dividends

            dog

            104

            444

            If something pays dividends, it brings advantages
            at a later date.
            Taking time out to get fit is time well spent
            and will pay you dividends in the long run.
            Martin went out of his way to lavish attention
            on Mrs. Eaton, a move which later paid
            big dividends.

            Dixie
            whistle Dixie
            If you say that you are not whistling Dixie
            or are not just whistling Dixie, you mean
            that you are being honest or realistic in what
            you are saying and you should not be ignored.
            This expression is used mainly in
            American English
            ‘Is that a threat?' Tm not just whistling
            Dixie.'
            I don't think anyone left the meeting whis
            tling Dixie. It gave credence to the declaration
            that Friday's market debacle was an abnormal
            condition, and not a disaster.

            doctor
            just what the doctor ordered
            4
            If you say that something is just what the
            doctor ordered, you mean that it is extremely
            pleasant or useful, and that it helps to
            make you feel better or to improve a situation.
            His creative power is what we need for games
            like this. He is just what the doctor ordered.
            ‘Meatballs in tomato sauce!' Max exclaimed
            happily. ‘Just what the doctor ordered. '
            Sometimes people replace ‘doctor' with a
            word or expression that is more relevant to
            the subject they are talking about.
            Another football match would appear to be
            just what the bank manager ordered Only last
            October Brighton made £100,000 from their visit
            to Old Trqfford

            dog
            die like a dog
            If someone dies like a dog, they die in a
            painfiil and undignified way, usually after

            they have been shot or Injured in a violent
            fight. This is an old-fashioned expression.
            The film begins with our chic hero stealing
            cars and ends with him dying like a dog in the

            street.

            a dog and pony show
            If you refer to an event as a dog and pony
            show, you mean that it is very showy because
            it has been organized in order to impress
            someone. This expression is used mainly
            in American English.
            I'm bombarding him and the others with
            charts, graphs, facts, and figures. The boss responds
            by dozing off during most of our dog
            and pony show.
            The first step in Florida, as in most states, is
            the governor's office applying for a share of
            federal grant money. If. months later, the money
            is granted, stale agencies spend more
            months putting on 'dog and pony shows' in
            hopes of getting a share.

            dog-eat-dog
            4
            You use dog-eat-dog to describe a situation
            in which everyone wants to succeed and is
            willing to harm other people or to use dishonest
            methods in order to do this.
            In the 1992 campaign, he said that if it was
            going to be ‘dog eat dog' he would do anything
            it took to get himself re-elected.
            The TV business today is a dog-eat-dog busi
            ness.
            dog-in-the-manger
            If you say that someone has a dog-ln-the
            manger attitude, you are criticizing them for
            selfishly wanting to prevent other people from
            using or enjoying something that they cannot
            use or enjoy themselves.
            I think there'll be a certain group of intransigent
            Republicans who'll lake a dog-in themanger kind of attitude and try to frustrate
            anything the president wants to achieve.
            The council has an ambivalent attitude to the
            Carnival. On the one hand it has a high regard
            for its tourist benefits, but on the other it
            does not want it to have too high a profile. It's
            a dog-in-the-manger attitude which has taken
            the fun out of a great event

            a dog's breakfast
            a dog's dinner

            4

            If you refer to a situation, event, or piece of
            work as a dog's breakfast or a dog's dinner,
            you mean that it is chaotic, badly organized.
            or very untidy. These expressions are used in

            British English.
            The act created what many admitted was an
            over-complex but inadequate system. One senior
            regulator described it as a dog's breakfast
            Now she's having to watch as those whom
            she grew up with in politics are in Cabinet and
            making a dog's breakfast of it

            J


                evince -p 124 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            doghouse
            The whole place was a bit of a dog's dinner,
            really.
            every dog has its day
            If you say ‘every dog has its day', you
            mean that everyone will be successful or
            lucky at some time in their life. This expression
            is sometimes used to encourage someone
            at a time when they are not having any suc
            cess or luck.

            Former England player Davies said: 'Every
            I kicked
            throughout the game, who would have thought
            that drop goal would even reach the posts?'
            7 don't have any money to fight him. These
            people are alt the time in court, anyway.'
            Cecchini says. 'But every dog has its day and I
            have lots of patience. '
            it's a dog's life
            People say ‘it's a dog's life' when they are
            complaining that their job or situation is undog
            has his day, although the way

            pleasant or boring.
            It's a dog's life being a football manager.

            you can't teach an old dog new tricks
            If you say ‘you can't teach an old dog new
            tricks', you mean that it is often difficult to
            get people to try new ways of doing things, especially
            if these people have been doing something
                in a particular way for a long time.
            It is a convenient myth that a person cannot
            change their personality. Or as the saying goes:
            'You can't teach an old dog new tricks'.
            This expression is often varied. For example,
            if you say ‘you can teach an old dog
            new tricks', you mean that it is possible to
            get people to try new ways of doing something.
            Our work shows that you can teach an old
            dog new tricks.
            An old dog can learn new tricks if he has
            both the will and the opportunity.

            doghouse
            in the doghouse
            -4
            If you are in the doghouse, people are very
            annoyed with you because of something you

            have done.
            Insurance companies are already in the doghouse
            over poor advice on pensions which has
            left hundreds of thousands of people worse off
            Four Caribbean prime ministers have landed
            themselves in the dog house after failing to
            turn up to a top-level meeting at the White

            House.
            dogs

            call off the dogs
            If you tell someone to call off the dogs or

            to call off their dogs, you are telling them to
            st°p challenging, attacking, or damaging you
            °r another person.

            doldrums

            105

            Lenders will be ordered to call off the dogs.
            especially for families struggling to pay their
            mortgage through unemployment
            I'm hoping Mr Lewis will either take a look
            at these judgments and say enough is enough
            and call off his dogs, or he will at least explain
            to us what the hell is going on.

            go to the dogs
            If you say that a country, organization, or
            business is going to the dogs, you mean that
            it is becoming less powerful, efficient, or successful
            than it has been in the past.
            In the 1960s the country was fast going to the
            dogs.

            Television, we warned, would go to the dogs
            under the Government's crazy franchising sys
            tern.
            let sleeping dogs lie
            •4
            a sleeping dog
            If someone tells you to let sleeping dogs
            lie, they are warning you not to disturb or
            interfere with a situation, because you are
            likely to cause trouble and problems.
            Mr. Dambar had been wondering if he
            should come right out and ask his wife when
            Henry was planning to leave. But this interruption
            gave him time to reconsider. Perhaps it
            was better to let sleeping dogs lie.
            Why does she come over here stirring everything
            up? Why can ‘t she let sleeping dogs lie?
            You can refer to a situation that it would
            be better not to disturb as a sleeping dog
            The crux of the film is that his inquisitive
            son, by arousing the sleeping dog of the past,
            finds himself in danger.
            Since the election, it has suited ministers to
            treat local government finance as the sleeping
            dog of British politics.
            throw someone to the dogs
            If someone throws you to the dogs, they allow
            you to be criticized severely or treated
            roughly, for example in order to protect themselves
            from criticism or harm, or because
            they no longer need you.
            In all honesty he will trick you, cheat you,
            use you, drop you, throw you to the dogs, provided
            the security of France dictates it.
            He told the judges he felt abandoned by his
            former commanders and that he had been, as
            he put it, thrown to the dogs.

            doldrums
            -444
            in the doldrums:1
            If an economy or business is in the doldrums,
            nothing new is happening and it is
            not doing very well.
            After months in the doldrums, the lira

            strengthened.

            The restaurant business, like many other
            businesses, is in the doldrums


                evince -p 125 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            dollar
            Property prices remain in the doldrums with
            rental a better option in the short term for people
            seeking a home.

            in the doldrums: 2
            If someone is in the

            doldrums, they are
            very depressed and inactive.
            After what feels like a long time out in the
            doldrums of depression. I am now, at the age
            Of 27, just learning how to overcome my weak
            nesses and build on my strengths.

            4
            out of the doldrums:1
            If an economy or business comes out of the

            doldrums, it improves and becomes stronger
            after a period of inactivity.
            Still, today 's estimate and several other post
            live economic reports in recent days provide
            hope the economy may finally be coming out of
            the doldrums.
            We were hoping that the housing market was,
            in fact, going to come out of the doldrums that
            it's been in for the last few years.

            out of the doldrums: 2
            If someone comes out of the doldrums.
            they stop being depressed and feel happier
            With her humour and upbeat spirit, Jane got
            me right out of the doldrums I'd been in for

            three years.

            dollar
            bet your bottom dollar
            If you say that you bet your bottom dollar
            that something will happen or is true, you are
            emphasizing that you are absolutely certain
            that it will happen or that it is true.
            American designer Donna Karan may not be
            as internationally famous yet as her compatri
            ots Calvin Klein and Ralph Lauren, but you
            can bet your bottom dollar that it won't be
            long before she is.
            He's not ahead of us on this road, and I can't
            see him behind us. He hasn t passed us and we
            haven't passed him, but I'd bet my bottom dol
            lar he's around somewhere.
            4
            the 64,000 dollar question
            If you describe a question as the 64,000 dollar
            question, you mean that it is very important
            but very difficult to answer. You can also
            use other large amounts instead of '64.000' to
            mean the same thing.
            Why should /, young, healthy and female.

            suddenly lose my hair? The sixty-four thousand
            dollar question remained unanswered
            They asked the million-dollar question: ‘So
            what makes a good marriage ”' Faithfulness
            comes out top of the list on that.
            The billion-dollar question is: how much are
            those benefits worth?

            done

            106

            dollars
            dollars to doughnuts
            If you say that it is dollars to doughnuts
            that something will happen, you are emphasizing
            that you are certain it will happen.
            This expression is used mainly in American
            English.

            It's dollars to doughnuts that the bank

            future will charge more for its services.

            of the

            Well, I'll bet you, Alex, almost dollars to donuts
            that I'll wake up at 3am, as I do every

            morning now.
            'Doughnuts' is sometimes spelled 'donuts'
            in informal American English.

            look a million dollars
            feel like a million dollars

            4

            If someone looks a million dollars, they
            look extremely attractive and well-dressed. If
            someone feels like a million dollars, they
            feel very healthy and happy.
            She looked a million dollars when she got off
            the plane.
            Casual trousers, comfortable shoes, immaculate
            hair. He looks a million dollars.
            After all my injury problems I now feel a million
            dollars.
            It was the most relaxed I've felt in ages. I felt
            like a million dollars

            domino
            a domino effect

            44

            If one event causes another similar event,
            which in turn causes a further event, and so
            on, you can refer to this as a domino effect
            But f the Slovenes won independence, what
            about Slovakia. Moldavia, the Basques, a host
            of other people across Europe? Many feared a
            domino effect creating instability.
            We have seen how bad the housing problem
            can become. Unused houses deteriorate rapidly,
            affecting the value of nearby homes; in a domino
            effect, the entire neighborhood can easily

            fall victim.
            done
            done and dusted
            If you say that something is done and dusted,
            you mean that it is finished or decided
            and there is nothing more to be said or done
            about it. This expression is used mainly in
            British and Australian English.
            ‘The deal is done and dusted,' Dorahy told
            The Sunday Mail. ‘It's a matter of Wigan coming
            to an arrangement with the Broncos and
            Chris will be here full-time at the end of

            season in Australia

            '

            ‘It's all done and dusted There is nothing
            that remains to he said about what has happened.
            ' he said


                evince -p 126 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            donkey
            donkey
            4
            donkey's years
            If you say that something lasts or has been
            happening for donkey's years, you are emphasizing
            that it lasts or has been happening
            for a very long time This expression is used

            in British English.

            /'re been a vegetarian for donkey's years
            He owns some old iron mines that haven't
            been used in donkey's years.
            4
            do the donkey work
            If someone does the donkey work, they do
            all the most physically tiring or boring parts
            of a job or piece of work. This expression is
            used in British English.
            Send for Andy Graham, get him to do the
            donkey work, tell him to search that roof and
            the one next door to it for any cartridge cases.
            The bottom lot, and l was one of the bottom
            lot. were the engine corps who did the sheer
            physical donkey work.
            We've been very fortunate getting a succession
            of secretaries who've managed to do the donkey
            work.

            door
            as one door closes, another one opens
            If you say ‘as one door closes, another

            one opens', you mean that if one thing you
            do fails, you will soon have an opportunity to

            try to succeed at something else. This expres
            sion is often used to encourage someone to
            keep trying after they have had a disappointment
            or failure.
            Earlier in the week, Roberts was philosophi
            cal after losing his job. 'Obviously, I am a lit
            tie disappointed,' he explained, 'Rut one door
            closes and another one opens. You can't dwell
            on these things and I will just put my head
            down and work a bit harder. '
            beat a path to someone's door
            4
            If people are beating a path to your door,
            they are eager to talk to you or do business
            with you.
            Gone are the days when the man who made a
            better mousetrap than his neighbour could expect
            the world to beat a path to his door,
            Business leaders should be heating a path to
            Mr Eggar's door demanding that tough environmental
            laws be passed.
            Eashion editors now beat a path to Mugler 's
            door and thousands of followers flock to get
            into one of his events.
            kv the back door

            •trough the back door
            444
            11 someone gets or does something by the
            hack door or through the back door, they

            it secretly and unofficially. This expression
            used mainly in British English.
            f*e said the government would not allow any
            ls

            door

            107

            one to sneak in by the back door and seize
            power by force.
            There will be no more increases for top offi
            cials through the back door.
            Back door can be used before a noun.
            David Hinchliffe. for Labour, accused the
            Government of introducing a back door method
            of closing council homes

            close the stable door after the horse
            has bolted
            close the barn door after the horse has
            gone
            4
            In British English, if you say that an action

            is like closing the stable door after the
            horse has bolted, you mean that it is too late
            to take this action now. because the problem
            which it would have prevented has already
            occurred. This expression is often varied. For
            example, you can use other verbs with similar
            meanings to 'close' and 'bolt', and you can
            use 'door' instead of 'stable door'
            It is nice to see Severn Trent taking positive
            action, even though it might took like closing
            the stable door after the horse has bolted
            Ever heard of shutting the stable door after
            the horse has run away?
            At best, say critics, this strategy is like shut
            ting the door after the horse has bolted.
            Q In American English, you say that an ac
            tion is like closing the barn door after the
            horse has gone. This expression can also be
            varied.
            This all has the feeling of closing the barn
            door after the horse has gone.
            Like the guy who closes the bam door after
            the proverbial horse has run off. / suddenly became
            very diet conscious.

            knock at your door
            come knocking at your door
            If something such as a problem or opportunity
            is knocking at your door or comes
            knocking at your door, it is likely to happen
            soon or is starting to happen.
            During these tough economic times, feeling
            the spirit of happiness can be difficult, especial
            ly when the recession has come knocking at
            your door.
            All cf his life he had been hankering after his
            personal freedom, and now freedom was knock
            ing at his door, begging him to come in.

            knock on the door

            4

            If someone is knocking on the door of a
            club or group, they are trying to join it or become
            part of it.
            They are two players Em sure will be knocking
            on the England door soon
            Until recently women were knocking cm the
            door of a man 's world asking to be let in


                evince -p 127 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            door
            -44
            lay something at someone's door
            If you lay something at someone's door,
            you blame them for something unpleasant
            that has happened.
            The Morning Star has no doubt about who is
            responsible for the riot Its editorial says the
            blame must be laid at the door of the govern

            merit.

            The robberies were now laid at Brady's door

            not darken somewhere's door
            never darken someone's door
            If someone never goes to a place, you can
            say that they do not darken its door If
            someone tells you never to darken their
            door again, they are ordering you never to
            visit them again because you have done something
            to make them very angry or upset You
            can use ‘doorstep' instead of ‘door'. This is an
            old-fashioned expression.
            He had not darkened the door of a church for
            a long time
            The law firm told them to destroy all dossiers
            and never darken their doorstep again.
            push at an open door
            If you say that someone is pushing at an
            open door or is pushing against an open
            door, you mean that they are finding it very
            easy to achieve their aims. These expressions
            are used in British English
            ‘Most departments were helpful, ' she says, 'although
            enthusiasm was a bit muted in a few
            cases. In the main we now seem to be pushing
            at an open door. '
            There is not much effort required, when you
            are pushing against an open door
            4
            the revolving door: 1
            If you talk about the revolving door of an
            organization or institution, you are referring
            to the fact that the people working in it do
            not stay there for very long, and so. for example,
            it is difficult for anything effective to be
            achieved.
            The revolving door at Wests has only just
            stopped spinning. A huge turnover of players is
            usually not the ideal basis for success.
            For the next 25 years, Caramoo had a revolving
            door of executives.
            O You can also use revolving-door before a

            noun.

            High spending in the ‘80s by Italy's
            revolving-door governments swelled the public
            sector debt

            the revolving door: 2

            dos

            108

            4

            In politics, the revolving door is used to
            refer to a situation in which someone moves
            from an influential position in government to
            a position in a private company, especially
            where this may give them an unfair ad van
            tage. Sometimes this expression is used to refer
            to a situation where someone moves from

            the private sector to government, and then
            back again.
            Mr Smith also spoke of the revolving door for
            senior civil servants getting jobs in industry
            connected with their former department.
            Bill Clinton ran a campaign that included
            a strong pledge to stop the revolving door
            between public service and the private
            sector.

            the revolving door: 3
            You can use the revolving door to refer to
            a situation where solutions to problems only
            last for a short time, and then the same problems
            occur again.
            East Palo Alto juveniles, like others nationwide,
            are caught in the revolving door of the
            justice system, ending up back on the streets after
            serving time, faced with their old life.
            D You can also use revolving-door before a

            noun.

            This is the revolving-door syndrome no
            home, no job, no money; hence crime, increasing
            isolation from society, imprisonment, hence
            no home on release, and back again to prison

            doors
            behind closed doors

            444

            If people have talks or discussions behind
            closed doors, they have them in private because
            they want them to be kept secret This
            expression is used mainly in journalism.
            The summer I was fourteen and Rita was
            twelve, our parents started having long talks
            behind closed doors. They'd had a few arguments
            before, but this was different.
            While there are many examples of decisions
            being publicly discussed, there are many other
            examples of the old approach, with decisions
            taken in secret behind closed doors
            Behind closed-doors can be used before a

            noun.
            Political analysis say that the three factions
            have been mulling over the idea in a series of
            beh ind closed-doors meetings
            His name was reportedly mentioned in relation
            to arms during a behind-closed-doors court

            case.

            dos
            the dos and don'ts

            44

            The dos and don'ts of a particular situation
            are the things you should and should not do
            in that situation
            Disasters can be avoided if a few general dos
            and don 'ts are considered
            Mills and Boon produces a detailed booklet
            and cassette tape full of dos and don 'ts for as
            pirtng authors, stressing that the heroine
            should be lovable, and the hero charismatic.


                evince -p 128 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            dot
            and their relationship must always have a
            happy ending.

            dot
            a
            If you do something on the dot, you do it
            punctually or at exactly the time you are supÿ
            posed to.
            At nine o'clock on the dot, they have break

            on

            the dot

            fast.

            He arrived right on the dot, as Brian had expected.
            I sat on the front steps to wait for her, figuring
            that if she was anything like her father,
            she'd arrive on the dot of ten.

            since the year dot
            from the year dot
            If you say that something has been the way
            it is since the year dot or from the year
            dot, you mean it has been like that for a very
            long time. This expression is used in British
            English.

            Most of these folks have been here since the
            year dot.
            The two bedroomed apartment had been lived
            and worked in since the year dot by a psychiatrist,
            his wife, their two sons and the grandparents.

            double
            at the double
            on the double

            a
            If you do something at the double or on
            the double, you do it very quickly or immediately.
            ‘At the double' is used only in British
            English.
            At his desk across the town, Michael reached
            for the internal phone. 'Jill? My office, please,
            at the double. ‘
            He said there was a report of a prowler at
            this address. I knew it was your place so I
            came over on the double.

            down
            down and dirty: 1
            If you describe a person or their behaviour

            as down and dirty, you mean that they behave
            in an unfair or dishonest way in order

            to gain an advantage. This expression is used
            mainly in American English.
            If the president gets deep down and dirty, the
            Governor will give as good as he gets.
            Did this campaign get down and dirty?
            D You can also talk about a down and dirty

            Person or act.
            This isn't a guy who teaches comparative lit
            Lr

            down

            109

            down and dirty: 2
            Journalists sometimes refer to a performer
            or their performance as down and dirty
            when they like them because they are bold,
            direct, and perhaps vulgar. This expression is
            used mainly in American English.
            Get down and dirty with Sandra Bernhard
            who comes to Britain with her one-woman
            show, Giving Till II Hurts.
            People like Adam and his dad turned me onto
            the real down-anddirty stuff like Otis Clay,
            William Bell and Albert King.

            down and out:1

            aaa

            If you describe someone as down and out,
            you mean that they have nowhere to live,
            usually have no job, and have no real hope of
            improving their situation.
            Having been down and out himself, Vem
            Barry has insights into others who are down
            and out, and he's helped many get started and

            then move on to permanent jobs.
            I know what it is to be down and out. One
            time back in the thirties, I was working in
            New York and I didn 't have enough to rent a

            room.
            You can refer to a person in this situation
            as a down-and-out
            In the glow of the side lights, he looked unshaven,
            shabby, a down-and-out.
            There are hundreds of down and outs living
            just a few yards from his palace.
            a
            down and out: 2
            In a competition or contest, if someone is
            down and out, they have been beaten, or
            they are losing and have no hope of winning.
            I am sending you clippings from which you
            will see that Ted appears to be down and out
            as candidate for governor
            Leicester had looked down and out when they
            trailed 12-3 with only 12 minutes left12 You can say that someone is down but not
            out when they are losing but still have some
            hope of winning.
            Rangers manager Walter Smith last night declared
            his side down but not out of the European
            Cup after their defeat by AEK in Athens.
            The Democrats are down, but not out.

            down-at-heel
            down-at-the-heels
            A down-at-heel or down-at-the-heels per
            son or place looks uncared for and untidy.
            ‘Down-at-heel' is used mainly in British English
            and ‘down-at-the heels' is used mainly in
            American English.
            The flight to Kathmandu is always full of
            scruffy, down-at-heel people like Hyde.
            He had two rooms above a down-at-heel shop
            that sold electrical appliances
            When l was a down-at the-heels private eye, I
            couldn't afford to eat here.


                evince -p 129 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            drag
            down the drain: 1

            down the tubes
            down the pan

            -4-4-4

            If you say that something is going down the
            drain, you mean that it is getting worse or
            being destroyed and that it is unlikely to recover.
            You can also say that something is going
            down the tubes or down the pan. Words
            such as 'plughole', 'tube', and 'toilet' are
            sometimes used instead of 'drain', ‘tubes', or
            ‘pan'.
            They were forced to do something, because
            they were aware that their public image was
            rapidly going down the drain.
            Small businesses are going down the drain
            because of the failed economic policies of this
            Government.
            People don ‘t like to see marriages going down
            the tubes.
            down the drain: 2

            down the tubes
            down the pan

            drawer

            110

            444

            If you say that your money, work, or time
            has gone down the drain, you mean that it
            has been lost or wasted. You can also say that
            it has gone down the tubes or down the
            pan Words such as 'plughole', ‘tube', and 'toilet'
            are sometimes used instead of ‘drain',
            'tubes', or 'pan'.
            Over the years, the government has poured
            billions of dollars down the drain propping up
            its national airlines and other firms.
            You have ruined everything - my perfect
            plans, my great organization. All those years
            of work are down the drain.
            Millions have gone down the plughole after
            the finance director decided to deposit a hefty
            chunk of the station's cash with a dubious
            bank.

            have a down on someone
            have a downer on someone
            If you have a down on someone or some
            thing or you have a downer on them, you do
            not like them or you disapprove of them.
            These expressions are used in British English.
            Snobs would have a down on a man with a
            south London accent.
            His fans manage to persuade him to return
            for an encore, at which point he starts mumbling
                incoherently about how the people reading
                a magazine at the front of the stage must
            realty have a downer on him.

            drag
            drag someone through the mud
            4
            If you say that someone Is dragged
            through the mud, you mean that they are accused
            of behaving in an immoral or unacceptable
            way. This expression has several variations.
            For example, you can also say that

            someone's reputation or name is dragged
            through the mud. Nouns such as 'mire',
            'dirt', or 'filth' can be used instead of ‘mud'.
            One doesn't like to see an admired institution
            dragged through the mud like this.
            He was furious when he heard what I'd done.
            Accused me of betrayal, of wanting to drag
            Guy's name through the mud.
            ‘Can't you give us a name. Dr Denny?' "Why
            drag someone else into the dirt?'

            drag your feet
            drag your heels
            444
            If you say that someone is dragging their
            feet or dragging their heels on something,
            you are criticizing them for deliberately delaying
            making a decision about something
            that is important to you.
            But there's been more substantial criticism of
            the United States for dragging its feet on measures
            to protect the environment.
            The tobacco companies have always dragged
            their feet on health issues.
            A spokesman strongly denied that the Government
            was dragging its heels on the issue.

            drain
            laugh like a drain
            If you say that someone laughs like a
            drain, you mean that they laugh noisily and
            vigorously. This expression is used in British
            English.
            I read my tattered copies of P.G. Wodehouse
            and laughed like a drain.
            We glanced across at each other and I saw he
            was laughing like a drain!

            drawer
            the top drawer: 1

            44

            If you describe someone or something as
            from or out of the top drawer, you mean
            that they are among the best of their kind.
            This expression is used mainly in British
            English.

            Horton insisted last night that money is no

            object, with quality being the priority. ‘The
            player / am looking for will be right out of the
            top drawer. '
            The Grange Hotel may be top drawer, but it's
            not pretentious.
            Castleford produced a performance right out
            of the top drawer to thrash Wigan 33-2.

            You can use top drawer before a noun to
            say that someone or something is of a very
            high quality.
            The dramatisation is wonderfully inventive
            and superbly played by a topdrawer cast including
            Maria Ailken and Tim Piggot Smith
            Gooch described his team's fightback as 'a
            top drawer performance'.


                evince -p 130 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            dream
            the top drawer: 2
            If you describe someone as from or out of
            the top drawer, you mean that they are from

            a privileged social background. This expression
            is used mainly in British English.
            His companion came from right out of the top
            drawer of the Irish landed gentry, had been
            schooled in England and had held the Queen's
            commission in the exclusive Guards' Division.
            how
            Some attenders this year seemed
            should one say it - not exactly out of the top
            drawer

            -

            dream
            a dream ticket

            44

            If two people Eire considered a dream ticket.
            they are expected to work well together
            and have a great deal of success. This expression
            is ususilly used to refer to people who are
            well known, for example politicians or actors.
            It is used mainly in British journalism.
            The move raised the prospect of a ‘dream
            ticket' of Tony Blair as leader and John
            Prescott as his deputy.
            It should have been Hollywood's dream ticket:
            husband and wife Tom Cruise and Nicole
            Kidman starring together in a romantic block
            busier movie.

            like a dream

            44

            If you do something like a dream, you do it
            very well. If something happens like a
            dream, it happens successfully and without
            any problems.
            She had noticed, from across the dance floor,
            that he danced like a dream.
            Wilson, an eminent American biologist who
            has done more than anyone else to popularise
            the notion of biodiversity, writes like a dream.
            The first stages of installation worked like a
            dream. Then the procedure threw up an error
            message.

            dreams
            beyond your wildest dreams

            44

            If you describe something such as an

            achievement or some good news as beyond
            your wildest dreams, you Eire emphasizing
            that it is better than you could have imagined
            or hoped for.
            We succeeded beyond our wildest dreams of
            focusing both governments on the issue.
            It was an incredible effort. The response of
            viewers was beyond our wildest dreams The

            money just kept pouring in.
            hever in your wildest dreams
            not in your wildest dreams

            dressed

            in

            4

            If you say that never in your wildest
            dreams or not in your wildest dreams could
            Vou imagine a particular thing, you are em
            phasizing that you think it is extremely
            strange or unlikely.
            We were told we could expect a substantial
            win but never in my wildest dreams could I
            have thought it would be more than £1 million.
            Not even in our wildest dreams did we think
            we would sell every seat for the entire season
            I never in my wildest dreams believed I
            would have to apologize for. or be required to
            justify, my bank's business ethics.

            the person of your dreams
            the thing of your dreams
            444
            If you refer to someone or something as the
            person or thing of your dreams, you mean
            that you prefer them to all others.
            Maybe, just maybe, the man of your dreams
            will walk through that door and into your life
            tonight.

            It was in Tunisia that one day they saw the
            house of their dreams, the most beautiful dwell
            ing imaginable.
            In this chapter you 'll learn the inside secrets
            of landing the job of your dreams.

            dressed
            all dressed up with nowhere to go
            If you say that someone or something

            is all
            dressed up with nowhere to go. you mean
            that Edthough they are prepared for some
            thing, they do not have the opportunity to do

            It

            There must remain the suspicion that the Labour
            leadership is still stuck in the position of
            being all dressed up with nowhere to go
            If funding dries up. the opera houses will be
            all dressed up, but with nowhere to go
            This expression is very vsiriable For exam
            pie, you can say that someone or something is
            all dressed up with no place to go or all
            dressed up and nowhere to go
            She sal there, not knowing what to do with
            herself. ‘I'm all dressed up, ‘ she thought, ‘with
            no place to go. '
            With her expensive watch, silk scarf and
            cashmere sweater. Nuria seems an apt symbol
            for Andorra: all dressed up but unsure where
            to go next.

            dressed to kill

            4

            If you describe someone, especially a woman,
            as dressed to kill, you mean that they
            are wearing very smart or glamorous clothes
            which are intended to attract attention and
            impress people.

            We're all familiar with the images the gor
            geous. pouting model, dressed to kill, with cigarette
            dangling from kissable lips.
            She watched his plane come into Mascot airport,
            dressed to kill, her hand shielding her
            eyes.


                evince -p 131 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            drop
            drop

            at the drop of a hat

            44

            If you do something at the drop of a hat,
            you do it willingly and without hesitation.
            This expression is often used to suggest that
            someone does not think carefully enough
            about their actions.
            Part of the answer is having more people
            sorting out their own minor problems and not
            calling the police at the drop of a hat.
            There is a myth that we are a uniquely
            uncaring generation, shoving our old folk into
            institutions at the drop cf a hat.

            a drop in the ocean
            a drop in the bucket

            44

            If you say that something, especially an
            amount of money, is a drop in the ocean or
            a drop in the bucket, you mean that it is
            very small in comparison with the amount
            which is needed or expected, so that its effect
            is insignificant. ‘A drop in the bucket' is used
            mainly in American English.
            The size of the grants have been attacked by
            welfare groups as merely a drop in the ocean.
            For West Germany, the Albanian refugees are
            a drop in the ocean compared to the three thou
            sand East Germans who used to arrive here
            every day.
            It's a tax on what's considered unhealthy
            habits, like cigarettes and alcohol, but unfortu
            nately it wouldn't raise a lot cf money. It
            would be a drop in the bucket, realty.

            drum
            bang the drum

            beat the drum

            duck

            112

            I heard he was drunk as a coot last night
            and got into a big fight at Toby's.

            dry
            dry as a bone
            If you say that something is as dry as a
            bone, you are emphasizing that it is very dry.
            By the end cf June the pond is as dry as a
            bone.
            People also use the much more frequent ad
            jective bone-dry to mean the same thing.
            Firefighters battled blazes on Sunday that
            have ravaged more than 200.000 acres of bonedry brushland and forests.
            His throat was bone dry.
            dry as dust: 1
            If you say that something is dry as dust.
            you are emphasizing that it is very dry.
            The hard-packed dirt of the floor was smooth
            and solid as cement, and the stone walls were
            dry as dust and hadn't been disturbed in a
            century.

            The cold front now was again producing
            intermittent snow, flurries of small, feathery
            flakes which seemed as cold and dry as dust
            dry as dust: 2
            If you describe something as dry as dust,
            you mean that it is very dull and uninteresting

            When you see the law in action, you realise
            how exciting it can be and what a buzz it gives
            people. It's so different from the dry-asdust
            stuff u* study at college
            It is not. however, dry as dust history, but an
            enthralling story full cf insight and incident

            4

            If you bang the drum or beat the drum for
            something or someone, you support them
            strongly and publicly.
            The trade secretary disagreed but promised to
            *bang the drum for industry'.
            If the French want to beat the drum on behalf
            of French culture, good luck to them.
            You can say who or what is being support
            ed by putting an adjective or noun before
            'drum'.
            Some in the media have been beating the en
            vironmental drums for a while.

            drunk
            drunk as a skunk
            If you say that someone is as drunk as a
            skunk, you are emphasizing that they are
            very drunk. Nouns such as 'lord' or 'coot' are
            sometimes used instead of 'skunk'.
            I'm sorry, honey I put you through all this.
            It was my fault. / was drunk as a skunk.
            She was drunk as a lord for seventeen days.
            She could do nothing.

            duck
            a dead duck

            4

            If you refer to someone or something as a
            dead duck, you mean that they are a failure.
            The government is a dead duck: and the Supreme
            National Council does not have the
            means to govern
            Chelsea Harbour is known to be something cf
            a dead duck. People have failed to move there
            in the quantities expected, shops have closed.

            flats and penthouses are still empty
            a lame duck: 1

            44

            If you refer to a politician or a government
            as a lame duck, you mean that they have lit
            tie real power, for example because their period
            of office is coming to an end.
            The credibility cf both government and par
            liament is at a low ebb The government is
            headed by a president who loots like a lame
            duck.
            He said in this transitional period the last
            thing people needed was to feel that the government
            was a lame duck


                evince -p 132 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            ducks
            You can also use lame duck before a noun.

            If he loses it's hard to see how he can ever re
            gain his authority. He's already seen widely as
            a lame duck Prime Minister.
            He could have lost so much political impetus
            that he would have found himself leading a
            lame-duck administration to nearcertain de
            feat
            44
            a lame duck: 2
            If you say that someone or something is a
            lame duck, you are criticizing them for being
            in a very weak position and in need of sup

            port

            Rover intends to complete the transformation
            from the lame duck of the motor industry into
            a quality car maker with a series of ‘high im
            age' models.
            'Moira's hardly going to regard you as a
            lame duck.' 'Moira considers all single people
            lame ducks. '
            P You can also use lame duck before a noun.
            It is not proper to use British taxpayers' mon
            ey to support lame-duck industries.
            4
            a sitting duck
            If you refer to someone as a sitting duck,
            you mean that they are an obvious target, and
            that it is very easy to attack them or criticize

            them.
            If the Chinese authorities were on to me. I
            was a sitting duck at the airport.
            A pilot performing this manoeuvre might
            keep his opponent in his sights but would be a
            sitting duck for a second enemy aircraft.
            O You can also use sitting-duck before a

            noun.

            labour is going to field another sitting-duck
            candidate for the forthcoming by-election The
            Labour leadership must acknowledge the fact
            that the party has to stop wasting time and
            money fighting parliamentary seats it is never
            going to win.
            take to something like a duck to

            water

            dummy

            113

            4

            If you take to something like a duck to
            water, you discover that you are naturally
            good at it and find it very easy to do.
            Some mothers take to breastfeeding like a
            duck to water, while others find they need some
            help to get started.
            Cilbey decided that farming wasn't for him.
            ond moved up to London, where he became a
            salesman for BMW. He took to it like a duck to
            water, quickly becoming Car Salesman of the

            Year.

            ducks
            8et your ducks in a row
            . ,f you say that someone has got their ducks
            in a row. you mean they have got everything
            Properly organized and under control. This

            expression is used mainly in American Eng
            lish.
            There is going to always be some disarray
            when you have a Republican While House and
            a Democratic Congress, but they do seem to
            have some trouble getting their ducks in a row
            play ducks and drakes with someone
            If you accuse someone of playing ducks
            and drakes with people, you are accusing
            them of treating those people badly, by being
            dishonest with them or not taking them seri
            ously. This expression is used in British Eng
            lish.
            You are talking about the poorest and most
            disadvantaged people in the country To play
            ducks and drakes with their service is repre

            hensible.
            He accepted the ceasefire conditions, but since
            then has been playing ducks and drakes with
            the United Nations.

            dudgeon
            in high dudgeon

            4

            If you say that someone is in high dudgeon,
            you are criticizing them for being unrea
            sonably angry or annoyed about something
            This is a literary expression
            She had left in high dudgeon after learning
            that the only perk was free coffee.
            Washington businesses are in high dudgeon
            over the plan, especially the requirement that
            small businesses should insure their workers.

            dull
            dull as ditchwater
            dull as dishwater
            If you say that someone or something is as
            dull as ditchwater or as dull as dishwater.
            you are emphasizing that they are very bor
            mg

            Angus Wilson is a dull writer and that's a

            fact. Dull as ditchwater

            Sherry has an image of being os dull as
            ditchwater but the reality is that it's a subtle
            and stylish drink.

            dummy
            spit the dummy
            spit out the dummy
            If you accuse someone of spitting the dum
            my or spitting out the dummy, you are ac
            cusing them of behaving in a bad tempered
            and childish way This expression is used
            mainly in Australian English
            He spat the dummy when his wife decided to
            go back to work.
            They are taking the money but not talking to
            us If they want to spit out the dummy, that's
            their affair.


                evince -p 133 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            dumps
            dumps

            down in the dumps: 1
            4
            in the dumps
            If you are down in the dumps or in the
            dumps, you feel depressed.

            Try to be sources of support for each other
            when one of you is feeling down in the dumps.
            Tommy has been a bit down in the dumps
            and he needs a change.
            1 was in the dumps when I met Jayne. I was
            self-destructive. I was drinking. And I was
            clearly not living the kind of life I should live.

            in the dumps: 2
            down in the dumps
            If a business or economy is in the dumps
            or down in the dumps, it is doing badly.
            With their economy in the dumps and the
            Americans demanding access to their markets.
            the Japanese want more decisive government.
            California's economy is unlikely to stay in the
            dumps for more than two years, which gives
            the Governor plenty of time to take credit for
            the recovery.

            dust
            bite the dust: 1
            If you say that something bites the dust,
            you mean that it fails or ceases to exist.
            With the news that milk chocolate can help
            cut cholesterol, yet another healthy eating fad
            bites the dust.
            There are over 4,000 such restaurants in and
            around London. Some make big money. Most
            break even, and quite a few have bitten the
            dust.

            bite the dust: 2
            If you say that someone has bitten the
            dust, you mean that they have died. This expression
            is used to refer to someone's death
            in a light-hearted or humorous way.
            A Wild IVest showman nearly bit the dust
            when he blew himself up making blank bullets
            in his garden shed.

            the dust settles
            the dust clears

            Dutch

            114

            444

            If you say that the dust has settled in a
            situation, you mean that it has become calmer
            and steadier after a series of confusing or
            chaotic events. You can also say that the dust
            has cleared.
            Now that the dust has settled, it is clear that
            nothing much has changed.
            / think we need to let the dust settle and see
            what's going to happen after that before we
            can get a really clear picture of what the pros
            pects are.
            When the dust cleared from Tuesday's election.
            Washington state found itself leading the

            nation in the number
            executive positions.

            of women elected to state

            eat someone's dust
            In a competitive situation, if you are eating
            someone's dust, they are doing much better
            than you.
            Aladdin has proved to be the most successful
            animated film of all time, leaving blockbusters
            like Home Alone 2 eating its dust.

            gather dust
            44
            If something such as a project or problem
            gathers dust, it is not dealt with for a very
            long time.

            A report written in 1951, which has been
            gathering dust on a shelf at the Institution of
            Civil Engineers in London, advocates a number
            of the building projects.
            Certainly the government's cuts in the budget
            suggest that the fate of the report will be to
            gather dust rather than to animate policy.

            not see someone for dust
            If you say that you can't see someone for

            dust, you mean that they have left somewhere
            very quickly and run away. This expression
            is used in British English.
            Come the dawn. 1 couldn1 see him for dust.

            shake the dust of somewhere from
            your feet
            If you shake the dust of a place or situation
            from your feet, you leave it with the intention
            that you will never return to it. This
            expression is used in British English.
            The Princess can never be free until she can
            shake the dust of Kensington Palace from her

            feet

            He insisted that the bank shake the dust
            third-world debt from Us feet.

            of

            dusty
            a dusty answer
            a dusty reply
            If you ask or suggest something and you get
            a dusty answer or a dusty reply, you get a
            sharp and unpleasant response, for example a
            rejection of what you have asked for. These
            expressions are used in British English.
            Plans to allow children into pubs received a
            dusty answer at the bar.
            Her accusations after she came fourth that
            two of the three medal-winners had taken
            drugs have brought some dusty replies from
            her rivals.

            Dutch
            go Dutch

            a Dutch treat
            If two or more people go Dutch,

            they share
            the cost of the bill for something such as


                evince -p 134 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            Dutch

            ear

            115

            meal or an evening out. This is a fairly oldfashioned expression.
            We went Dutch on a cheap Chinese in

            in Dutch
            If you are in Dutch, you are in trouble.
            This is a fairly old-fashioned expression.
            which is used in American English.
            Maybe he was in Dutch again and this time
            they offered him the chance of paying his debt
            by chasing me out of town.
            Doug wants to gel Manatelli in Dutch with
            his boss.

            Shaftesbury Avenue.
            Many women are happy to go Dutch with a
            boyfriend on the first date.
            O You can also say that you have a Dutch treat.
            He wanted to pay the bill, but I objected and

            new

            we settled on Dutch treat.

            E
            eagle

            an eagle eye: 1

            was concerned.
            4

            If you say that someone is keeping an eagle
            eye on a person or thing, you mean that they
            are watching that person or thing very carefully.
            Managers cf Europe's top clubs are keeping
            an eagle eye on the World Championships hop
            ing to snap up new talent.
            Phil's played first-class cricket for five years
            in England under the eagle eye of our umpires.
            You must watch the builders with an eagle
            eye because some will cheat the minute you
            turn your back.

            an eagle eye: 2
            You can say that someone has an

            eagle eye
            when they are very good at finding or noticing
            things.
            No antiques shop, market or junk shop escapes
            her eagle eye.
            Mr Gould went to his hotel room, wrote a let
            ter to Mr Smith, and came down to the foyer to
            post it. A few eagle eyes had seen the envelope:
            the word inevitably reached Mr Smith.

            ear
            bend someone's ear

            4

            If you say that someone is bending your
            ear. you mean that they keep talking to you
            about something, often in an annoying way.
            He was fed up with people bending his ear
            about staying on at school or what he should
            do afterwards. He wanted to think it out him

            self.

            You can't go on bending everyone's ear with
            this problem.
            Ro in one ear and out the other
            If you say that something goes in one ear
            and out the other, you mean that someone
            Pays no attention to it, or forgets about it immediately.
            I'd said it so many times before that it just
            tuent in one ear and out the other as far as he

            The words went in one ear and out the other
            They hardly registered.

            grin from ear to ear
            smile from ear to ear

            44

            If you say that someone is grinning from
            ear to ear. you are emphasizing that they
            look very happy. Verbs such as ‘smile' and
            ‘beam' can be used instead of ‘grin'.
            Brimming with confidence and grinning from
            ear to ear. China's leaders celebrated last night
            the end of the Asian Games, an event that has
            been as much a political as a sporting triumph.
            McCarthy was beaming from ear to ear His
            eyes were aglow. He absolutely radiated
            warmth and pride.
            D You can also say that someone has a grin

            from ear to ear or a smile from ear to ear.
            / hadn't smiled so much in years. I had this
            grin from ear to ear.
            You can use ear-to-ear before nouns such
            as ‘grin' and ‘smile'.
            All around him were more ear to-ear grins
            than l have seen before.

            half an ear

            4

            If you listen to someone or something with
            half an ear, you do not give your full attention
            to them.
            She is listening to the news cf the siege with

            half an ear.

            Shikanai worked harder than any other
            Japanese businessman to persuade the Western
            world that Japan was a mature and cultured
            nation whose views demanded serious atten
            lion. If the West gave him only half an ear
            most cf the time, it was not for want of effort
            on his part.
            4
            have an ear for something
            If you have an ear for something, such as
            music or language, you have the ability to

            learn quickly how it works or is structured,


                evince -p 135 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            ear
            by listening to the various sounds and being able
            to reproduce them. Compare have a tin ear for
            something; see tin.
            Allison has a great ear for dialogue and a remarkable
            ability to draw the readers into the
            tensions and conflicts of an intense and diverse
            family.
            He had an ear for languages, which he enjoyed.
            and by this time he spoke five fluently.
            -4
            have someone's ear
            If you have the ear of someone in a position
            of power, they pay great attention to

            what you think and say, and often follow your
            opinion on important issues
            He has been one of Italy's most influential figures,
            a man who is said to have had the ear of
            any Italian prime minister.
            He has the President's ear, and it seems that
            his main sway may be over international envi
            ronmental policy.

            keep your ear to the ground
            4
            have your ear to the ground
            If you keep your ear to the ground, you
            make sure that you find out about the things
            that people are doing or saying. You can also
            say that you have your ear to the ground
            These expressions are used mainly in British
            English.

            Watch and learn. While you do this, keep
            your ear to the ground. Know who is coming,
            who is going: a new vacancy could be an opportunity
            for you.
            / have a company which deals in arms. In
            that business, we have our ear very close to the
            ground.
            Our man on the inside, with his ears to the
            ground around the clubs and venues of London.
            gives readers a sneak preview cf some of
            the up and coming talent on the rock circuit.

            lend an ear to someone

            4

            If you lend an ear to someone or their
            problems, you listen to them carefully and
            sympathetically. Adjectives such as ‘sympa
            thetic'. ‘attentive', and ‘serious- are often used
            in front of ‘ear'.
            They are always willing to lend an ear and
            offer what advice they can.
            Proposals for preventing the next wages spiral
            before it starts are being studied by Labour
            - and are being lent a sympathetic ear in
            Downing Street, loo.

            out on your ear

            ears

            116

            4

            If you are out on your ear. you have been
            suddenly told to leave or dismissed from a
            course, job, or group. This is an informal expression.

            I'd failed the first year exam in the History
            of Art. I had to pass the re-sit or I'd be out on
            my ear.
            We never objected. Well, we couldn't, could

            we? We'd have been out on our ears looking for
            another job if we had
            play it by ear
            4
            If you play it by ear, you deal with things
            as they happen, rather than following a plan

            or previous arrangement.

            'Where will we stay in Gloucestershire?' ‘Oh. I
            guess a bed-and-breakfast place. We'll have to
            play it by ear.'
            I can't give her the conclusions she wants. I
            don t know what will happen next. I'm playing
            it by ear.
            ‘They could turn up tomorrow morning,
            couldn't they.' 'Well, we'll just have to play
            that one by ear as well. '

            turn a deaf ear to something
            4
            If you turn a deaf ear to something such as
            a request or argument, you refuse to consider
            it and do not pay any attention to it.
            The Mayor of Paris, owner of two dogs, has
            long turned a deaf ear to Parisians who want
            tougher laws to protect the cleanliness of their
            pavements
            At the top are a bunch of people who have no
            idea what the real world is about, and when
            you try to tell them they turn a deaf ear.

            ears
            be all ears

            4

            If you are all ears, you are ready and eager
            to listen to what someone is saying.
            He is in the perfect position to speak out constructively
            to his audience, and certainly, this
            one was all ears
            ‘That's a large question, if not necessarily
            good. May I answer it frankly?' 'I'm all ears.'
            4
            between your ears
            If you say that someone has got nothing between
            their ears, you mean that they are stu
            pid. If you say that someone has got a lot
            between their ears, you mean that they are

            intelligent. This expression is used in many
            other structures. It is usually used light
            heartedly.
            Some writers go to public school, then to Oxford
            or Cambridge, and end up in publishing
            or television and that's their life. It's a very
            class-limited existence; you end up with nothing
            between your ears.
            He may be quick with his feel, but he is even
            quicker between the ears.
            Haven't the people who run the banks anything
            between the ears besides dollar signs?

            fall on deaf ears

            444

            If something you say to someone falls on
            deaf ears, they take no notice of what you
            have said.
            The charity suggests that if the human rights
            situation does not improve, foreign aid should


                evince -p 136 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            ears
            be suspended. Bui privately, they admit that
            this appeal is likely to fall on deaf ears.
            The mayor spoke privately to Gibson yesterday
            and asked him to resign, but said that his
            plea fell on deaf ears.
            have something coming out of your

            ears

            4

            If you say that you have something coming
            out of your ears, you are emphasizing that
            you have a great amount of it. often so much
            that you do not want any more.
            1 absolutely despise football. I've had football
            coming out of my ears. Everyone who wants to
            talk to me is talking about football. I can't get
            away from it.
            Champagne is coming out of everybody's ears,
            the market is over supplied.
            I ate so much baked aubergine with ham,
            cheese, and tomatoes it almost came out of my

            ears.

            have steam coming out of your ears
            If you have steam coming out of your
            ears, you are very angry or irritated about
            something.
            Not that Labour's front benchers quite see it
            that way; indeed, steam comes out of their ears
            at the suggestion.

            pin back your ears: 1
            If you pin back your ears, you listen carefully
            to what someone is saying. This is an
            old-fashioned expression, which is used in
            British English.
            Right, pin back your ears and listen.
            The men ate a hearty breakfast while they
            discussed the dead man Mrs Mason listened
            with both ears pinned hack, but kept busy at
            her stove and sink.
            pin someone's ears back: 2
            If you pin someone's ears back, you tell
            them off for having done something wrong
            This expression is used in American English.
            Charles Drake of the Child Support Collection
            Association doesn 't shy away from contacting a
            grandparent. ‘Oh. absolutely. If the absent parent
            fails to cooperate, that's one of the first
            places I'm going to go to. I've had some grand
            parents pin their 40-year-old son 's ears back.'

            Pin back your ears: 3
            In sport, if someone pins back their ears,
            they run very quickly in an attempt to score
            and help their team win. This expression is
            used mainly in British English.
            The Newport back division dropped the ball
            30 metres out and Hughes pinned back his ears
            ond raced to the line

            Prick up your ears
            4
            If someone pricks up their ears, they start
            listening eagerly, because they suddenly hear

            an interesting sound or piece of

            earth

            117

            information.

            She stopped talking to prick up her ears and Kenworthy had heard the same sound.
            Ears pricked up this week when Jesse Jackson, who four years ago won more votes as a
            candidate for the White House than any black
            politician in US history, sent a clear signal
            that he would run again next year.

            someone's ears are burning
            If you have a conversation about someone
            who is not present and then you meet them.
            you can ask them if their ears were burning
            in order to let them know that you were talk
            ing about them.
            He decided to give Chris a call as promised
            "Dave! Talk about coincidence! Were your ears
            burning?' 'No, why?' 7 was just wondering if l
            could justify getting in touch with you '
            Pamela said 'He's been in my mind in recent
            weeks.' 7 must ask him if his ears have been
            burning,' the man said. 'I'm sure he'd be flat
            tered. '

            up to your ears

            4

            If you say that you are up to your ears in
            work or in an unpleasant situation, you mean
            that you are very busy with it or are deeply
            involved in it.
            'Why don't you come with me? It will do you
            good to get away from all this boring stuff for
            an evening. ' He looked down at his desk and
            shook his head 7 can't. I'm up to my ears in
            reports. '
            He told her openly he had only married her
            for her money. It seems he is in debt up to the

            ears.
            4
            wet behind the ears
            If you say that someone is wet behind the
            ears, you mean that they are new to a situation
            and are therefore inexperienced or naive.
            Hawking was a research student, still wet be
            hind the ears by scientific standards.
            Terry, it turned out. was just out of univer
            sity, well-groomed but amiable, with a shapely

            haircut of medium length that failed to hide
            the fact that he was wet behind the ears
            You can also use wet behind-the ears before
            a noun.
            The song is all about how he felt as a small
            town, wet behind the ears kid coming to LA for
            the first time.

            earth
            come down to earth
            come down to earth with a bump
            bring someone back to earth

            444

            If you come down to earth or are brought
            down to earth, you have to face the reality of
            everyday life after a period of great excite
            ment. You can also say that someone conies
            back to earth or is brought back to earth.
            I was thrilled by the mountains and the


                evince -p 137 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            earth
            snow, by the magically fresh air, and then
            quickly came down to earth and started to
            spend money in the shops.
            Jenny was quickly brought down to earth
            when she tried to claim benefit and was refused
            because she was a married woman.
            When something good does happen, it's important
            that it is celebrated. Next day something
            will happen to bring you back to earth.
            You can say that you have come down to
            earth with a bump or been brought down
            to earth with a bump. Nouns such as ‘bang',
            'thump', and 'thud' can be used instead of
            'bump'.
            She was a household name, swanning around
            in fine clothes and an Italian sports car. She
            thought the whole world would sit up and take
            notice when she came to Britain. She came
            down to earth with a bump.
            Circumstances beyond their control could yet
            bring them down to earth with a bang.

            down to earth

            easy

            118

            444

            If you say that someone is down to earth,
            you approve of them because they are very
            realistic and practical.
            They think she's too glamorous and won't
            want to speak to them. But that's just not
            Michelle at all. She's very friendly and very
            down to earth.
            He is blunt, outspoken, practical and down to
            earth.
            You can use down-to-earth before a noun.
            Everyone liked her down-to-earth approach to

            life

            They came across as natural, down-to-earth
            people, just as they do on TV.

            go to earth
            If you go to earth, you hide from someone
            or something. This expression is used in Brit
            ish English. Go to ground means the same.
            The girl who had supplied the gun and plastic
            explosive device stayed put for a couple of
            weeks before she, too, went to earth.
            promise the earth
            If someone promises the earth, they promise
            to give people things that they cannot in
            fact possibly give them.
            One voter summed up the mood: ‘Politicians
            have lost credibility,' he complained, ‘they
            promise the earth and don t deliver. ‘
            In the past there have been numerous futuristic
            designs of planes and supersonic transports
            that promised the earth but got no further

            than the drawing-board.

            run someone to earth
            If you run someone or something to earth,
            you find them after a long search. This expression
            is used in British English. Run to
            ground means the same.
            I must admit I thought I had run my man to

            for although a great many people live
            there now, there could not be many that would
            match my description.

            earth,

            easier
            easier said than done

            444

            If you say that something is easier said

            than done, you mean that although it sounds
            like a good idea in theory, you think it would
            be difficult to actually do it.
            'If you're not happy with yourself, then
            change. ' Easier said than done. Alex thought.
            The alternative option is to scrap the unwanted
            machines, and use the metal for some other
            purpose. But this, too, is easier said than done.

            easy
            easy as pie
            easy as ABC
            If you say that something is easy as pie or
            easy as ABC, you are emphasizing that it is
            very easy to do.
            Dave could not make head or tail of this, but
            Michael understood at once. 'What is the solution?'
            ‘Why, that's easy as pie,' he said as the
            rest of us scratched our heads.
            With our guide, planning your US fly-drive
            holiday will be as easy as ABC.
            O ABC is pronounced 'a b c', as if you are
            spelling it out.

            easy come, easy go
            People say easy come, easy go to indicate
            that the thing they are talking about, for example
            earning money, does not need a lot of
            effort and is therefore not worth worrying
            about.
            My attitude to money is easy come, easy go.
            That is to say, I earn a lot, but I also give
            quite a lot away in different ways.
            I'm only used to getting a bit of praise from
            the local papers so all this national stuff is a
            big surprise. But I'm easy come, easy go. and it
            doesn 't affect me.
            4
            go easy on someone: 1
            If you tell someone to go easy on another
            person, you are telling them not to punish or
            treat that person severely.
            Go easy on her, Michael. She might be in
            some sort of trouble.
            They had to go easy on him because he was
            only thirteen and it was a first offense on top
            of that.
            4
            go easy on something: 2
            If you tell someone to go easy on something,
            you are warning them not to have or
            use too much of it, because you think that it
            Is bad for them.
            Small meals at regular times are important
            Go easy on the salt Don't add extra sugar.


                evince -p 138 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            119

            More of us than ever are going easy on the

            sun.

            I made a mental note to go easy on the whisbefore
            bedtime!

            ky

            take it easy:1

            take things easy
            If you

            tel)

            444

            someone to take it easy, you are

            telling them to relax and not to worry, hurry,
            anything that needs a lot of energy. In
            British English, you can also tell someone to
            take things easy.
            Take it easy. Bob. I'll explain everything.
            The seven astronauts aboard the space shuttle
            Columbia are taking it easy today, following
            six full days cf medical research.

            or do

            There's about a five mile queue at present so
            take it easy on the roads today.
            She has been advised to take things easy but
            is not thought to have been confined to bed.

            take it easy: 2
            In American English, take it easy is used
            as an informal way of saying 'goodbye'.
            'Thanks. See you later.' 'Take it easy. Don't
            do anything I wouldn't do.'

            ebb
            at a low ebb
            444
            at your lowest ebb
            If someone or something is at a low ebb,
            they are very depressed or unsuccessful. You
            can also say that they are at their lowest

            ebb.
            When 1 have been at a low ebb I have found
            the friendship and Christian love of my fellow
            churchgoers to he a great strength.
            The increasingly bitter division within the
            Conservative Party over Hong Kong comes as
            the party's fortunes are at a low ebb.
            It happened midway through the first summer
            of my suspension, when I was mentally
            and physically at my lowest ebb.

            echo
            cheer someone to the echo
            If someone is cheered to the echo, they are
            loudly applauded for a long time. This is a
            fairly old-fashioned expression, which is used
            in British English.
            Supporters turned out in their thousands to
            watch some cf the best squash played in their
            country. They cheered Jansher's victory to the
            echo.
            They cheered him to the echo, as they did
            every member cf the cast.

            r—
            eclipse
            in eclipse

            eage

            successful and important than it used to be.
            This is a fairly formal expression.
            He'd spent two decades nurtured by a system
            that, even in eclipse, seemed preferable to the
            uncertain alternatives.
            Even when her career was temporarily in
            eclipse she 'had enough money to swing it'.

            edge
            the cutting edge:1

            444

            To be at or on the cutting edge of a particular
            field of activity means to be involved
            in its most important, exciting, or advanced
            developments.
            It is unrealistic for any designer to expect to
            be at the cutting edge of the fashion industry
            for anything longer than 15 years.
            President Clinton unveiled a programme intended
            to keep the United States on the cutting
            edge of change.
            This is hardly the cutting edge of theological
            debate.
            D You can use cutting-edge before a noun referring
            to people or activities that are at the
            cutting edge.
            These were the men and women doing the
            cutting-edge research.
            a cutting edge: 2
            4
            If someone or something gives you a cutting
            edge, they provide you with the ability
            to be more successful than your opponents.
            We need a cutting edge and hopefully they
            can provide it.
            With five goals so far Jurgen Klinsmann has
            given a cutting edge to what has so far looked
            a distinctly blunt German team.
            lose your edge
            44
            If someone or something loses their edge.
            they no longer have all the advantages and
            special skills or talents that they used to
            have.
            When countries lose their competitive edge.
            manufacturing is hit hardest because it is the
            part of the economy most vulnerable to international
            competition.
            Its staff disagrees with criticisms that their
            magazine is out of date or has lost its edge.
            444
            on edge
            If someone is on edge, they are nervous,
            anxious, and unable to relax.
            She was on edge and wouldn't talk about it.
            I've been married and I recognized the signs.
            She was upset and I was the cause.
            Brenda had every right to be on edge. Ever
            since I had left on the Saturday morning, she
            had been bombarded with telephone calls.
            I was pathetic. I was a bit on edge at the
            start but that's no excuse for playing as badly
            as that.


                evince -p 139 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            edges
            on the edge of your seat
            4
            on the edge of your chair
            If something keeps you on the edge of your

            seat, it keeps you very interested and eager
            to know what happens next. In American
            English, you can also say that something
            keeps you on the edge of your chair. You
            use these expressions especially when talking
            about things such as plays, films, or books.
            Based on the Stephen King book, the film has
            great special effects and the kind of story that
            keeps you on the edge of your seat throughout
            Saturday night's final had the spectators on
            the edge of their seats.
            He seemed quite composed, but obviously,
            nervous, kind of sitting on the edge of his chair
            and not knowing what to expect
            You can use edge-of-the-seat before a noun
            to say that the thing you are talking about
            has that effect on people.
            It's a real action-packed edge-of the seat thrill
            er about a cop on the trail of the only man
            who can prove his innocence in a murder rap.

            take the edge off something

            <ÿ4

            If something takes the edge off a situation,
            especially an unpleasant one, it weakens its
            effect, intensity, or unpleasantness.
            My head never seemed to clear completely.
            and the painkillers only took the edge off the
            pain.
            If I don't feel happy, at least I'll pretend to
            be, and maybe that will take the edge off my
            misery.

            edges
            fray at the edges
            4
            If you say that something or someone is
            fraying at the edges or is fraying around
            the edges, you mean that they are becoming
            weaker or less certain or stable, and that they
            are gradually being damaged or destroyed.
            The government's army has begun to fray at
            the edges.
            Married couples whose marriage is getting a
            tittle frayed around the edges go on second
            honeymoons, or move house, or have another
            child, all of which inject some new vigour into
            their joint life.

            rough edges: I
            4
            If you say that a person has rough edges.
            you mean that there are small faults in their
            behaviour towards other people. You use this
            expression when you generally approve of the
            person you are talking about.
            He had the reputation

            himself a little

            eggs

            120

            of sometimes taking
            seriously. Those rough edges

            have long since worn off.
            The school has a reputation for smoothing
            the rough edges of its pupils and no doubt they

            will encourage Harry to assume a sense of hu
            mility.

            You can also talk about a rough-edged per
            son.
            He is demanding and sometimes strident, exactly
            the sort of rough-edged entrepreneur who
            doesn't fit into a bureaucracy such as

            Stanford's.

            rough edges: 2
            If you say that a performance or piece of entertainment
            has rough edges, you mean that
            it is not technically perfect, although you generally
            approve of it.
            The show, despite some rough edges, was an

            instant success.
            Weller's voice may have a few rough edges
            but his fans say that's part of the attraction.
            Kovacic appeared to be one of those players
            for whom all of Mozart's rough edges must be
            smoothed off.
            You can also talk about a rough-edged performer,
            performance, or piece of entertainment.
            She was untutored, rough-edged, but the
            audiences adored her.
            Their rough edged guitar music has become a
            regular fixture on the college circuit.

            egg
            egg on your face
            egg all over your face
            4-4
            If you get egg on your face, you feel embarrassed
            or humiliated by something you have
            done or said. You can also say that you get
            egg all over your face.
            Steve didn't expect to win. He just didn't
            want to get egg on his face.
            Wimpey, which builds up to 10,000 homes in

            a good year, sticks to what its customers want.
            'Try anything new and we run the risk of ending
            up with egg on our face. '
            / started showing off, talking indiscreetly.
            When I asked the host "When does this show
            start?' he said 'When you shut your mouth',
            which got a huge laugh and left me with egg
            all over the face.
            lay an egg
            If something lays an egg, it fails because
            people are not interested in it or do not want
            it. This expression is used in American English.
            Independent studies showed the ad laid an
            egg
            That 5.2 percent drop m revenues was fairly
            modest, considering that the slock market laid
            an egg in the interim.

            eggs
            44
            put all your eggs in one basket
            If you say that someone is putting all their

            A


                evince -p 140 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            eggsneiis
            eggs >n one basket, you are pointing out that
            they are putting all their efforts or resources
            into one course of action and this means that
            they will have no alternatives left if it fails.
            ft was not as though the banks were unaware
            of the dangers of pulling all their eggs in one
            basket. Just a few years before, they had lost
            billions on loans to the Third World.
            Don't pul your eggs in one basket; study hard
            at school and always keep an alternative job in
            mind.
            This expression is often varied.
            How could the BBC have pul so many eggs in
            one basket? Why didn 't they test the show with
            a pilot episode or a limited-run series?
            Countries such as Puerto Rico and Mexico
            have put their development eggs in the tourism
            basket, spending millions of dollars from public
            funds to build the sorts of facilities that foreign
            tourists demand.

            eggshells
            walk on eggshells
            walk on eggs

            4

            If you are walking on eggshells or are
            walking on eggs, you are very careful about
            what you say or do because you do not want
            to upset or offend someone, even though you
            think they are being over sensitive. The verb
            'tread' is sometimes used instead of 'walk'.
            Healthy or sick, good days or bad. I felt I
            was always walking on eggshells around him.
            Mike says, ‘Living with you is like treading
            on eggs, ' and I believe that living with someone
            like me must put an enormous strain on any
            second loving husband of a once battered wife.

            elbow
            elbow grease

            element

            121

            4

            You can use elbow grease to refer to the
            energy and strength you need for doing physical
            work such as cleaning or polishing something.
            Plenty of elbow grease soon moves all the
            dirt
            It took a considerable amount of polish and
            elbow grease before the brass shone like new.
            elbow room: 1
            If someone gives you elbow room, they give
            you the freedom to do what you need or want
            to do in a particular situation.
            His overall message to governors, though,
            was that he intends to give them more elbow
            room to encourage innovation at the state level.
            The republics are asserting their autonomy
            and making their own elbow-room, often in direct
            defiance of the president's centralising decrees

            eU)ow room: 2
            you have enough elbow room, you have

            enough space to move freely or feel comfortable,
            without feeling crowded or cramped

            There was not much elbow room in the cockpit

            not know your arse from your elbow
            not know your ass from your elbow
            If you say that someone doesn't know their
            arse from their elbow or doesn't know their
            ass from their elbow, you are saying in a
            very rude way that they have no common
            sense or that they are ignorant and stupid.
            These are very informal expressions, which
            many people find offensive. The form with
            'arse' is used in British English and the form
            with 'ass' is used mainly in American Eng
            lish.
            He's just a boy. A big, enthusiastic kid with
            out an ounce of subtlety in him. who doesn't
            know his arse from his elbow.
            a Sometimes people use this expression in a
            very humorous way, by replacing 'arse', ass'.
            or 'elbow' with a different word.
            Must we be governed by people who don't
            know their arias from their elbow?
            Look, Preston Sturges. who doesn't know his
            ass from a hot rock, is making a picture. You
            have to stay with him all the time.

            elbows
            4
            rub elbows with someone
            If you rub elbows with someone important
            or famous, you associate with them for a

            while. This expression is used mainly in
            American English; the usual British expres
            sion is rub shoulders with someone.
            At the famous parties that he threw several
            times a month in his Park Avenue penthouse,
            where writers, artists, and celebrities rubbed elbows
            with the ultra rich and the socially elite,

            his shyness was legendary.
            He was a disc jockey at Studio 54. Kamikaze,
            Limelight and other trendy Manhattan clubs.
            In the 10 years prior to that job. he rubbed elbows
            with dozens of political super celebrities,
            including Richard Nixon. Imelda Marcos, and
            Gerald Ford

            element
            in your element

            out of your element

            444

            If you say that someone is in their element,
            you mean that they are doing something that
            they enjoy or do well.
            The sale will now commence. We will proceed
            in steps of two hundred thousand,' declared
            Bunbury, who was in his element
            My stepmother was in her element, organiz
            mg everything.
            You can say that someone is out of their


                evince -p 141 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            elephant
            element when they are doing something that
            they do not enjoy or do not do well.
            He stayed in the trade eight years, but was
            bored by the work and fell out of his element.
            As l hadn't done much cooking recently I felt
            a bit out of my element in the kitchen.

            elephant
            a white elephant

            44

            If you describe something such as a new
            building, plan, or project as a white elephant,
            you mean that it is a waste of money
            and completely useless.
            Will the complex, constructed at some expense
            but never used, be regarded as a monumental
            folly, a great white elephant?
            I don 't see any train line turning into a white
            elephant unless we made some stupid decision
            to build a train line in some remote rural location
            where it wasn't needed in the first place.

            embarrassment
            an embarrassment of riches

            ena

            122

            end
            at a loose end
            at loose ends

            4

            If you are at a loose end or at loose ends,
            you have some spare time and you feel rather
            bored because you do not have anything particular
            to do. ‘At a loose end' is used in British
            English and ‘at loose ends' is used in
            American English Compare loose ends: see
            ends.
            After my return home / was at a loose end l
            read the typescript over and over until I knew
            it by heart.
            I assume you are both at a loose end after a
            rather dull day.
            Brenda had agreed to see her at four-thirty,

            left Mrs. Dambar at loose ends for two
            half hours.
            come to a sticky end
            come to a bad end
            4
            If someone comes to a sticky end or conies
            which
            and a

            to a bad end, they die in an unpleasant or

            4

            If someone has an embarrassment of
            riches, they have so many good things that
            these things have become a problem. This is a
            literary expression.
            Football fans have an embarrassment of
            riches to choose from a week today when, for
            the first time in British television history, three
            matches will be screened live simultaneously.

            empty
            run on empty: 1
            If a person or organization is running on
            empty, they are no longer as exciting or successful
            as they once were because they have
            run out of new ideas or resources.
            The band's 1990 Reading appearance is wide
            ly agreed to be their finest two hours. Certainly,
            events after this suggest a band running on
            empty, delaying the inevitable.
            A lot of societies are running on empty
            muddling through without any clear sense of
            direction.

            -

            run on empty: 2
            If you are running on empty, you feel
            tired, confused, and unable to think or work
            properly because you have not eaten for a
            long time.
            If you don t feed your body daily nutrients
            you are running on empty something you can
            only do for a short time.
            Running on empty increases the stickiness of
            blood and raises the chance of clotting, say
            American researchers.
            D If a vehicle is running on empty, it has almost
            no fuel in its tank.

            violent way.

            Defeated seven years later by a punitive expedition
            under Germamcus, Arminius also
            came to a sticky end. murdered by his own
            troops.
            Hasson comes to a bad end, but so does almost
            everyone else in the book.
            a dead end:1

            444

            If a plan, project, or course of action leads
            to a dead end, there is no future in it and it
            will never develop any ftirther.
            There has never been a more successful economic
            policy than the one Japan has followed
            since I960. But it is nearing a dead end.
            The investigations into the sensational mur
            der of former Prune Minister Rajiv Gandhi
            seem to have reached a dead end.
            444
            dead-end: 2
            You can use dead-end to describe a job or
            situation when you dislike it or are scornful

            of it because you think it is boring and will
            never lead to anything more interesting or
            successful.
            He was a dull, nondescript man in a dull.
            dead-end job.
            Counseling a student in this dead-end situation
            is like trying to get a condemned man to
            plan for the future.

            4
            end it all
            If someone ends it all, they kill themselves.
            / desperately wanted to end it all. but I had
            an adorable little boy who was totally dependent
            upon me.
            Thoughts about ending U all are common

            among bewildered undergraduates.


                evince -p 142 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            end
            the end of the road:1
            the end of the line
            If someone or something is at the end of
            the road or the end of the line, they are at
            a point where they can no longer continue or
            survive in a situation.
            The administration realises now that they've
            come to the end of the road of their policy.
            For Mr Kaparti it's the end of the road. The
            former political boss of the Army now retires,

            to spend his days fishing and playing with his
            grandchildren in the new Hungary.
            Failure to beat Poland at Wembley in the
            next match almost certainly will spell the end
            of the line for the England manager.
            the end of the road: 2
            44
            the end of the line
            If you refer to the end of the road or the
            end of the line, you are referring to what
            will eventually happen as a result of
            someone's actions.
            There are many of us who tell kids who don 't

            want to go to school that if drugs don't kill
            them, there's only jail at the end of the road.
            We believe the sums do not add up. At the
            end of the line there will be bankruptcy for

            some.

            go ofT the deep end: 1
            4
            If you say that someone has gone off the
            deep end, you mean that they have gone
            mad, or that their behaviour has become
            strange or extreme. This expression is used
            mainly in American English.
            Pay gives a chilling performance as the seemingly
            nice cop who goes off the deep end and
            terrorises a couple he once rescued from villainy.
            At first they thought that I'd gone off the deep
            end and had lost my mind.
            His Aunt Ellen raised him after his mother
            went off the deep end.

            Bo olT the deep end: 2
            If someone goes off the deep end, they become
            very angry. This expression is used in

            British English.

            I thought that the real trouble would begin
            when my father got home. In fact, he didn't go
            off the deep end at all. He just said it wasn1
            fair to make my mother worry like that.
            at the deep end
            44
            If you jump in at the deep end or are
            thrown in at the deep end, you start by doing
            the most difficult part of a job or task, before
            you have tried to do the easier parts or
            without any preparation.
            It takes most TV hosts years to work up to
            live television, but Sunday Mail columnist
            Susan Hocking is jumping straight in the deep
            end when she anchors the evening news next
            Week.

            end

            123

            I started out with little selfconfidence and
            built it up in the job I believe you gain confi
            dence by being thrown in at the deep end. Then
            there's no way out. You have to get on with it
            and produce the goods.
            keep your end up
            hold your end up

            4

            If you keep your end up or hold your end
            up in a particular situation, you do what you
            have said you will do or what you are expected
            to do. You can also say that you hold up
            your end of something or keep up your end
            of something.
            But David, despite being uncharacteristically
            nervous, holds his end up brilliantly, making
            his points and still managing to play it for
            laughs.
            The pure fact of the matter is that we signed
            a contract and we've worked hard to keep up
            our end, and they must keep up their end.

            on the wrong end of something
            If you are on the wrong end of an

            4

            activity

            or situation, you are unsuccessful in it or suf
            fer because of it. For example, if you are on
            the wrong end of a game, you lose it.
            This is a year for change, that's clear. And
            we're on the wrong end of change this year.
            A goal from Shaun Goater, a Bermudan international,
            left Howard Kendall's team on the
            wrong end if a 1-0 scoreline.
            After last week's extraordinary events, they
            are once again on the wrong end of a publicity

            campaign.

            the sharp end
            444
            If someone is at the sharp end of an activity
            or type of work, they are the people who

            are actually involved in it and so know about
            the reality of the situation. This expression is
            used mainly in British English.
            These men are at the sharp end of law enforcement
            and when a man is waving a gun.
            they have to act decisively to protect the public
            and colleagues.
            We don't pretend to be at the sharp end of
            fashion. But we do try to produce items that
            are the basics of a stylish wardrobe
            The young are at the sharp end of violent
            changes now shaking America to its core.

            to the bitter end

            44

            If you do something to the bitter end, you
            are determined to continue doing it and finish
            it,

            even

            though it is becoming increasingly

            difficult.
            Despite another crushing defeat, he is
            determined to see the job through to the bitter
            end
            They must carry an their battle to the bitter
            end not only to get a fair deal for themselves.
            but for the sake of all British business.


                evince -p 143 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            ends

            evils

            124

            ends

            error

            444
            loose ends
            If there are loose ends in something, small
            details or parts of it have not yet been sorted
            out satisfactorily. Compare at loose ends; see
            end.
            She spent the rest of the afternoon tying up
            loose ends: editing footage for a feature on
            California Cuisine, making phone calls, answering
            memos that had languished on her
            desk for weeks.
            The overall impact of the story is weakened
            by too many loose ends being left inadequately
            resolved.

            44
            the error of your ways
            If someone sees the error of their ways,
            they realize or admit that they have made a
            mistake or behaved badly.
            I wanted an opportunity to talk some sense
            into him and try to make him see the error of

            make ends meet

            444

            If you find it difficult to make ends meet,
            you find it difficult to pay for the things you
            need in life, because you have very little money.
            Many people are struggling to make ends
            meet because wages are failing to keep pace
            with rising prices under the government's eco
            nomic reform programme
            He says he has trouble making ends meet because
            he can't find work and his government
            check is barely enough to cover the rent.
            play both ends against the middle
            If someone plays both ends against the
            middle, they pretend to support or favour two
            opposing people or ideas in order to gain an
            advantage, or to try to get all the benefits that
            they can from a situation You usually use
            this expression to show that you disapprove
            of this behaviour.
            She plays both ends against the middle by deciding
            to marry the boy and still sleep with the

            man.

            Englishman
            an Englishman's home is his castle

            even
            don't get mad, get even
            If someone says ‘don't get mad, get even*.
            they mean that if someone harms you, you
            should not waste your energy on being angry,
            but concentrate on harming them in return.
            Compare get even.
            It's a case of don't get mad, get even. Mark
            Leavls wasn't too happy after Judge Carol
            Shapiro didn 't give him what he wanted in his
            divorce. So a few hours after the ruling, the Seattle
            lawyer filed to run against the judge in
            her bid for a second term on the bench.

            get even
            444
            If you get even with someone who has hurt
            or insulted you, you get your revenge on
            them. Compare don't get mad, get even
            He is so incensed by what he considers shabby
            treatment that he's determined to get even.
            He'd leapt at this chance to get even with the
            scum who had killed his sister
            He hasn't kept his side of their agreement,
            and she means to get even with him.

            evil
            -4

            When people say ‘an Englishman's home
            is his castle', they are referring to the belief
            that people have the right to do what they
            want in their own home, and that other people
            or the state have no right to interfere in
            people's private lives. This expression is used
            in British English.
            An Englishman 's home is his castle, and only
            recently courts have upheld the right of
            Englishmen to act in self-defence.
            If an Englishman 's home is his castle, his
            garden is his private estate.
            O Journalists often vary this expression, for
            example by saying that an Englishman's
            home is a particular thing.
            Far from being his castle, an Englishman's
            home is rapidly becoming a financial millstone.
            Rightly or wrongly, and probably wrongly,
            an Englishman 's home will remain his best in
            vestment.

            his ways.
            It look him a long time, he says, to realise the
            error of his ways.
            The court is making the punishment fit the
            crime. If they are shown the error of their
            ways, it's better than locking them up.

            put off the evil day
            In British English, if you say that someone

            is putting off the evil day, you mean that
            they have to do something unpleasant but
            they are trying to avoid doing it for as long
            as possible. This expression is very variable.
            Some people find it helps to cut down on the
            number of cigarettes they smoke before they ac
            tually give up. But the danger of doing this is
            that you can simply go on putting off the evil
            day and eventually find yourself smoking as
            much as ever
            The government has been putting off the evil
            hour about introducing the tough measures required
            to save Bulgaria's shattered economy

            evils
            the lesser of two evils
            the lesser evil
            If you have to choose between two

            44

            bad

            J


                evince -p 144 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            exception

            eye

            125

            can refer to the one which is less
            bad as the lesser of two evils or the lesser

            start

            evil.
            Should she choose the isolation of life on the
            streets or the constant abuse of her father? In
            the end it seemed the street was the lesser of

            sion panel, provoking controversy merely by
            casting a cool eye on the hot topic of child

            things, you

            two evils.

            In a continent where economic successes are
            rare, authoritarianism may seem a lesser evil
            than abject poverty.
            O People occasionally vary this phrase to refer
            to a choice between more than two bad
            things

            At the Whitechapel, the option of a temporary
            closure with the possibility of hiring the gal
            lery out - represented the lesser of several evils.
            This has been an exercise In choosing between
            lesser evils to limit the damage such cuts
            inevitably cause.

            exception
            4
            the exception that proves the rule
            If you are making a general statement and

            you say that something is the exception that

            proves the rule, you mean that although it

            seems to contradict your statement, in most
            other cases your statement will be true. Peo
            pie sometimes use this expression to avoid
            having to justify their statement in detail
            Towers should generally be arranged in clusters.
            but the Post Office Tower was the excep
            lion that proved the rule
            it needs to stand
            alone so that its signals are not interrupted.
            I have this theory that, apart from one or two
            exceptions that prove the rule, very attractive
            men do not fall in love.

            -

            expense
            at someone's expense
            444
            If someone laughs or makes a joke at your
            expense, they do it by making you seem fool
            ish
            They can make him believe anything and are
            always ready to get a cheap laugh at his expense

            Being

            fat

            never forget

            my expense.

            and bald has ruined my life. I'll
            the people who made remarks at

            Members of the studio audience, both male
            and female, love hearing women take the mick
            cy out of men But should the men retaliate
            ond make jokes at the expense of the women.
            boos and jeers are guaranteed.

            eye
            cast an eye on something

            4

            If you cast an eye on something, you examlne it carefully and give your opinion about
            '• Adjectives such as ‘cold' or ‘critical' are often
            used before ‘eye' to describe the way in
            "'hich you examine something.

            The Independent also casts an eye on the
            of the Conservative Party conference m
            Bournemouth today.
            Liz. the psychotherapist, appears on a televi

            abuse.

            'Before the elections I was pessimistic,' says
            Jassem Saddoun, a leading economist who
            casts a critical eye on domestic affairs

            cast your eye over something
            run your eye over something

            444

            If you cast your eye or run your eye over
            something, you look at consider, or read it
            quickly
            He cast his eyes over the bookcases. She had
            obviously been an avid reader
            Mr Barnes said the company often cast its
            eyes over projects and was always looking at
            new prospects
            Leonard ran his eye along the bottom of the
            chart to the exact month, day and time of day
            she had given.

            cast your eyes on something
            cast your eye on something

            4

            If someone casts their eyes on something or
            someone, they want to have or possess them.
            You can also say that they cast their eye on
            them.
            When Hitler cast his eyes on Czechoslovakia.
            Russia and Prance were prepared to go to war
            to defend that country
            To our amazement, another developer has
            cast greedy eyes on the field next door
            Air France is casting an acquisitive eye on
            some of the shares qf domestic Air Inter that it
            doesn t already own.

            catch someone's eye
            catch the eye
            444
            If something or someone catches your eye
            or catches the eye, you notice them because
            they are very striking, vivid, or remarkable.
            When 1 walked into the coffee shop, a flower
            arrangement caught my eye.
            She made sure she caught the eye

            of

            49-year

            old Frank Sinatra on the set one day and
            promptly flew on his jet to Palm Springs for
            the weekend.
            A motion must have caught my mother's eye:
            she rose and moved to the windows, and Fa
            ther and l followed.
            He turned the page The picture caught his
            eye instantly.
            O You can also say that something is eyecatching
            when it is very striking, vivid, or
            remarkable.
            My mother and my sister love stylish, eye
            catching designer hats but cannot afford to buy
            them.


                evince -p 145 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            eye

            eye

            126

            There's an eyecatching headline on the front
            page of the Sunday Times.
            an eye for an eye
            an eye for an eye, a tooth for a tooth
            44

            People use an eye for an eye to refer to a
            system of justice where the punishment for a
            crime is either the same as the crime or equivalent
            to it.
            They should bring back the death penalty. A
            lot of people are getting away with things like
            this, thinking 'So what, they cannot kill me'. I
            believe in an eye for an eye.
            You can use an eye for an eye before a

            noun.

            The solution to our problems is about feeling
            our divisions and our differences and about
            building together, not the eye for an eye doctrine
            which is now being pursued.
            People sometimes say ‘an eye for an eye,
            a tooth for a tooth' with the same meaning.
            It is practically impossible to remain rational
            and forgiving when reading of child abuse,
            rape and other terrible, unlawful acts. The immediate
            response is 'An eye far an eye. a tooth
            for a tooth'.
            4
            the eye of the storm
            If you are in the eye of the storm, you are
            deeply involved in a difficult or controversial
            situation which affects or interests a lot of
            people.
            He was often in the eye of the storm of congressional
            debates related to US. troop withdrawals
            from Vietnam.
            On a national level, there is an emergency in
            child abuse neglect across the country. California
            and Los Angeles County, in particular.
            seem to be at the eye of the storm.

            get your eye in
            If you get your eye in when you are doing a
            particular thing, you become more skilful or
            experienced in it, because you have been
            practising it or doing it for a long time. This
            expression is used in British English.
            She bought the bulk of the chairs from the
            salerooms. She had this marvellous knack for
            wheeling and dealing I helped her get her eye
            in. but the instinct was there.
            We're going to shoot some clay pigeons later.
            Sort of getting our eye in for the grouse.

            give someone a black eye
            If you give someone a black eye, you punish
            them severely for something they have
            done, but without causing them permanent
            harm.

            Whenever the Liberal Democratic Party gets
            or corrupt, voters tend to give it a

            too cocky
            black eye.

            Becoming a republic is not about insulting
            the British or about Irish desires to 'give Brit

            ain a black eye'. It is about recognising
            Australia's political, social and economic real
            ity.

            Black eye is more commonly used to refer
            to a dark-coloured bruise around a person's

            Q

            eye.

            a gleam in your eye

            •4

            If you say that a plan or project is only a
            gleam in someone's eye at present, you mean
            that it is being planned or considered, but has
            not yet been properly started. You can replace
            ‘gleam' with ‘glint' or 'twinkle'.
            The space-launched weapons that Mr Reagan
            wanted are still only a gleam in a few hopeful
            eyes.
            The European central bank is stUl no more
            than a glint in its creators' eyes.
            There are rumours of plans to upgrade
            Perugia's airport to receive international
            flights. At present, however, they seem to be no
            more than a twinkle in a developer's eye.

            in the public eye
            out of the public eye

            444

            someone

            is In the public eye. many people
            know who they are and are aware of what
            they are doing, because they are famous or
            because they are often mentioned on television
            or in the newspapers.
            Increasingly, top executives, senior politicians
            and many other prominent people in the public
            eye are voicing concern about the effects of
            their lifestyle on their family life.
            With the state of the British motor industry
            at the moment we need all the help we can get.
            The princess is very much in the public eye
            and anything she can do to promote UK products
            will be welcome.
            No stunt is too outrageous, no pose too shocking
            so long as it keeps her in the public eye.
            If something such as an issue is in the
            public eye, people are aware of it and are
            discussing it.
            They have won a great victory in turning
            public opinion and putting Aids in the public
            eye in such a positive way.
            You can say that someone is out of the
            public eye if they are normally in the news
            but are temporarily out of it.
            Boris Yeltsin has been out of the public eye
            far two weeks, recuperating on the Black Sea
            from heart trouble.

            If

            keep your eye on the ball
            If you say that someone keeps their eye on
            the ball, you mean that they continue to pay
            close attention to what they are doing. Compare
            take your eye off the ball
            She won widespread praise for her innovation.
            her lough negotiating skills and her ability
            to keep things moving, keep her eye on the
            balL


                evince -p 146 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            eye
            eye
            look someone in the eyes
            look someone in the

            4-44

            If you look someone in the eye or look
            them in the eyes, you look at them directly
            in order to convince them that what you are
            saying is true, even though you may be lying,
            Look someone in the face means the same.
            He looked me straight in the eye and said
            Paul. / will never lie to you. '
            You can't look me in the eye and tell me l
            didn't play a good match out there.
            ‘Now look me straight in the eyes.' Stephen
            continued. 'If / find you are lying, l shall never
            speak to you again. '
            If you cannot look someone in the eye.
            you are too ashamed or embarrassed by some
            thing that you have done to look at them directly.
            He was terribly shy. He shuffled around star
            ing at the ground and stumbling over mumbled
            words. He couldn't look me in the eye.
            ‘What's your name?' she asked him softly.
            •
            Damon Cross. ' he answered, but he could not
            look her in the eye. ‘Why didn 't you tell me this
            before?' 7 was afraid to. and I was ashamed. '

            the naked eye

            444

            If something is big enough or bright enough
            to be seen with the naked eye, you can see it
            without the help of equipment such as a telescope
            or microscope.
            These pests are often more green than red.
            are just visible to the naked eye and feed mainly
            under the leaves and on the younger
            growths.
            Enough light gets through space for us to see
            thousands of stars with the naked eye, and millions
            with an optical telescope.
            There could be some internal problem with
            the tires that isn t visible to the naked eye.

            not bat an eye: 1
            If you say that someone does something and
            nobody bats an eye, you mean that nobody
            seems to be shocked or offended by it, and
            lhat this is surprising. This expression is

            used mainly in American English; the usual
            British expression is not bat an eyelid.
            When the company duly revealed that its
            profits for 1990 had fallen 43 per cent from a
            year earlier, the markets barely batted an eye.
            People don i bat an eye when they pay 16 dol
            wrs a pound for cheese They walk in and peel
            °ff 50 dollar bills like it's change.
            You didn1 bat your eye when l told you that
            y°ur mother was dead.

            not bat an eye: 2

            eye

            127

            B you say that someone does something
            'thout batting an eye, you are expressing
            V°ur surprise that they are not nervous or
            orried about it This expression is used

            mainly in American English; the usual British
            expression is not bat an eyelid.
            Would you believe he ordered them to fill half
            a tin mug with lhat stuff and guzzled it with
            out batting an eye, as if it was water?

            one in the eye for someone
            If you say that something you do is one in
            the eye for someone, you mean that it will
            annoy them. This expression is used in British
            English.
            I want to show Arsenal they were wrong to
            let me go Every goal I score now is one in the
            eye for them.
            His Nobel prize will be seen in Mexico as one
            in the eye for the novelist. Carlos Puentes, who
            is regarded as his great left-wing rival.

            see eye to eye with someone

            444

            If you do not see eye to eye with someone.
            you do not agree with them about something.
            The Prime Minister did not see eye to eye
            with him on this issue.
            She has a boyfriend, too. but they don't see
            eye to eye on much.
            There were a number of points on which we
            did not see eye to eye completely.
            D If you see eye to eye with someone, you
            agree with them completely.
            IVe saw eye to eye on the essentials, and I'd
            even venture to say that we're now in perfect
            harmony.

            spit in someone's eye
            If you say that someone spits in your eye.
            you mean that they deliberately upset or annoy
            you.
            Small businessmen, all typical Tory voters.
            have seen their companies destroyed by the recession.
            The minister for Trade and Industry
            spat in their eye yesterday when he said: 7
            won 't rescue bankrupt companies 1 won t support
            the weak at the expense of the strong.'
            4
            take your eye ofT the ball
            If you say that someone takes their eye off
            the ball, you mean that they stop paying attention
            for a moment to something they are
            doing, and as a result they suffer some harm

            or things go wrong for them. Compare keep
            your eye on the ball.

            His greatest disappointment must have been
            the coal dispute, which revealed that he had
            misjudged the mood of the public. He told
            friends later that the decision had been right.
            but he took his eye off the ball over the presen
            tation.
            Any reorganization is disruptive. It makes
            key management take their eye off the only ball
            that should ever be in play the satisfaction of
            the customer


                evince -p 147 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            eye
            there's more to something than meets
            the eye
            there's less to something than meets
            44
            the eye
            If you say that there is more to something
            or someone than meets the eye, you mean
            that they are more complicated or more involved
            than they appear to be at first
            Detective Superintendent Bill Scholes. who is
            leading the murder inquiry, said last night he
            believed Mr Urquhart had been the victim of a
            professional hit. Police were investigating the
            possibility of a drugs, arms, or cash launder
            ing connection. ‘There is a lot more to it than
            meets the eye. ' he said.
            'She was convinced there was more to your
            friendship than met the eye.' 'Well there isn't.'
            You can say that there is less to something
            or someone than meets the eye to
            mean that they are less complicated or less
            involved than they appear to be at first.
            Though there's currently a construction boom
            in luxury apartments, there's much less to this
            than meets the eye. Since the war ended, little
            has been done to rebuild the country as a
            whole, and the economy is in ruins.
            444
            turn a blind eye to something
            If you turn a blind eye to something, you
            deliberately ignore it because you do not want
            to take any action over it, even though you
            know you should.
            The authorities were turning a blind eye to
            human rights abuses.
            Police usually turn a blind eye to topless sunbathing
            unless there are complaints.
            She didn 't act upon her suspicions. She chose
            to turn a blind eye to what she suspected was
            going on.

            It is up to all of us to take notice when we
            hear these alarms. There are too many cases of
            people turning a blind eye when someone could
            be in difficulty.
            with an eye for something
            have an eye for something
            Someone with an eye for something is very
            skilful at dealing with that thing and has a
            good understanding of it. You can also say
            that they have an eye for something.
            Mr Fromkin is a storyteller with an eye for
            detail and irony.
            With his unerring eye for light, line and colour,
            Greenaway has mounted one of the most
            beautiful drawing exhibitions ever seen.
            He has a good eye for companies that are
            about to become takeover targets
            would give your eye teeth for
            something
            4
            If you say that you would give your eye
            teeth for something or give your eye teeth to
            do something, you are emphasizing that you

            eyebrows

            126

            really want it and that you would do almost
            anything to get it.
            He's the most exciting man I've ever worked
            with, and I'd give my eye teeth to do something
            with him again.
            Is your son really up to the job or are you
            kidding yourself, because maybe you would
            have given your eye-teeth for such a chance at

            his age?

            eyeball
            eyeball to eyeball

            4

            If you say that two people are eyeball to
            eyeball, you mean that they are disagreeing
            with each other, and may argue or fight as a
            result.
            Miss Wynne sent everyone out and the two of
            us sat eyeball to eyeball. 'Why do you hate me?"
            she asked, quite without any apparent emotion.
            The vision that informed these foreign policy
            choices was of a world in which two superpowers
            were eyeballto-eyeball, where small
            risks were justified in the name of staving off
            bigger risks.
            Eyeball-to-eyeball can also be used before

            a noun.
            It was an immensely tough negotiation that
            led to eyeball to-eyeball confrontations with union
            leaders.

            eyeballs
            up to the eyeballs: 1
            If you say that someone is drugged up to
            the eyeballs, you mean that they have taken
            a lot of drugs which have strongly affected
            them.

            Often you can tell that the women taking part
            are almost completely out of it - drugged up to

            the eyeballs.
            We won't be able to speak to him today because
            he will be drugged up to the eyeballs. I
            don't even know the phone number of the hospital
            he's in.
            up to the eyeballs: 2
            If you say that someone is up to the eyeballs
            in an unpleasant situation, you mean
            that they are very deeply involved in it.
            The one-time media tycoon is down on his
            luck, out of a job. and up to his eyeballs in
            debt
            The relationship didn't start for six months
            and didn't really take off for another six
            months after that. By the next year I was up to
            my eyeballs in it

            eyebrows
            raise eyebrows

            44<

            If something that you do raises eyebrows,
            it surprises, shocks, or offends people.
            The Princess of Wales has raised eyebrows


                evince -p 148 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            l

            eyelid
            among older members of the British community
            in Cairo, as well as in Britain, by appearing
            in public with bare legs.
            What she explains as the free manner of
            speech which would probably go down quite
            well in the United States has raised Canadian
            eyebrows.
            President Clinton raised a few eyebrows when
            he chose Laura Tyson as the first woman to
            chair the Council of Economic Advisers.
            O You can also say that what you do causes

            raised eyebrows.
            Black has a recent history of shuffling loans

            between his two companies in a manner that
            provokes raised eyebrows in the City.

            eyelid
            not bat an eyelid: 1
            not bat an eyelash

            44

            If you say that someone does something and
            nobody bats an eyelid, you mean that nobody
            seems to be shocked or offended by it,
            and that this is surprising. You can also say
            that nobody bats an eyelash. These expressions
            are used mainly in British English; the
            usual American expression is not bat an eye.
            When it comes to naked women on the pages
            of a glossy magazine, no one seems to bat an
            eyelid
            I thought Sarah and David would be acutely
            embarrassed But they didn 't bat an eyelid.
            This place could have burned to the ground,
            and he wouldn't have batted an eyelash.

            not bat an eyelid: 2
            not bat an eyelash
            If you say that someone does something
            without batting an eyelid, you are expressing
            your surprise that they are not nervous
            or worried about it. You can also say that
            they do not bat an eyelash. These expressions
            are used mainly in British English; the
            usual American expression is not bat an eye.
            Without batting an eyelid he launched into a
            set of instructions of the most breathtaking
            complexity

            Mr Yeltsin said the conspirators would have

            killed thousands of people without batting an

            eyelid

            eyes
            aU eyes are on someone
            If all eyes are on someone or something,
            is carefully watching that person or
            thing, often because they are expecting something
            to happen or develop. You can also say
            that all eyes turn or focus on someone or
            something.
            AH eyes will be on the new British Prime

            everyone

            eyes

            129

            conciliatory approach to a united Europe than
            did his predecessor.
            Harry swaggers around the tables, confident
            ly aware that all eyes are on him.
            It made me nervous to think that the moment
            we entered the restaurant for my birthday dinner,
            all eyes would be turned our way.

            before your eyes
            in front of your eyes

            444

            If you say that something happens before
            your eyes or before your very eyes, you
            mean that it happens directly in front of you,
            and that you cannot do anything to stop it or
            change it You can also say it happens in
            front of your eyes.
            With a wrenching crack the stone statue collapsed
            before my eyes and crumbled to pieces at
            the bottom of the fountain.
            Marceline saw him falling apart before her
            very eyes and realized that something had to
            be done.
            It was a particularly nasty crime, picking on
            a woman in distress. This pair are real cowards
            and the poor lady was left in tears She
            saw her car driven off in front of her eyes.

            can't take your eyes off someone
            can't keep your eyes off someone 444
            If you can't take your eyes off someone or
            something, or can't keep your eyes off them.
            you find it hard to look at anything else.
            Anne looked so beautiful no one could take

            their eyes off her.
            Desmond did not believe the diamond was
            real. He could not take his eyes off itWe just couldn't keep our eyes off each other
            from the first time we met.

            feast your eyes on something

            •4

            If you feast your eyes on something, you
            look at it with a great deal of enjoyment and
            anticipation.
            If family food means more to you than simply
            satisfying hungry mouths, then feast your eyes

            on our delicious dishes.

            An exquisite Edinburgh Skye crystal goblet is
            one of the beautiful things you can feast
            your eyes on at Harrods.
            Billy pursed his lips and feasted his eyes on
            the toffee-apples.
            only

            -4
            have eyes in the back of your head
            If you say that someone has eyes in the
            back of their head, you mean that they are
            very observant and seem to be aware of

            everything that is happening around them.
            She has eyes in the back of her head and is
            always alert to the slightest trouble or sign of

            trouble.
            Our daughter is at the stage where you need
            eyes in the back of your head.
            'All sorts of things were going on off the


                evince -p 149 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            eyes
            ball, ' complained the Oldham skipper He
            didn't expect referees to have eyes in the back
            of their heads but ‘a good referee should sense
            what's happening around him. '

            keep your eyes peeled
            4
            keep your eyes skinned
            If someone tells you to keep your eyes
            peeled, they are telling you to watch very
            carefully for something. They can also tell
            you to keep your eyes skinned.
            Keep your eyes peeled so you're not followed.
            They drove there in Charlie's car, so Michael
            kept his eyes peeled for parking places.
            She's on the loose. I doubt if she'll come back
            here, but keep your eyes skinned

            make eyes at someone
            If someone is making eyes at you, they are
            trying to get you to notice them because they
            sexually attracted to you. This is a fairly
            old-fashioned expression.
            He's making eyes at one of the nurses.
            When Naomi first noticed that the seemingly

            are

            bashful boxer was making eyes at her across
            the room, she was impressed.

            meet someone's eyes
            meet someone's eye

            eyes

            130

            444

            If you meet someone's eyes or meet their
            eye, you look directly into each other's eyes.
            You can also say that two people's eyes meet
            These expressions are used mainly in novels.
            An uneasy moment of frozen silence passed as
            Steve looked down and then finally up at me,
            meeting my eyes with an intense glare.
            Hella watched her with a stare of curiosity
            that was so blatant Mary felt herself blushing
            and unable to meet her eyes.
            Laura stood her ground and met his eye un
            flinchingly.
            She helped him out of his limousine, their
            eyes met and he asked her to marry him.
            only have eyes for someone: I
            4
            If you only have eyes for one person, they
            are the only person that you are interested in
            sexually.
            The 26 year-old model is adored by thousands
            but has eyes for only one man - her husband.
            They attracted lots of attention but they had
            eyes only for each other.
            I love to look good and when I dress up, I

            want my man to have eyes for no-one else but
            me.
            only have eyes for something: 2
            You can say that someone only has eyes
            for a particular thing when they are deter
            mined to have it.
            Given a choice between Cup success and promotion.
            Corfe has eyes only for the Premier
            league.

            The president came seeking investment in

            Mexico, but found Western Europe had eyes
            only for the new democracies to its east

            open the eyes of someone:1
            open someone's eyes

            444

            If something opens the eyes of someone or
            opens their eyes, it causes them to become
            aware of things for the first time.
            The need for female labour created during
            two world wars opened the eyes of many women
            to better paid lives in factories and offices.
            Did being in prison open your eyes to things
            in modern America you weren't aware of be
            fore?

            open your eyes: 2
            keep your eyes open
            44
            If someone tells you to open your eyes or
            keep your eyes open, they are telling you to
            become aware of things that you can do in a
            particular situation.
            Wake up, open your eyes and minds and get
            angry, because political debate is back on the
            agenda.
            Take up any opportunity to increase your
            knowledge and broaden your horizons Keep
            your eyes open for any likely study courses
            starting in February.

            up to your eyes

            4

            If you say that you are up to your eyes in
            work or in an unpleasant situation, you mean
            that you are very busy with it or are deeply
            involved in it
            I'm afraid l shall be late getting back. I am
            up to my eyes in work.
            Sir Ranulph is up to his eyes preparing for
            the trip, so we had to use a model.
            If you are up to your eyes in debt and already
            set to lose your home, get advice on
            bankruptcy That way your debts may be written
            off after three years.
            with your eyes closed
            with your eyes shut
            If you say that you can do something with
            your eyes closed or with your eyes shut,
            you are emphasizing that you can do it very
            easily.

            He reassembled the gun quickly and expertly.
            It was something he could do with his eyes
            closed.
            Prince is so good he could do a show like this
            on crutches with his eyes shut
            4
            with your eyes glued to something
            Someone with their eyes glued to something
            is watching it with all their attention.
            You can also say that their eyes are glued on
            something.
            People who had dropped by just to get a cup
            of coffee suddenly found themselves lingering
            for hours, eyes glued to the TV set with a look
            usually reserved for a good suspense film.


                evince -p 150 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            face

            131

            race

            Coral tried to distract me by pointing to a
            load of firewood, and I just kept

            Wearing ties and blazers, the boys sit politely

            on the wood gym floor, eyes glued on the spe
            tractor and a

            my eyes glued to the road.

            cial visitor.

            F
            face
            at face value:1

            444

            If you take what someone says at face
            value, you accept it and believe it without
            thinking about it very much, even though it
            may be incorrect or untrue.
            Clients should know better than to take the
            advice of a wholesaler at face value
            It took some convincing, but I think she finally
            accepted my statement at face value
            Allegations of a plot from the federal government
            cannot be taken at face value. The talk of
            plots and the arrests could be seen as provocative
            and politically motivated

            at face value: 2
            If you take someone at face value, you accept
            the impression that they give of them
            selves, even though this may be completely
            false.
            For a time I took him at face value. At that
            time. I had no reason to suspect him.
            We meet so many new people all the time that
            we're far more likely simply to accept them at
            face value than to waste time questioning the
            image they project.

            blow up in your face
            explode in your face

            44

            If a situation blows up in your face, it unexpectedly
            goes wrong and destroys your
            plans or your chances of something. You can
            also say that a situation explodes in your

            face
            It is very hard to say what made him allege
            a Republican plot, but he must have known
            that having no evidence, this would blow up in
            his face.
            His outburst yesterday could blow up in his
            face. Those that have supported his cause will
            certainly question his motives.
            The scandal has exploded in the government's
            face, and once again brought into question the

            future of the Trade and Industry Secretary.

            come face to face with someone: 1
            tt'cet someone face to face

            444

            If you come face to face with someone or
            •neet someone face to face, you meet them
            and can talk to them directly.
            Following his meeting with Eden, Hopkins
            visited Number 10 Downing Street and came
            face to face with Churchill for the first time.

            L~

            to call her or meet her face to face In spite of
            our closeness of forty years. I didn ‘t know what
            to say or how to act.
            Now that he was face to face with the estate
            agent. Arnold found it difficult to explain.
            D A face-to-face meeting or encounter is one
            where the people meet and can talk to each
            other directly.

            The first face-to-face meeting between the
            heads of the Trade Union Confederation and
            the Employers' Association got nowhere yester
            day.

            The three major vice-presidential candidates
            took the stage tonight in Atlanta in their only

            face-to-face confrontation of the campaign.
            come face to face with something: 2
            bring someone face to face with

            something
            4-4-4
            If you come face to face with a problem or
            with reality, you are forced to experience it
            and have to deal with it or accept it. You can
            also say that you are brought face to face
            with something.
            Before the deal was fully closed, however.
            Beaverbrook came face to face with a serious

            problem

            I had achieved some standing among my fel
            low workers, but was gradually being brought
            face to face with the fact that I had very little
            success in alleviating human misery.

            a face like thunder
            If you say that someone has a face like thunder, you mean that they look extremely angry. This expression is used in British English.

            The kitchen had flooded and Mick was stalking around the house with a face like thunder
            Mr Clarke had a face like thunder after his assistant's mistake.
            fly in the face of something
            444
            If you say that something flies in the face
            of accepted ideas, rules, or practices, you
            mean that it confl icts with them or contradicts
            them.
            The plan to sell rhino horn flies in the face of
            the international ban.
            The reputable Washington based George Mar
            shall Institute flew in the face of accepted opin
            ion and published research suggesting the
            world may not be getting hotter.
            The decision flies in the face of an emotional


                evince -p 151 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            face
            appeal by the President last week for Congress
            to deal quickly with the nomination.
            4
            get out of someone's face
            If someone tells you to get out of their face,
            they are telling you in a rude and aggressive
            way to leave them alone and to stop annoying
            them or interfering with them.
            Get out of my face or else I'm going to slap

            you.
            He whinged after the verdict went against
            him in our first fight. That irritated me. I told
            him to get out of my face.

            in-your-face
            44
            If you describe someone or something as inyour-face, you mean that they are unconven
            tional and provocative, and may upset or of
            fend some people. This is an informal expression.
            Christina James plays Perry's widow, a viva
            cious, in-your-face woman who is sometimes too
            honest for her own good.
            Von Preinheim is known in the gay comma
            nity as both a film and mischief maker for his
            ferocious, often in-your-face movies.
            Wry. witty, and downright rude, Lea's act
            combines stand-up with gutsy jazz and blues.
            Totally in-yer-face.
            O This expression is sometimes spelled •inyer-face', to represent an informal pronuncia
            tion of ‘your'.
            keep a straight face
            444
            with a straight face
            If you keep a straight face, or say or do
            something with a straight face, you manage
            to look serious, even though you really want
            to laugh or smile.
            His laugh was hard for Nancy to resist, but
            she managed to keep a straight face
            7 don't see that there's anything funny about
            it.' he said, offended. 'Of course there isn't,' she
            said, trying to keep a straight face.
            We've all been practicing trying to say we
            charge $1,000 an hour with a straight face. But
            so far we haven 't been able to do it.
            D You can also say that someone or something
            is straight-faced.
            It's the way he tells a joke He is completely
            straight-faced and l just fall about laughing.
            A book has been published in the US entitled
            'What Bird Did That'. The blurb on the cover
            describes it as being 'a hilarious, straightfaced, full-colour guide to bird droppings'.
            laugh on the other side of your face
            If someone says ‘you'll be laughing on the
            other side of your face', they are warning
            you that although you are happy or successful
            at the moment, things are likely to go wrong
            for you in the future. This expression is used
            in British English; the American expression

            lace

            132

            is laugh out of the other side of your
            mouth
            You'll be laughing on the other side of your
            face when they get Paul Stewart back from Liverpool.

            a

            long face
            4
            If you say that someone has a long face,
            you mean that they look very serious or unhappy.

            He came to me with a very long face and admitted
            there had been an error.
            There were some long faces in Paris that day.
            Astoundingly, an American had won the Tour
            de France.
            D You can also say that someone is longfaced.

            After a short ceremony we

            by the graveside.

            stood, longfaced.

            look someone in the face
            4
            If you look someone in the face, you look
            at them directly in order to convince them
            that what you are saying is true, even though
            you may be lying. Look someone in the eye
            means the same.
            He looked me in the face again and repeated,
            7 swear to you that it wasn ‘t me. '
            Look me in the face. Do l look like a liar?
            D If you say that you cannot look someone
            in the face, you are too ashamed or embarrassed
            by something that you have done to
            look at them directly.
            Why did l do that? I can't ever look her in
            the face again.
            If I took up their offer I couldn't look my

            friends in the face again

            lose face

            444

            If you lose face, people think less well of
            you because you are made to look foolish or
            because you do something which damages
            your reputation. You can also say that something
            loses someone face. Compare save
            face.
            It is inconceivable that the Communist Party
            would ever allow itself to lose face by losing an
            election.
            The world's motor industry is giving an object
            lesson in how big business can co-operate
            with its competitors without losing face.
            Political observers said the army chief had
            lost a lot of face because of the government's
            victory.
            Opposition leaders said he should not go,

            as

            the circumstances in which his most senior colleague
            had resigned would lose him face with
            the Americans.

            make a face
            444
            pull a face
            If you make a face or pull a face, you
            show a feeling such as dislike, disgust, or de

                evince -p 152 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            «

            face
            fiance by twisting your face into an ugly expression.
            or by sticking out your tongue. 'Pull
            a face' is used only in British English.
            She made a face at the musty smell, and hurried
            to open the windows.
            He was taught from an early age to address
            people as 'Mister' and not to poke his tongue

            out or pull faces.
            If someone makes or pulls a particular

            kind of face, they show that feeling in their
            expression.
            •Here I am. ' Chee said 'What can I do?' Janet
            made a wry face.
            He pulled funny faces at her and cracked a

            few jokes.

            not have the face

            If you don't have the face to do something,
            you are too nervous or embarrassed to do it.
            This expression is used in British English.
            You wouldn't lend me a couple of quid, would
            you? I mean. I'm dying for a smoke, and I
            haven 't the face to borrow off Michael.
            They were all placing their orders. They had
            not quite the face to view the Collection more
            than once without doing so.

            put a brave face on something
            put a good face on something
            put a brave front on something
            444
            If someone puts a brave face on a difficult
            situation or puts on a brave face, they try
            not to let anyone see how upset or disappoint
            ed they are. You can replace ‘brave' with
            'good' and ‘face' with ‘front'.

            The news caused share prices to slump by
            around £5 billion and the pound to weaken. Mr
            Major put a brave face on the trade figures.
            saying they suggested recovery was on the way.
            They don't like to see how grieved, how awful
            we're feeling. They'd much rather we put on a
            brave front and pretend nothing has happened
            because they can't cope with it.
            The Prince's manners rarely fell below excellence
            and he would have gone to great pains to
            Put a good face on his sufferings.
            O This expression is extremely variable. For
            example, you can say that someone puts up a
            brave face or front or keeps up a brave
            face or front. You can also just talk about a
            brave face.
            Now the atmosphere in Sloane Street is more
            nuted, although shopkeepers are keeping up a
            orave face. The shops are dominated by sales,
            with reductions of up to 70 per cent.
            Colleagues said that despite his brave face.
            Mr Hutchinson was deeply hurt at his treat
            Kent.

            Save face
            you save

            444

            face, you do something so that
            People continue to respect you and your repu
            LT"

            race

            133

            face, they do something to keep people's respect
            for you and save your reputation. Compare
                lose face.
            Most children have an almost obsessive need
            to save face in front of their peers.
            Last Wednesday Poland somehow allowed the
            United States to take a three-goal lead before
            slightly saving face by scoring two themselves
            The most important thing now to be done
            was to end the war before thousands more
            were killed or maimed to save the faces cf a

            few politicians.

            O You can talk about a face-saving action.
            The change of heart on aid seems to show
            that officials are looking for a face saving way
            to back down.
            This offer is being made subject to the same
            conditions as the president's previous attempt.

            No negotiations, no compromises, no attempts
            at face-saving, and no rewards for aggression
            D Journalists sometimes refer to an action or
            excuse which enables someone to save face as

            a face-saver
            Nobody can object to a prisoner exchange be
            tween combatants The hope is that this ex
            change will also give the kidnappers the face
            saver they need to release the hostages.

            4
            set your face against something
            If you say that someone has set their face

            mean that they op
            pose it in a determined way. You often use
            this expression when you think the person is
            being stubborn or unreasonable. This expres
            sion is used mainly in British English.
            Tricia wondered if he had ever considered
            moving, but heard that he had set his face
            against the idea.
            Both the government and the major rebel
            groups appear to have set their faces against a
            negotiated settlement to the conflict.
            against something, you

            show your face: 1
            If you do not want to show your face somewhere,
            you do not want to go there, for example
            because you are embarrassed or ashamed

            about something you have done
            Louis skulked in his Harlem apartment for
            three days after his defeat, too ashamed to
            show his face. His ego was badly bruised
            If she shows her face again back in Massachusetts
            she'll find a warrant for her arrest
            waiting.

            show your face: 2
            If you show your face somewhere, you go
            there briefly, for example because you have
            been invited there and you feel obliged to go
            for a short time.
            I'll probably just be going to show my face
            really and then come home and go to bed, because
            I'm absolutely exhausted.


                evince -p 153 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            face
            I felt l ought to show my face at her father's
            funeral.
            I was in America for the first time, and my
            agent thought it would be a good idea for me
            to show my face around the various studios.
            44
            stare something in the face: 1
            If you are staring a bad situation in the
            face, the situation is very likely to occur, or
            is about to occur. You can also say that the

            bad situation is staring you in the face.
            The Communists could be staring defeat in

            the face.

            Some of my patients are actually staring
            death in the face. They've suffered o heart attack,
            maybe two.
            After this defeat, relegatum stares the club in
            the face as starkly as it did in 1972.
            4
            stare someone in the face: 2
            If the facts about something are staring you
            in the face, they are very obvious, although
            you may not yet have realized this.

            Even when the evidence is staring them in the

            face they deliberately misread it.

            Tom had an insight, the kind of insight that
            you sometimes have when you're trying to solve
            a complex problem, and you suddenly realise
            that the answer has been staring you in the
            face all along.

            throw something back in someone's
            4
            face
            If you say something or do something for

            someone and they throw it back in your
            face, they reject it completely in a way that
            seems very ungrateful or impolite to you.
            Don't be surprised if your concern for their
            wellbeing is misunderstood and gets thrown
            back in your face.
            We extended the hand of friendship and you
            have thrown it back in our faces.
            to someone's face
            444
            If you say something, especially something
            critical or unpleasant, to a person's face, you
            say it openly in their presence.
            He was too old, too rigid, too inflexible, he
            had to step aside. But who was going to say so
            to his face?
            At school it was hard when people talked
            about me. No-one would ever say anything to
            my face because they were scared of me.
            His most painful moment came when he told
            Mrs Thatcher to her face that she would be
            beaten if she fought on.
            until you are blue in the face
            4
            If you say that someone can do something
            until they are blue in the face, you mean
            that however long they do it or however hard
            they try, they will still fail.
            You can speculate till you're blue in the face,
            but you can't prove a thing.

            IclJLl

            134

            The president can issue decrees until he is
            blue in the face, but they are ignored
            written all over your face
            If an emotion such as relief or misery, for
            example, is written all over your face, it is
            very obvious to people that you are relieved
            or miserable, because of your expression.
            My misery must have been written all over
            my face.
            Utter jubilation and relief were written all
            over the faces of the freed hostages.

            fair
            all's fair in love and war
            In a competition or contest, people say ‘all's
            fair in love and war' when they want to justify
            dishonest or unfair behaviour, by suggesting
            that under difficult circumstances any

            kind of behaviour is acceptable.
            He appears to live by the boorish credo that
            all is fair in love and war. And being cruel to
            mistresses and wives isn't wrong.
            'Why would someone in your own family try
            to get the U.S. government to brand you as a
            racketeer?' he asks. 'Basically,' says William,
            'because all is fair in brotherly love and tear. '
            Sometimes people use other words instead
            of 'war' depending on the situation they are
            in.
            It seems women are at last realising what
            men have known for years: All is fair in love
            and divorce.
            4
            fair and square
            If you say that someone won a competition
            or did something fair and square, you mean
            that they did it honestly and without cheating

            or lying.

            This might start further accusations, but we

            don't care any more We won fair and square.
            I was beaten fair and square
            My father bought them fair and square Fifty
            years ago. We've still got the receipts.

            fail
            be heading for a fall
            be riding for a fall
            be headed for a fall
            If you say that someone is

            4

            heading for 8

            fall or is riding for a fall, you mean that
            they are doing something which is likely t0
            have unpleasant consequences for them. You
            can also say that someone is headed for a
            fall
            The Tory Party is heading for a great fallHere was a company that seemed to be riding
            for a fall. Now. things look completely
            ent. It has become the sixth biggest firm in
            market
            There were some who wondered whether


                evince -p 154 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            familiarity
            Black's vanity and military turn of mind indicated
            that he was headed for a fall.

            familiarity
            familiarity breeds contempt
            familiarity breeds content

            4

            If you say that familiarity breeds contempt.
            you mean that if you know someone
            or something very well, you can easily become
            bored with them and stop treating them
            with respect or stop paying attention to them.
            Other nouns are sometimes used instead of
            ‘contempt'.
            It is the old case of familiarity breeding contempt.
            The more people read about the political
            turmoil, the more it drags on. the more they
            feel comfortable about the problem being there
            in the background.
            Familiarity breeds inattention. Typically,
            family members are so convinced they know
            what another family member is going to say
            that they don 't bother to listen.
            Sometimes this expression is varied, for example
            as familiarity breeds content, to say
            that when you know someone or something
            very well, you grow to like them more or
            have more respect for them, rather than less.
            Through carefully maintaining a less grand
            image, the Queen has become as familiar to
            her people as a member of their own family - a
            familiarity that has bred content.

            sary because the government is playing fast
            and loose with public spending
            This kind cf talk not only confuses the public
            but actually encourages them to play fast-andloose with their own future and - more importantly
            the future cf their children.
        pull a fast one *
            If someone pulls a fast one or pulls a fast one on you, they succeed in tricking you in order to get an advantage
            Management recently tried to pull a fast one.
            Behind the backs of workers, the directors arranged to buy up the majority of shares to be issued. This meant that the number of shares issued to the workers would be far fewer.
            Someone had pulled a fast one on her over a procedural matter and she was not going to let them get away with it.

            fat
            chew the fat

            4

            If you chew the fat with someone, you chat
            with them in an informal and friendly way
            about things that interest you.
            We'd been lounging around, chewing the fat
            for a couple of hours.
            It's a chat show which gives her the chance to
            chew the fat with the likes of Tony Curtis,
            Diana Ross and Sir Peter Ustinov.

            the fat is in the fire
            If you say that the fat is in the fire, you

            farm
            buy the farm
            If someone buys the farm, they die. This is
            an informal expression.
            The plane spun down and never came out cf
            it; it nosedived into the ground and exploded.
            He bought the farm.

            fashion
            after a fashion

            fate

            135

            4

            If you say that something was done after a
            fashion, you mean that it was done, but not
            very well. If you say that something is true
            after a fashion, you mean that it is mostly
            true, but not entirely true.
            She was educated, after a fashion, by a gover
            ness at home.
            IVe were friends, after a fashion.
            It all works after a fashion, possibly better
            than it should.

            fast
            Play fast and loose
            <
            If you accuse someone of playing fast and
            loose with something important, you are accusing
            them of treating it without proper care
            or respect.
            The banks claim high interest rates are neces
            mean that someone has said or done something
            which is going to upset other people
            and cause a lot of trouble.
            Immediately the fat was in the fire, for in
            making an accusation directly and in the open.
            the minister for education and science had broken
            all the rules.
            You can say that someone pulls the fat
            out of the fire when they prevent or stop
            trouble by taking action at a very late stage.
            Don't rely on pulling the fat out of the fire by
            launching a late, last-ditch negative campaign
            against Clinton.

            the fat of the land
            If you say that someone is living off the fat
            of the land, you mean that they have a rich
            and comfortable lifestyle without having to
            work hard for it You often use this expression
            to criticize someone who is rich because
            they are exploiting people.
            He was pretty fed up with these bloated royalists
            who were living off the fat of the land and
            off American aid while the rest of the country
            was starving, literally.

            fate
            seal someone's fate
            If something seals the fate of a person or
            thing, It makes it certain that they will fail or


                evince -p 155 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            fault
            that something unpleasant will happen to
            them.
            The plan removes power from the govern
            ment, sealing the fate of the unpopular Prime
            Minister, and transfers it to the President.
            The women's marital fate is sealed by their
            parents, sometimes when they are as young as
            three years old.
            The parliament's decision today could seal
            the Republic's fate

            tempt fate
            44
            tempt providence
            If you say that someone is tempting fate,
            you mean that they are taking unnecessary
            risks when doing something, or acting in a
            way that may bring them bad luck. You can
            also say that someone is tempting providence

            Indeed, many experienced yachtsmen charge
            the organisers with tempting fate in sending so
            many ill-prepared crews into such dangerous

            waters.
            I can't see any farther than the next six
            months - it's like tempting fate to think of the

            future.

            I used to take the most appalling risks because
            it was in my nature to push everything
            to the extreme I was tempting providence all
            the time.

            fault
            to a fault

            feathers

            136

            44

            If you say that someone has a good quality
            to a fault, you are emphasizing that they
            have more of this quality than is usual or
            necessary.
            She was generous to a fault and tried to see
            that we had everything we needed.
            He's honest to a fault, brave, dedicated, and
            fiercely proud of the New York Police Department.

            feast
            enough is as good as a feast
            If you say ‘enough is as good as a feast'.
            you mean that there is no point in having
            more of something than you need or want.
            This is an old fashioned expression, which is
            used in British English.
            Enough is as good as a feast. ‘ my great aunt
            Daisy was wont to say to me. as I reached an
            ever-chubbier hand towards the chocolate biscuits.
            I too am very fond of music, nobody loves a
            tune better than I do. But I always scry enough
            is as good as a feast, do you not agree?

            feast or famine
            If someone says 'it's feast or famine', they
            mean that sometimes they have too much of

            something such as money, while at other
            times they do not have enough.
            While her life is rich in memories, funds are
            a problem. ‘It's feast or famine with me,' she
            says.
            People often vary this expression.
            Shadow Consumer Minister Nigel Griffiths
            last night demanded an investigation into the
            scandal. He said, 'It is a case of feast for the
            chosen few and famine for the rest of us.'
            After a long famine, a mini-feast investors
            are once again providing banks with the capital
            they need.

            the spectre at the feast
            the ghost at the feast
            the skeleton at the feast
            4
            If you describe a person or event as the
            spectre at the feast, the ghost at the feast,
            or the skeleton at the feast, you mean that
            they spoil other people's enjoyment, for example
            because they remind them of an unhappy
            event or situation. These expressions are used

            in British English.
            The party that broke out that night, the sense

            of liberation and the euphoria that gripped the
            town was

            amazing

            The only skeletons at the

            feast were the Russian military.

            Mairie Hastings makes her entrance as the
            widow Tancred, spectre at the feast where the
            Boyles celebrate the inheritance they will never
            have.

            feather
            a feather in your cap
            If you describe someone's achievement as a
            feather in their cap. you mean that they
            have done very well and you admire them.
            Hauptmann's arrest and conviction had been
            hailed as a triumph for justice and a feather
            in the cap of the New Jersey police.
            An overwhelming 4-1 victory over the champions,
            Leeds, last weekend was another feather in
            the cap of Middlesbrough manager, Lennie
            Lawrence.
            you could have knocked me down with

            a feather
            If you are telling someone about

            something

            that happened and you say ‘you could have
            knocked me down with a feather*, you are

            emphasizing that you were extremely surprised
            or shocked by it This is an old-fashioned expression
            I won 54 votes to 48. I was completely overwhelmed;
            you could have knocked me down
            with a feather.

            feathers
            44
            ruffle someone's feathers
            If someone ruffles your feathers, they say
            or do something which upsets or annoys you.

            J


                evince -p 156 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            feelers
            The country has, for example, ruffled a few

            by breaking with
            feathers
            on trade with China.

            the Western consen
            sus

            The tall Texan ruffled some English feathers
            by remarking: 'To get on you must do the best
            you can with whatever fate has given you, or
            be really English and sit around moaning a lot

            about everyone else. '
            No one doubts his ability to make sound
            judgments and to prevent feathers from getting

            ruffled.
            smooth

            4
            ruffled feathers
            smooths ruffled feathers, they
            calm things down when an argument or disagreement
            gets intense and they attempt to
            solve the problem. You can replace ‘smooth'
            with soothe'.
            His function was to smooth ruffled feathers.
            That was always Marcus's function. He would
            go around trying to convince people that they
            were making a lot offuss about nothing.
            Members of the exchange objected to Mr
            Rawlins's confrontational style. Mindful of
            this. Mr Lawrence has been soothing ruffled

            If

            someone

            feathers.
            feelers

            put out feelers
            4
            In a difficult situation, if you put out feelers,
            you carefully try to find out about other
            people's feelings or plans, so that you will
            know what to do next. You can replace ‘put'
            with other verbs such as ‘send', ‘have', or
            'throw'.
            We're going to the United States in mid May
            to put some feelers out and have a bit of a
            break, but we've really got more than enough
            work locally.
            'Em looking to play in Britain at the end of
            the next Australian season. ' he said last night.
            I've had some feelers out for one or two clubs
            already. '

            feet
            dead on your feet
            If you arc dead on your feet, you are completely
            exhausted.

            When we arrived, the police there were exhausted.
            They were stumbling around, dead on
            their feet.
            I'm usually dead on my feet at the end of the

            game.

            feet on the ground

            444

            If someone keeps their feet on the ground.
            •hey continue to act in a sensible and practical
            way even when new or exciting things are
            happening or even when they become successful
            or powerful. Compare get your feet on

            the ground.

            feet

            137

            He says he keeps his feet on the ground by
            keeping childhood friends around him.
            A year on from winning the world junior
            cross-country title, Radcliffe still has her feet
            firmly on the ground.
            Kevin was always level-headed with both feet
            on the ground.

            find your feet

            -4-4-4

            If you say that someone in a new situation
            is finding their feet, you mean that they are
            becoming more confident and learning what
            to do.
            Robert is looking a lot sharper He's finding
            his feet after doing a couple of extra afternoon
            sessions with our coach Don Howe and l know
            he's really looking forward to the game.
            It takes a while for people to find their feet at
            this level and gam the necessary confidence.
            get cold feet

            have cold feet

            44

            If you get cold feet or have cold feet about
            something, you are not sure whether you
            want to do it, or you become too nervous and
            worried to do it.
            I feel your boyfriend got cold feet about being
            in a committed relationship. He may even have
            fallen out of love.
            After the Government's defeat in Newbury
            and the local government elections, it is hardly
            surprising the Tories now have cold feet
            tackling such a politically sensitive issue.

            over

            get your feet on the ground
            If you get your feet on the ground, you become
            established In a new situation, or become
            re-established in an old one. This expression
            is used mainly in American English.
            Compare feet on the ground
            They have modest two-room apartments, and
            until they get their feet on the ground, they
            take most meals at the institute's cafeteria.
            We are the new boys and we have it all to do.
            We need to get our feet on the ground first.
            get your feet under the table
            4
            If someone gets their feet under the table.
            they establish themselves firmly in a new job
            or situation. You can replace ‘table' with
            ‘desk' when talking about someone's new job.
            This expression is used in British English.
            Mr MacGregor will wait for the new Trans
            portation Secretary in the incoming administration
            to get his feet under the table, but
            hopes to have an initial meeting in March or
            April.
            I think I shall be able to do something about
            that next year. But let me get my feet under the

            table.
            He was acting like a man with his feet very
            firmly under his desk.


                evince -p 157 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            feet

            put your feet up
            444
            If you put your feet up, you have a rest

            get your feet wet

            have your feet wet
            If you get your feet wet, you get involved
            in something or experience something for the
            first time. You can also say that you have
            your feet wet. These expressions are used
            mainly in American English.
            Charlton thinks it's time for me to get my feet
            wet. He says I'll be able to help the department
            a lot more if I learn how police actually solve

            crimes.
            Well, the Secretary of State now has his feet
            wet in the Middle East again. Do you think
            that the president is going to wade in soon and
            join him ?

            have feet of clay
            clay feet
            4
            You say that someone who is greatly admired
            or respected has feet of clay to point
            out that they have serious faults or weaknesses
            which people generally do not know
            about.
            When those idols are found to have feet of
            clay the pain of disenchantment can be pro
            found.

            For all his right-on posturing about how
            much he cares for his fans, Bruce is just another
            corporate rock star with feet of clay.
            You can also say that someone has clay
            feet. This form is used mainly in American
            English.
            So do you think he was familiar with the
            clay feet of the justices and therefore didn't
            have great heroes among them?

            itchy feet

            feet

            138

            4

            If you say that you have got itchy feet, you
            mean that you have become bored with the
            place or situation that you are in, and you

            want to move somewhere new or start doing
            something new.
            I hated living in Ixmdon, and I started getting
            itchy feet. Last year, I decided I really
            wanted to come out to the States.
            I could either wait until I was promoted or I
            could change what I was doing. The thought
            gave me really itchy feet so within a couple of
            months 1 decided to leave.

            land on your feet
            44
            fall on your feet
            If you say that someone lands on their feet
            or falls on their feet, you mean that they
            find themselves in a good situation, which
            you think is the result of luck and not their
            own efforts. ‘Fall on your feet' is used only in
            British English.
            Everything I want, she's got good marriage,
            good home, nice children. While I struggle
            through life, she lands on her feet.
            He has fallen on his feet with a new career
            set to earn him a fortune.

            from your work and relax, for example by lying
            down or sitting in a comfortable chair.
            All these dishes can be oven-baked from frozen,
            while you put your feet up and relax,
            If I'm early and you're not here I can put my
            feet up for a moment and have a rest

            rushed off your feet

            4

            If you complain that you are rushed off
            your feet, you are complaining that you are
            very busy, often because you are not getting
            any help or support in your work. This expression
            is used in British English.
            Now we have a cut back in staff in this department,
            and I'm rushed off my feet.
            You've been rushed off your feet all day,
            dashing from place to place, making telephone
            calls and willing the kettle to boil quicker But
            what have you actually achieved and where
            did the time go?

            stand on your own two feet
            44
            stand on your own feet
            If you stand on your own two feet or
            stand on your own feet, you show that you
            are independent and do not need anyone to
            help you or support you.
            It now seems clear that foreign aid levels of
            the 1980s will never be seen again and that the
            Caribbean will have to stand on its own two

            feet if it hopes to survive in a world dominated

            by massive trading blocks
            Having spent the past decade learning to
            stand on their own feet, Japan's drug makers
            now hope to take on the world.

            sweep someone ofT their feet: 1
            44
            If someone sweeps you ofT your feet, you
            fall in love with them almost as soon as you
            meet them because they are so attractive and
            exciting, and they behave very romantically
            towards you. This expression is used mainly
            in written English.
            By the end of the date he said he was going
            to marry me in two weeks' time. I was swept
            off my feet. I had always dreamed of being an

            officer's wife.

            He is a good fifteen years older than Felicity.
            He swept her off her feet, though. And l sup
            pose it seemed very romantic.
            sweep someone off their feet: 2
            If you say that something sweeps you off
            your feet, you mean that it extremely attractive
            or appealing to you. This expression is
            used in written English
            When she first spotted a photograph of o
            romantic looking house dating back to 1770. in
            an estate agent's window m Cheshire, she was
            swept off her feet by its charm.
            Ten British chefs plan to cook a feast they
            hope will sweep the French off their feet


                evince -p 158 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            fence
            on your feet
            thinkyou
            think on your

            4

            feet, you

            make good
            decisions and achieve things without having
            to think about them or plan them first.
            We always have room for a guy who can
            think on his feet. The boy's smart.
            you have to make decisions on the spot. I enjoy
            thinking on my feet and seeing the end
            product of my work immediately.
            Being a parent means thinking on your feet
            and adapting as you go along.

            If

            under someone's feet

            -4

            If you complain that someone is under your

            feet, you

            nacne

            139

            are annoyed because they are al
            ways around you and keep getting in your
            way when you are trying to do something.
            There really is no pleasing parents. When
            you're in the house they moan about you always
            being under their feet. When you're out of
            the house they moan because you're never
            around when they want you.
            The conservatory is good for children to play
            in as you can keep an eye on them while they
            and their toys are out from under your feet.

            vote with your feet

            44

            If people vote with their feet, they indicate
            what they want through their actions, for ex
            ample showing their dislike of a place or
            situation by leaving it.
            It seems thousands of people are already voting
            with their feet, and leaving the country for
            the hope of a better life.
            If Philadelphia 's economic future deteriorates,
            rich people will vote with their feet. They have
            the ability and wherewithal to move out qf this
            city, as businesses and corporations do.
            In spite of continuing intense pressure to become
            a couple, the latest statistics show we are
            voting with our feet and increasingly opting for
            the single life.

            fence
            sit on the fence
            come off the fence
            You say that someone is sitting on the
            fence to express your disapproval of them for
            refusing to state a definite opinion about
            something or to say who they support in a
            contlict. Verbs such as ‘stay' and ‘be' can be
            used instead of ‘sit'.
            The commission has chosen, extraordinarily,
            k) sit
            on the fence, murmuring that schools
            must decide for themselves.
            Democrats who'd been on the fence about the
            nomination trooped to the floor one after another to decry what they called the rush to judg
            ment.

            ' You can

            refer to this kind of behaviour as
            to someone who behaves
            *'ke this as a fence-sitter.

            fence-sitting, and

            At his first press conference there was much
            fence-sitting.
            I have a sense, just from what I've read and
            from talking to people, that there are a lot qf
            fence sitters out there.
            If you say that someone comes off the
            fence, you mean that they at last state their
            opinion about something or show who they
            support. Verbs such as ‘climb' and 'get' can
            be used instead of ‘come'.
            The defeat qf the government in a confidence
            vote on Friday appears to have forced the
            President to come off the fence and support the

            market reformers.
            It is time for us to get off the fence, to speak
            up. and to vote.

            fences
            mend fences

            44

            If you have a difficult relationship with
            someone and you do something to try and improve
            it. you can say that you are trying to
            mend fences with them or mend your fences
            with them.
            Yesterday he was publicly criticised for not
            doing enough to mend fences with his big political
            rival.
            The US, sensing the time is right for a reconciliation
            between Argentina and Britain, is
            nudging them to try to mend their fences.
            You can refer to this process as fencemending.
            King Hussein made

            numerous diplomatic missions.
            He's even now out qf the country on a
            fence-mending mission to the European Community.

            fever
            444
            fever pitch
            If a situation or a feeling reaches fever

            pitch, it becomes very intense and exciting.

            or very desperate.
            Humors of the love affair hit fever pitch in
            the past few days after the pair were seen
            around Sydney
            The grief and outrage provoked by his assas
            sination have heightened tensions in the area
            to fever pitch.
            In the past year, the civil conflict has reached

            a fever pitch.

            fiddle
            on the fiddle
            If someone is on

            the fiddle, they are getting
            money dishonestly, for example by cheating
            with the accounts at work. This expression is
            used in British English.
            A postman earning only £136 a week drove
            around in a Porsche for six months before his
            bosses realised he was on the fiddle.


                evince -p 159 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            field
            The belief in many countries that politicians.
            officials, and businessmen are likely to be on
            the fiddle, whether they are or not. is part of
            the crisis of the system.
            44
            play second fiddle
            If you have to play second fiddle to someone,
            you have to accept that you are less important
            than they are and do not have the
            same status, even though you may resent this.
            The 44-year-old senator will play second fiddle
            to a man who, although of the same political
            generation, has been his clear junior in the
            Democrat hierarchy.
            There is, quite evidently, some resentment
            among health professionals at having to play
            second fiddle in the new structure.
            Both of these cities play second fiddle to London
            on the international stage.
            You can also just say that someone is sec
            ond fiddle.

            I think Caryl would have to admit that we're
            no longer second fiddle to our American cousins.

            field
            have a field day

            tig

            140

            444

            If you say that someone is having a field
            day. you mean that they are taking advantage
            of a situation, especially one which other people
            find upsetting or difficult.
            When the news first broke that the Hubble
            Space Telescope was not working as expected,
            the newspapers had a field day.
            Debt collectors are having a field day in the
            recession.
            Our closeness is observed, of course, but not
            commented upon, at least never to us. In our
            absence the office gossips are probably having

            a field day.
            Field day is used in other structures with
            a similar meaning.
            Conservative sections of the British media enjoyed
            a field day in the aftermath of the incident.
            The Act will undoubtedly provide a field-day
            for lawyers keen to offer advice to agents, with
            members of the public having to bear the brunt
            qf the costs of tighter regulation.
            lead the field
            444
            If you lead the field in an activity or competition,
            you are the best or most successful
            person at it or the most likely to win.
            US and European cyclists predominate and
            usually lead the field. This could be due to
            their hi-tech equipment.
            The Americans continue to lead the field
            when it comes to child actors.
            Sam Torrance led the field after two rounds
            of the Kronenbourg Open at Sato, Italy, and

            his immediate reward was to win his own
            weight in champagne

            left-field
            People use left-field to describe an unusual
            and unconventional performer or piece of entertainment.
            This expression is used mainly
            in British journalism.
            Over the last few years, the most left-field
            films in world cinema have come from Japan.
            Jagged political bite and left-field humour are
            stirred into this unique social commentary.

            out in left field
            out of left field
            If you say that someone or something is out
            in left field or comes out of left field, you
            mean that they are unusual and unconventional.
            These expressions are used mainly in
            American English.
            If the adoption referral needs to be prepared.
            it's not going to be prepared by someone out in
            left field. It's done by the social worker who's
            carrying that case.
            Most of the business tips are common sense,
            but others are right out of left field.

            out of left field
            A question, statement, or event which comes
            out of left field is completely unexpected.
            This expression is used mainly in American
            English.
            ‘You and Brian got married, didn't you?' The
            question came out of left field, but Mary Ann
            wasn't really surprised.
            All the firms we've talked to have indicated
            that they don 't know. This has really come out
            Of left field to most people.
            4
            play the field
            If someone plays the field, they have many
            different romantic or sexual relationships rather
            than staying with one person.
            I'm just playing the field. Dad. Don't worry,
            I'm not thinking of settling down.
            He gave up playing the field and married a
            year ago.
            Kristin stars as a sexy career girl who plays
            the field before setting out to get a handsome
            American in the new BBC1 drama series 'Look
            At It This Way".

            fig
            a fig leaf

            4

            Something which is intended to hide an embarrassing
            or awkward situation can be referred
            to as a fig leaf
            My interpretation is that the pledge to rejoin
            the ERM was a fig leaf, designed to indicate
            that the government's economic strategy was
            not dead but merely sleeping.
            The western world was swift to praise Ameri


                evince -p 160 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            fight
            ca 's intervention,

            behind the fig-leaf of the Unit
            ed Nations in Somalia.

            fight
            a knock-down drag-out fight

            If you describe a debate, argument, or fight
            as a knock-down drag-out fight, you mean
            that it is very serious, emotional, and angry
            or even violent. This expression is used in

            American English.

            Nobody had much of a stomach this year for
            another knock-down, drag-out fight over the
            state budget.
            Adolescents need to know that it is normal
            for people to argue, even if they love one another.
                This doesn't mean that you should engage

            in knock-down, drag-out fights in front of your
            more than you would in front of
            your friends and neighbors.
            children, any

            fill
            44
            have had your fill of something
            If you have had your fill of something, you
            have had as much of it as you can bear, and
            do not want any more.
            By the time she was 29. Sarah had had her
            fill of Peter and married life.
            They have had their fill of war. poverty, and

            repression.

            finders
            finders keepers
            If someone, especially a child, says ‘finders
            keepers' when they find something, they
            mean that they have a right to keep it.
            Although / phoned the club immediately I
            got home and checked again on Saturday, my
            umbrella has not been returned. Obviously.
            someone picked it up and has made no effort to
            find the owner. Finders, keepers.

            fine
            cut it fine
            cut it close
            cut things fine

            4

            If you cut it fine, cut it close, or cut
            things fine when you go somewhere or do
            something, you do not leave much time to get
            there or do it and so you are nearly late.
            ‘This may take a little while, but I'll be right
            behind you.'. ‘Okay,' said Bunbury. ‘But don't
            cut it too fine. '
            They didn't plan to get it to us until six o'
            clock, and that's cutting it a little close.
            They would be cutting things fine, unless they
            nod decided to stay for the night on the island.

            finger

            Li

            hnger

            141

            something which shows their contempt,

            an
            ger, or defiance of you. This is an informal
            expression, which many people consider offen
            sive.
            Barker's personal worth has been put at
            around £30 million, but it could be greater by
            a factor of as much as five if he didn't give the
            finger to most of the commercial opportunities
            that come his way.
            To give someone the finger' also means to
            make a rude and offensive gesture with one
            hand, with the middle finger pointing up and
            the other fingers bent over in a fist.

            have a finger in every pie
            have a finger in the pie
            If you say that someone has a finger in
            every pie, you mean that they are involved

            in many different activities, often in a way
            that you disapprove of. This expression is
            very variable.
            He has a finger in every pie and is never
            short of ideas for making the next buck.
            He was an economist called Clarkson who
            had a finger in a good many pies.
            a If you say that someone has a finger in
            the pie, you mean that they are involved in
            the activity you are talking about.
            Foreign policy is farmed out to a number of
            other departments of the government. Each one
            has its finger in the pie. and the Secretary of
            State simply does not have the authority to pull

            things together.
            They describe 45 governmental and nongovernmental
            organisations with fingers in the
            environmental pie.

            have your finger on the pulse
            keep your finger on the pulse
            have your finger on the button
            44
            If you have your finger on the pulse or
            keep your finger on the pulse, you know all
            the latest information about something or
            have a good understanding of how it works.
            You can also say that you have your finger
            on the button
            Although I'm Scottish, after all these years in
            America I think myself and my editors have
            our finger on the pulse of America
            Experience in the different fields of angling
            helps greatly with the business, as keeping
            your finger on the pulse you can gauge what to
            stock and what will sell.
            Hart is a businessman with his finger on the
            button.

            not lay a finger on someone
            If you say that someone has not

            4

            laid a fin
            ger on another person, you mean that they
            have never hurt that person in any way. If
            you say that someone has not laid a finger


                evince -p 161 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            finger
            on something, you mean that they have never
            touched it.
            One of the men accused qf attacking trucker
            Reginald Denny at the start of the Los Angeles
            riots says he never laid a finger on him.
            ‘If, ' Meg told her quietly, ‘you ever lay a finger
            on me again, I promise you faithfully I'll
            kill you.'
            Diana's son now knows how to use the washing
            machine and refuses to let anyone else lay
            a finger on his rugby shirts and underwear.
            not lift a finger
            44
            not raise a finger
            If you accuse someone of not lifting a finger
            or not raising a finger to do something
            or to help someone, you are criticizing them
            for not doing it or not helping them.
            Courage is what is shown by the men and
            women who are fighting to save their compa
            nies and jobs, not by a Chancellor who refuses
            to lift a finger to help them
            I'm the one who has to clean it all up. She
            wouldn't lift a finger if I didn't beg her
            This is a man who never ever raised a finger
            during the Communist years to protest what

            was going on.
            point the finger at someone
            444
            If you point the finger at someone, you
            blame them for a mistake they have made or
            accuse them of doing something wrong.
            I think you have to point the finger at succes
            sive governments,

            which have really underfund
            ed British Rail for years and years and years

            now.

            One socialist blamed the press for his suicide,
            but some commentators pointed a finger
            at the political establishment.
            You can also say, for example, that you
            point the finger of blame or the finger of
            suspicion at someone.
            It would be easy to point the finger of blame
            at individuals, and dismiss the problem by
            calling them irresponsible and naive.
            When people blame or accuse each other in
            this way, you can refer to this as fingerpointing
            Whether or not the investigation succeeds, it
            is bound to lead to finger pointing and backbit

            mg

            Initially there was considerable finger
            pointing at the government and the police for

            what was assumed to have been a terrible
            breach of security.
            pull your finger out

            get your finger out
            4
            If you tell someone to pull their finger out
            or get their finger out. you are telling them
            rudely to start working harder or to start

            dealing with something. This expression is
            used in British English.

            nngers

            142

            If anything violent happens, it happens here
            first. If Bexley Council had any sense they

            would pull their finger out and shut the place
            down
            I have told them to get their fingers out and
            start winning games. We haven't had a victory
            for eight matches and it's not good enough.
            put the finger on someone
            If you put the finger on a particular person,
            you tell someone in authority that the
            person has done something wrong or illegal.
            This expression is used mainly in novels.
            It's not like we put the finger on someone
            real, Janie. Nobody is suffering because of
            what we told that detective.

            put your finger on something
            444
            If you put your finger on something, for example
            the cause of a problem or the answer
            to a question, you realize what it is and identify
            it. If you cannot see the cause of a problem
            or the answer to a question, you can say
            that you can't put your finger on it.
            He put his finger on a major weakness qf its
            education policy when he said that the country
            needed improved education, not perpetual ex
            perimentation.
            He had thought that Houston would have arrived
            at that solution first, but, no. it was Dr.
            Stockton who had put his finger on the truth.
            Had they known each other as children ? At
            school? She couldn't pul her finger on it.
            twist someone around your little finger

            wrap

            someone around your little

            finger
            If you say that you can twist someone
            around your little finger or wrap them
            around your little finger, you mean that you
            can make them do anything you want them
            to Other verbs are sometimes used instead of

            'twist' or ‘wrap'.
            Anna is not the brightest person in the world.
            but she would know exactly how to twist him
            around her little finger.
            A child who is spoilt is able to wrap her parents
            around her little finger
            I didn't think there was a man in the world
            you were afraid of, Christabel, or one you
            couldn't wind around your finger.

            fingers

            count something on the fingers of one
            hand
            count something on your fingers

            4

            You say that you can count things on the
            fingers of one hand or count them on your
            fingers to emphasize that there are surprisingly
            few of them.
            The jobs advertised each year could be counted
            on the fingers of one hand
            She was a really nice woman but hardly ever


                evince -p 162 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            fingers
            spoke to anyone. In the six years I have known
            ),er I could count on my fingers the number of
            limes we have spoken.
            get your fingers burned
            burn your fingers
            If you get your fingers burned or burn

            your fingers when you try do something, it
            goes wrong, and there are very unpleasant

            consequences for you, so that you feel nerv
            ous about

            trying again

            The government, after getting its fingers
            burned so badly, will surely not want to make
            the same mistake again.
            In St Petersburg, several hundred thousand
            people recently burned their fingers when two
            investment funds turned out to be run by

            crooks.

            44
            have green fingers
            If you say that someone has green fingers,
            you mean that they are very good at gardening.
            This expression is used in British English;
            the American expression is have a
            green thumb.
            Part of a splendid 1837 house, their home is
            just a mile or so from Toxteth with a pretty
            garden. 'My husband has green fingers.' says
            Mrs Andrews.
            Propagating is a skill as well as an art, so
            even if you were not born with green fingers
            you can easily learn a few simple techniques to

            help you achieve success.
            You can describe someone who is good at
            gardening as green-fingered.
            Even if you're not green-fingered you can put
            on a stunning show of flowers right through
            summer and beyond.

            itchy fingers
            If you have itchy fingers, you are very keen
            to get involved in a particular activity. This
            expression is used mainly in British English.
            I went into town to watch people playing
            chess. After a few days of this l started getting
            itchy fingers I didn't dare ask my family for
            money, but I made a chess set for myself out of
            cardboard and took it to school to play with
            keep your fingers crossed
            cross your fingers
            fingers crossed
            <<<
            If you say that you are keeping your fingers
            crossed or are crossing your fingers,
            you mean that you are hoping for luck or success
            in something.
            I will be keeping my fingers crossed that
            everything goes well.
            We all cross our fingers and hope it never
            happens. But if long-term illness struck tomorvow, could you keep paying the bills7
            c People say ‘fingers crossed' when they are
            Wishing someone good luck.
            You can take your chance and turn up on the

            L

            fingertips

            143

            night Fingers crossed you might be able to get

            m
            People sometimes actually cross their middle
            finger over their index finger when they
            use this expression or are wishing someone
            good luck.
            slip through your fingers
            If you let something slip through your fingers,
            especially something good, you fail to
            get it or keep it.

            If your income is greater than your expenses,
            count yourself lucky - and don't let it slip
            through your fingers / Hire a good investment
            counselor and keep your money safe.
            You mustn't allow a golden opportunity to
            slip through your fingers or you will regret it
            later.
            work your fingers to the bone
            If you talk about someone having to work
            their fingers to the bone, you mean that
            they have to work extremely hard.
            What sort cf life is this if, like a miner, you
            work your fingers to the bone?
            I married him when I was fifteen and have
            borne him sons. I have washed, cooked, fetched
            and carried all my life. I worked my fingers to
            the bone in his house.
            fingertips
            at your fingertips:1
            If you have something at your fingertips, it
            is readily available for you to use or reach.
            All basic controls are at your fingertips for
            straightforward, no fuss operation.
            Far from being tied, Anita Roddick has the
            kind of freedom at her fingertips that would
            drive most of us into a lather of anticipation.

            at your fingertips: 2

            <

            If you have facts or information at your
            fingertips, you know them thoroughly and
            can refer to them quickly.
            She is well-trained, having attended courses
            in Moscow, she has figures about the perfor
            mance of her business at her fingertips, and
            she has no desire to see her enterprise privatised.
            He wanted to know all about his latest projects,
            so that the correct answers were at his
            fingertips when he was questioned by the right
            people.

            hang on by your fingertips
            hang on by your fingernails
            <
            In a difficult situation, if you are hanging
            on by your fingertips or hanging on by
            your fingernails, you are managing to survive
            or to stay in the position you want to,
            but you are always in danger of failing. You
            can replace ‘hang' with ‘cling'.
            This will cost the business community one bil

                evince -p 163 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            fire
            lion pounds a year in interest payments alone.
            There are firms already hanging on by their
            fingertips who will not be able to take this.
            Beal Madrid's poor start to the season has
            left coach Benito Flora hanging on to his job
            by his fingernails.
            Every so often, a minister teeters on the edge
            of resignation. Some jump, some are kicked
            and some cling on by their fingernails.
            You can also say that someone has a
            fingertip hold on something.
            A Bolton own goal early in the second half
            gave Liverpool, who were two goals behind at
            half-time, the fingertip hold they needed to retain
            their grasp of the FA Cup.

            fire
            breathe fire

            will bankrupt the
            Social Security system by the year 2005.
            fight fire with fire
            •4
            If you fight fire with fire, you use the same
            methods of fighting and the same amount of
            force as your opponent. Other verbs such as
            ‘meet' or ‘match' are sometimes used instead
            of 'fight'.
            The chancellor answered by fighting fire with
            fire. In a letter he attacked Mr Broum for
            'wasting so much time and energy on an issue
            which is totally irrelevant to the concerns of
            the British people'
            Down here it is essential to adapt to conditions
            and meet fire with fire. We have the ability
            to play any style when required
            administration, which says it

            fire in your belly
            4

            If you say that someone is breathing fire
            about something, you are emphasizing that
            they are very angry about it.
            Senators, who for months have breathed fire
            about the need for tougher American trade
            policies, have meekly endorsed the president's
            request.
            One Democratic legislator who was breathing
            fire over the Weinberger indictment yesterday
            was Brooks.

            catch fire
            If something such as an event or performance
            catches fire, it becomes exciting, entertaining,
            and enjoyable.

            Some fans of the book may feel Streisand has
            done it justice, but the film never quite catches

            fire

            The play only really catches fire once
            Aschenbach falls in love.

            come under fire
            44-4
            be under fire
            If someone or something has come under
            fire or is under fire, they are being strongly

            criticized.
            The president's plan first came under fire
            from critics who said he didn't include enough
            spending cuts.
            Britain's prisons are underfire from an inter
            national human rights group.
            O This expression is more commonly used lit
            erally to talk about a situation where someone
            is actually being fired at.

            draw someone's fire

            fire

            144

            4

            If you draw someone's fire, you do or say
            something which makes them strongly criticize
            you.
            Their first substantial work was the flats at
            Ham Common in 1957. This immediately drew
            the fire of the architectural establishment.
            Moynihan's plan to cut the Social Security
            payroll tax has already drawn fire from the

            4

            If you say that someone does something
            with fire in their belly or with fire in the
            belly, you mean that they do it in a very en
            thusiastic. energetic, and passionate way
            Some people claim he has changed his style,

            but Ian has played with fire in his belly
            throughout his career. He would not be the
            same without the aggressive streak.
            The trouble with Jack. Ann says, is also
            what attracted her to him: the absence of a fire
            in the belly ' about his work.

            hang fire
            If someone hangs fire, they wait and do not
            do anything for a while. If something hangs
            fire, nothing is done about it for a while.
            Banks and building societies are hanging fire
            on interest rates to see how the French vote in
            their referendum
            It is now imperative that a number of policy
            initiatives, which have been hanging fire for
            some time, should be implemented.

            hold your fire
            hold fire

            4

            If you hold your fire or hold fire, you delay
            doing something, for example attacking or
            criticizing someone, because you are waiting
            to see what will happen
            The administration will hold its fire until it
            sees the detail af the bill, but is likely then to
            oppose U
            We are holding fire on our assessment af
            situation until a detailed analysis can be made

            after a

            longer period.

            This expression is more commonly used literally
            to talk about a situation where soldiers
            stop shooting, or wait before they start shootQ

            ing
            4
            light a fire under someone
            If you light a fire under someone, you force
            them to take action or to start behaving in
            the way you want. This expression is used

            mainly in American English.


                evince -p 164 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            fish

            fish

            145

            They need to crank up their technical relight
            a fire under their marketing

            search and

            a cold fish

            4

            products is

            If you refer to someone as a cold fish, you
            mean that they seem unemotional, and this
            makes them appear unfriendly car unsympa
            Johnson told Sage to call Shearson and light
            a fire under Project Stretch.
            44
            play with fire
            If you accuse someone of playing with fire,
            you are warning that they are behaving in a
            very risky way and are likely to have prob
            thetic.
            Since the President is generally seen as a cold
            fish, it is all the more impressive when he does
            show his feelings.
            He didn1 really show much emotion - he is a
            bit of a cold fish.

            lems.
            It is the Government that is playing with fire.
            it will cause civil
            If it carries on in this way, Party.
            war within the Conservative
            Schulte warned government and industrial
            leaders that those who even venture to think
            about mass layoffs are playing with fire.

            drink like a fish
            If you say that someone drinks like a fish.

            force because their stream of new
            too slow.

            fish

            a fish out of water

            a big fish

            44

            If you refer to someone as a big fish, you
            they are important or powerful.
            In the Seventies three MPs became embroiled
            in a scandal surrounding the corrupt activities
            of a Pontefract architect called John Poulson.
            Two of them were nonentities, the third was a
            very big fish indeed
            The four who were arrested here last September
            were described as really big fish by the

            mean that

            U.S. Drug Enforcement Agency.
            a big fish in a small pond
            a big frog in a small pond
            4
            If you refer to someone as a big fish in a
            small pond, you mean that they are one of
            the most important and influential people in a
            small organization or social group. You often
            use this expression to suggest that they would
            be less important or interesting if they were
            part of a larger organization or group. This
            expression is very variable. In American Eng
            lish, you can also talk about a big frog in a
            small pond, with the same meaning.
            In Rhodesia I was a big fish in a small pond
            But here there 'd be many lean years before I
            built up a reputation.
            As a large fish in a small pond. Smith found
            it easy to dominate

            Australia.

            fashion

            photography in

            Being a big fish in a tiny, stagnant pool
            clearly gives controversial columnists ideas way
            above their station.
            O You can refer to someone as a small fish
            In a big pond if they are not very important
            or influential because they are part of a much
            larger organization or social group.
            I was used to being a big fish in a small
            Pond. Now I'm the smallest fish in a very big
            Pond. But that has its own advantages because
            11 stretches you as a designer to try to achieve

            more.

            you mean that they regularly drink a lot of alcohol.
            When I was younger l could drink like a fish
            and eat like a pig.
            The father was not too bad but the mother
            drank like a fish
            4

            If you feel like a fish out of water, you feel
            awkward or ill at ease because you are in an
            unfamiliar situation or surroundings
            I think he thought cf himself as a country
            gentleman and was like a fish out </ water in
            Birmingham.

            It's not as if I had any obvious trauma in
            life: I just felt like a fish out of water.

            my

            You can use fish-out-of-water before a
            noun, to describe a situation where someone
            feels awkward or uncomfortable.
            The fish-out-of water feeling continued when
            she went to study in Cambridge, having already
            spent two years working in Africa.
            have other fish to fry
            4
            have bigger fish to fry
            If you say that someone is not interested in
            something because they have other fish to
            fry or have bigger fish to fry, you mean
            that they are not interested because they have
            more important, interesting, or profitable
            things to do.
            I didn't pursue it in detail because I'm afraid
            I had other fish to fry at the time.
            Although she nearly lost her temper with
            Baker, Linda Robinson tried to avoid wasting
            time on bureaucratic squabbling She had bigger
            fish to fry.
            This phrase is often varied. For example, if
            someone has their own fish to fry. they are
            not interested in doing something because
            they have business of their own to attend to.
            Tony comes and goes. He's got his own fish to
            fry, as they say.
            Q

            like shooting fish in a barrel
            If you say that a battle or contest is like
            shooting fish in a barrel, you mean that one
            side is so much stronger than the other that
            the weaker side has no chance at all of winning.


                evince -p 165 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            fishing
            I heard one case where some of the enemy soldiers
            had come out and they were saying it
            was like shooting fish in a barrel.
            While Taylor insists that he is not treating
            this game as a one-off opportunity to shoot fish
            in a barrel, he is well aware of the necessity
            for his players to take a high proportion of the
            chances that are bound to arise.

            neither fish nor fowl

            4

            If you say that something or someone is neither
            fish nor fowl, you mean that they are
            difficult to identify, classify, or understand,
            because they seem partly one thing and partly
            another. People occasionally replace ‘fish'
            with ‘flesh'.
            Brunei's vessel was neither fish nor fowl: a
            passenger liner too ugly and dirty to offer
            much beyond novelty value.
            By the mid-1980s. Canada had a constitution
            that was neither fish nor fowl in terms of political
            philosophy.
            He thought of that young man Corsari, neither
            flesh nor fowl, who had made a friend of
            both girls.

            there arc plenty more fish in the sea
            there are other fish in the sea
            If your romance or love affair has ended and
            someone says to you ‘there are plenty more
            fish in the sea' or ‘there are other fish in
            the sea', they are trying to comfort you by
            pointing out that there are still many other
            people who you might have a successful rela
            tionship with in the future.
            If your daughter is upset because her boyfriend
            left her. declaring cheerfully 'There are
            other fish in the sea' won't help.
            Never mind, he says, there are plenty more
            fish in the sea.

            fishing

            a fishing expedition

            4

            If you are on a fishing expedition, you are
            trying to find out the truth or the facts about
            something, often in a secretive way. This expression
            is used mainly in American English.
            You know why you're here. You're on a fishing
            expedition. You're hunting for material.
            He was asked whether Wilkey was engaged in
            a fishing expedition aimed at politically embarrassing
            the House.

            fist
            an iron fist
            an iron fist in a velvet glove

            fits

            146

            iron fist for more than half </ its independent
            existence
            The symbol of their rule was not so much the
            iron fist of repression as the queues and empty
            shelves of a pathetically failing economy.
            You can talk about an iron fist in a velvet
            glove when someone actually uses a lot of
            force although they give the appearance of being
            caring or gentle.
            If a kid isn't paying attention then he probably
            has more pressing things to think about
            While the team is inherently sympathetic, the
            iron fist in the velvet glove approach is occasionally
            employed

            fit
            fighting fit
            If someone

            4

            fighting fit. they are very
            healthy and feel very well and in the right
            condition to deal with a difficult task This expression
            is used in British English.
            Nathan is now fighting fit and ready to tackle
            school again after his three month battle for
            1,/C
            For most of us the balance is not perfect, one
            day we feel fighting fit. the next a bit under the
            weather
            is

            fit as a fiddle
            fit as a flea

            4

            If you say that someone is fit as a fiddle or
            fit as a fiea, you mean that they are very fit
            and healthy. 'Fit as a flea' is used only in
            British English.
            He was nearly 80 and fit as a fiddle. His
            death was out of the blue, and I felt devastated.
            I'm as fit as a fiddle, I'm never ill, / have an

            won constitution.

            He will want to make up for time lost He is
            young enough at 33 and fit as a flea. He's a
            brilliant goalkeeper, no different from when I
            signed him as a teenager for Aberdeen, just
            more experienced.

            fit to be tied
            If you are fit to be tied, you are very angry.
            This expression is used mainly in American
            English.
            After the Christmas holidays, one patient was
            fit to be tied She was angry at having to cook
            all the foods she couldn ‘t eat
            Douglas was fit to be tied He almost killed
            Harry He made Harry pay back every last pen
            ny

            fits
            44

            If you say that someone controls a situation
            with an iron fist, you mean that they do it
            with great force, often without regard to other
            people's welfare.

            The Generals have ruled the nation with an

            in fits and starts

            44

            If something happens or is done in fits and
            starts, it does not happen continuously, but
            regularly stops and then starts again.
            The employment picture had been improving
            in fits and starts during the past several


                evince -p 166 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            fix
            months, and most economists had been predict

            more improvement for June. But that
            didn't happen.
            Denise's career plans can only proceed in fits
            ing

            and starts.

            At dawn, after a number of fits and starts,
            the convoy finally approaches Baidoa.

            fix
            no quick fix

            '444

            If you say that there is no quick fix to a
            problem, you mean there are no simple ways

            of solving it.
            There can be no quick fix for public spend
            ing If the recovery fails to cut the deficit sharply.
            a rise in taxes will be needed.
            Any tax measures enacted now os a quick fix
            would only be reversed in a few years when the
            economy picks up.
            You can also use quick-fix before a noun.
            The fight against crime is not a quick-fix operation.
            It has to be total and relentless. IVe
            are pursuing a combination of short, long and
            medium term measures.
            He warned Congress against any quick fix solutions
            to get the economy moving.

            flag
            fly the flag

            flame

            147

            444

            If you fly the flag for your country or a
            group to which you belong, you represent it
            at a sporting event or at some other special
            occasion, or you do something to show your
            support for it. Verbs such as ‘carry' and
            'show' are sometimes used instead of ‘fly'.
            It doesn't matter whether you are flying the
            flag for your country, or the Horse Trials
            Group, or your sponsor, the image you present
            is all-important.
            The Kuwaiti team however have made many
            friends. They won no medals, but said they
            were only in Peking to show the flag.
            He believed in the sacred power cf great mu
            sic: he felt that he was carrying the flag of
            high culture, speaking of lofty truths to an edu
            cated elite.
            keep the flag flying
            If you keep the flag flying, you do something
            to show your support for a group to
            which you belong, or to show your support
            for something that you agree with.
            / would ask members to keep the flag flying

            by entering some of their plants in both shows.
            It's important that artists say that they have
            on entirely different opinion and that they will
            keep the flag of tolerance flying.
            a red flag
            4
            You can refer to something that gives a
            warning of a bad or dangerous situation or
            event as a red flag. This expression is more

            commonly used in American English than
            British. Compare a red flag before a bull;

            see bull.
            These are devices that are necessary components
            of nuclear weapons, and clearly that has
            raised a red flag in the minds of a lot of peo
            ple

            I have never seen a set of financial statements
            that showed more red flags and raised more
            questions in my life.
            Cholesterol was the red flag that alerted millions
            of Americans to the fact that diet really
            does matter.

            wrap yourself in the Bag
            drape yourself in the flag
            4
            If you say that someone, especially a politician,
            is wrapping themselves in the flag or
            is draping themselves in the flag of their
            country, you are criticizing them for trying to
            do something for their own advantage while
            pretending to do it for the good of their country.
            These expressions are used mainly in
            American English.
            Politicians always try to wrap themselves ui
            the flag on Independence Day, but I think most
            people can see through that.
            Mr. Doherty also chastised advertisers for
            fighting proposed cigarette ad restrictions by
            draping themselves in the flag and lecturing
            about their First Amendment freedoms of
            speech.

            flagpole

            run something up the flagpole
            If you run a new idea up the flagpole, you
            suggest it to people in order to find out what
            they think of it.
            The President should consider running the
            capital-gains cut back up the flagpole.

            flags
            put the flags out
            If you put the flags out or put out the
            flags, you celebrate something special that
            has happened. This expression is used in British
            English.
            Even now, they must be putting the flags out
            in beleaguered British holiday resorts like Bog
            nor and Blackpool.
            Birthdays and christenings, or just a spell of
            good weather, are all the excuse you need to
            put out the flags and celebrate summer in the
            garden.

            flame
            an old flame

            444

            An old flame is someone who you had a romantic
            relationship with in the past.
            Last week Alec was seen dining with his old
            flame Janine Turner in New York.


                evince -p 167 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            flames
            Julia Samuel was one of Prince Andrew's old
            flames but went on to marry a businessman.
            What do you do when he continues to nurse a
            passion for an old flame from his past?

            flames
            fan the flames

            44

            If something that someone says or does fans
            the flames, it makes a bad situation worse.
            Add fuel to the fire means the same.
            The mayor's creation of a commission to investigate
            police corruption further fanned the
            flames of resentment that finally exploded into
            race hatred
            Extremist organisations in the west were actively
            fanning the flames in the east, he said.

            go up in flames
            go down in flames

            4

            If something goes up in fiames or goes
            down in flames, it fails or comes to an end,

            or is destroyed completely.

            The Hollywood she'd known had gone up in

            flames the day she left A new Hollywood and a

            new Washington had grown up.
            Lineker. Taylor and the whole of England

            will be hoping England's Championship dream
            does not go up in flames, too.
            On May 1st. the proposal went down in

            flames.

            The expression go up in fiames is more
            commonly used literally to talk about something
            being destroyed by fire.
            The building went up in flames.

            4
            shoot down in flames
            If an idea or plan is shot down in flames,
            it is criticized strongly or rejected completely.
            Just six months ago his idea would have

            been shot down in flames for its sheer lunacy.
            Let me shoot down in flames this concept that
            some bureaucracy in our government will block
            this initiative.
            If you are shot down in flames, you are
            severely criticized or made to look foolish for
            something that you have done or suggested.
            Weren 't this band the band of the month last
            month? And now they're just shot down in

            flames.

            I know damn well they'll probably shoot me
            down in flames and come out with a load of

            excuses.

            flash
            flash in the pan
            44
            If you say that an achievement or success is
            a flash in the pan. you mean that it is unlikely
            to be repeated or to last. If you say that
            someone who has had a success is a flash in
            the pan, you mean that their success is unlikely
            to be repeated.

            flat-footed

            146

            In the days following Beckon's victory, the
            British establishment has gone out of Us way
            to try and dismiss the result as a flash in the
            pan.
            Hopefully now I'll be taken seriously. I'm not
            a flash in the pan
            You can use flash-in-the-pan before a

            noun.
            It's a marvellous follow-up to Cole's promising
            debut play, and one so different in conception,
            style and tone that it suggests hers is no
            flash-in-the-pan talent, but a major and mature

            new voice.

            flat
            fall flat: 1

            444

            If an event or an attempt to do something
            falls flat, it is completely unsuccessful.
            Murray warns that if the efforts fall flat and
            the economic situation does not change, this
            city can expect another riot 25 years from now.
            The champagne opening of a new art gallery
            fell flat when the boss's wife fired a cork
            straight through the most expensive painting
            on show.

            fall flat: 2
            If a joke falls fiat, nobody thinks it is funny.
            He then started trying to tell jokes to the assembled
            gathering. These too fell flat
            4
            fall flat on your face
            If you say that someone falls fiat on their
            face when they try to do something, you
            mean that they fail or make an embarrassing

            mistake.
            / may fall flat on my face or it may be a glorious
            end to my career.
            Every so often the film trips over itself and

            falls flat on its face.
            flat as a pancake

            4

            If you say that something is as fiat as a
            pancake, you are emphasizing that it is very
            flat

            There was barely a breeze and the water was
            as flat as a pancake.
            Could he really put up interest rates now?
            With the economy flat as a pancake and the
            housing market in crisis?

            flat-footed
            4
            catch someone flat-footed
            If someone is caught or left flat-footed,
            they are put at a disadvantage when something
            happens which they do not expect, with
            the result that they do not know what to do
            next and often look clumsy or foolish.
            'The people around were caught flat-footed,
            said Mr Enko 'Nobody expected floods of such

            magnitude. '


                evince -p 168 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            flavour
            Pentland had

            flesh

            149

            agreed to buy Adidas but

            pulled out of the deal suddenly last week leaving
            the French millionaire flat-footed.

            flavour
            flavour of the month

            44-4

            If you say that someone or something is flavour
            of the month, you mean that they are
            currently very popular. This expression is of
            ten used to suggest in a critical way that peo
            ple change their opinions very frequently, so
            that the people or things that are popular now
            are unlikely to stay popular for very long.
            This expression is used mainly in British
            English.
            I've been around long enough to know you
            can be flavour of the month and then out of

            fashion.

            At the moment the flavour of the month is the

            fixed-rate loan.
            Talk to film stars

            these days, and the odds
            are they'll be declaring an unprecedented interest
            in the destruction of the rainforests, in animal
            rights, in AIDS awareness, or whatever
            cause is the latest flavour cf the month in celebrity
            circles.
            Instead of ‘month', you can mention other
            periods of time such as 'year', 'week', or ‘moment'.
            Monetarism was the flavour of the year.
            Suddenly, he was flavour of the moment on

            both sides of the Atlantic.
            'Flavour' is spelled 'flavor' in American

            English

            flea
            a flea in your ear

            4

            If someone sends you away with a flea in
            your ear, they angrily reject your suggestions
            or attempts to do something. This expression
            is used in British English
            I was prepared to be met with hostility as another
            nosy outsider, even to be sent off with a
            flea in my ear. But Moira was happy to chat.
            The clerk refused to serve her, saying that for
            oil he knew she could be the maid. She was
            forced to return later with her husband, who
            gave the clerk a large flea in his ear.

            flesh
            flesh and blood: I

            44

            If you say that someone is your own flesh
            and blood, you are emphasizing that they are
            a member of your family, and so you must
            help them when they are in trouble.
            The kid. after all. was his own flesh and
            blood. He deserved a second chance.
            'Ton can't just let your own flesh and blood
            ko to prison if there's any way you can help.

            He's my flesh and blood. I'll stick by him
            whatever he does.

            flesh and blood: 2
            4
            If you say that someone is flesh and blood,
            you are emphasizing that they have human
            feelings or weaknesses, and that they are not
            perfect.

            I'm flesh and blood like everyone else and I,
            too, can be damaged.
            Wie priests are mere flesh and blood In fact
            we're often even weaker than others.

            flesh and blood: 3

            4

            If you describe someone as a flesh and
            blood person, you are emphasizing that they
            are real and actually exist, rather than being
            part of someone's imagination.
            His absence ever since her second birthday
            made her think of him as a picture rather than
            a flesh-andblood father.

            He was the first writer since Shakespeare to
            make history live, to show his readers that the
            past was peopled by' flesh and blood human beings
            very like themselves.

            in the flesh

            444

            If you meet or see someone famous in the
            flesh, you actually meet or see them, rather
            than, for example, seeing them in a film or on
            television.
            But what does Jamie think of his hero now,
            having met him in the flesh?
            He was hurrying though he wasn't late for
            our meeting. I was early. I'd been impatient to
            see him in the flesh
            It was strange to see in the flesh a man
            whose name and face had been almost as familiar
            to me as that of Churchill or Hitler.

            make your flesh creep
            make your flesh crawl
            4
            If you say that something makes your flesh
            creep or makes your flesh crawl, you mean
            that you find it unpleasant and it makes you
            frightened, distressed, or uncomfortable.
            Make your skin crawl means the same.
            I didn't like him the first time I set eyes on
            him and now I know why. He made my flesh
            creep.
            This novel has moments to make the flesh

            creep.
            I could see nobody. But they could see me. It
            made my flesh crawl They were watching, perhaps
            through rifle sights.

            put flesh on something
            put flesh on the bones of something 4
            If you put flesh on something or put flesh
            on the bones of something, you add more detailed
            information or more substance to it.
            The central bankers' blueprint is nevertheless
            the first clear picture of what a central bank

                evince -p 169 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            flick
            ing system would look like and puts flesh on
            the European vision of monetary integration.

            What would a Middle East at peace actually
            look like? Somebody needs to start putting flesh
            on those bones.

            flick
            give someone the flick
            give someone the flick pass
            If you give someone or something the flick
            or if you give them the flick pass, you reject
            them or get rid of them. These expressions
            are used mainly in Australian English.
            Nikki has given Brandon the flick.
            Adrian Brunker plans to give work the flick
            pass by the time he hits 30. He reckons that
            will give him more time to play golf.

            flies
            drop like flies: 1
            If you say that people are dropping like
            flies, you mean that large numbers of them
            are dying within a short period of time.
            usually for the same reason.
            Relief officials say two-thirds of the seven million
            population are at risk. 'What we are seeing
            is the complete elimination of a nation.
            They are dropping like flies. '
            Meanwhile Burketown was left without a police
            officer while people dropped like flies.
            drop like flies: 2
            If you say that large numbers of similar
            things are dropping like flies, you mean that
            they are all failing, within a short period of
            time.
            While other retailers are dropping like flies.
            supermarkets are making fat profits
            We will see interest payments on the national
            debt greater than total income taxes collected,
            our nation in a steady state of stagnation, and
            cities dropping like flies into bankruptcy.

            there are no flies on someone
            If you say there are no flies on someone,
            you mean that they are quick to understand a
            situation and are not easily deceived.
            You have to establish that you are an officer
            with good and tried soldiers; there are no flies
            on them.

            flight

            a flight of fancy

            floor

            150

            444

            If you refer to an idea, statement, or plan as
            a flight of fancy, you mean that it is imaginative
            and pleasant to think about but not at
            all practical.
            But their claim to be best-placed to coordinate
            such research will he credible only if
            they avoid the flights of fancy that have
            marked the past few years.

            Completely restored steam trains run a service
            to Wootton, allowing transport enthusiasts
            to indulge in flights of fancy about the Victorian
            era of steam.
            This is no flight of fancy. The prototype is already
            flying, and production is to begin next
            year.

            flip
            flip your lid
            flip your wig
            4
            If someone flips their lid or flips their wig.
            they become extremely angry or upset about
            something, and lose control of themselves.
            'Boy, you are brave.' she said, stroking the
            of grownups flip their lids
            when you clean a cut like this. '
            There were always ominous undercurrents
            underlying Greg Ackell's pop songs, but never
            before have they seemed quite this sinister.
            Maybe it was the break up qf the old group
            that finally made him flip his wig.
            bleeding cut. 'A lot

            floodgates
            open the floodgates
            444
            the floodgates open
            If an event, action, or decision opens the
            floodgates to something, it makes it possible
            or likely that a particular thing will be done

            by many people, perhaps in a way that seems
            undesirable. You can also say that the flood
            gates open.
            Giving in to the strikers' demands, government
            ministers said, would open the floodgates
            to demands by workers in other large stateowned industries like textiles and mining
            The floodgates were opened yesterday for
            cheaper new cars for thousands of motorists
            Laws preventing drivers from buying vehicles
            from abroad at knockdown prices without severe
            tax penalties were swept aside.
            Chinese factories, office blocks and power stations
            are rising as fast as UK firms are going
            bust and when the trade floodgates open, the
            Chinese will be hotfoot to their airports.

            floor
            4
            through the floor
            If prices or values have fallen through the
            floor, they have suddenly decreased to a very

            low level.
            Property prices have dropped through the

            floor.

            On the fateful day. Oct. 19. the value of those
            stocks fell through the floor.
            4
            wipe the floor with someone
            If you wipe the floor with someone, you
            prove that you are much better than they are
            at doing something, or you defeat them totally
            in a competition, fight, or discussion.

            I
            I
            I


                evince -p 170 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            flow
            When you play against people whose tech
            nique is superior and who can match your
            courage and commitment, they're going to wipe

            the floor with you.
            If he could wipe the floor with the Prime Minister
            on his first outing as opposition leader,
            just imagine what he will be able to do with a
            bit of practice.

            flow
            go with the flow

            44

            If you go with the flow, you let things happen
            to you or let other people tell you what to
            do, rather than trying to control what happens
                yourself.
            / didn't choose to become president. It was
            just the natural flow of things. I went along
            with the flow and accepted the decision of the
            others.
            This year I'm going to take a deep breath,
            leave my troubles and tension in the departure
            lounge and go with the flow.

            in fUll flow: 1
            in fUll flood
            in fUll spate

            44

            If you say that an activity, or the person
            who is performing the activity, is in full
            flow, you mean that the activity has started
            and is being carried out with a great deal of
            energy and enthusiasm. You can also say that
            someone or something is in full flood or in
            full spate In full flood' is the only form
            which is used in American English.
            When she's in full flow, she usually starts
            around 7pm, breaks for dinner, then works
            late, sometimes right through the night till
            6am.
            The rhythm is always crucial so to hear the
            drum and bass of the Barrett brothers in full
            flow is a real treat for long-time fans.
            By 1944-45 he was in full flow, scoring in
            twelve successive matches and totalling twentyseven goals in this sequence.
            The military have been taking the lead in the
            reactionary right-wing offensive, which has
            been in full flood now for about three months.
            With family life in full spate, there were
            nevertheless some times of quiet domesticity.

            in full flow: 2
            If someone is in full flow, they are talking
            fluently and easily, and seem likely to con
            tinue for some time. This expression is used
            in British English.
            Jarvis parked in his usual place and came
            through the main door A male voice was in
            full flow in the lounge.
            As he jumped out cf his pick up. Mark
            Mueller was already in full flow, telling me
            how he had been the first to know the movie
            men were hack in town

            L

            iiy

            151

            fly
            the fly in the ointment
            4
            If you refer to someone or something as the
            fly in the ointment, you mean that they are
            the person or thing that prevents a situation
            from being as successful or happy as it otherwise
            would be.
            The only flies in the ointment were the older
            boys, who objected to the character of their
            school changing. They did not care much for
            Mr Cope's new rules.
            The only fly in the ointment is the enormous
            debt portfolios of Marine Midland in Latin
            America.
            If he was aware of Roger Denny as a fly in
            the domestic ointment, he showed no sign.

            a fly on the wall

            44

            If you say that you would like to be a fly on
            the wall when a particular thing happens,
            you mean that you would like to hear what is
            said or to see what happens, although this is
            actually impossible because it will take place
            in private and you cannot be there.
            I'd love to be a fly on the wall at their team
            meetings
            What I'd give to be a fly on the wall when
            Draper finds out what's happened to his precious
            cargo!
            You can use fly-on-the-wall to describe
            something such as a documentary film, where
            the makers of the film record everything that
            happens in an unobtrusive way, so that the
            film seems as accurate and natural as pos
            sible.
            Thursday night should mean compulsory
            viewing of Sylvania Waters, which if anyone
            doesn't already know, is the BBC's fly-on-thewall real life family documentary.
            I'd love to work as the personal photographer
            of a rock star for a year, documenting their life
            on the road from a fly-on the wall perspective.

            like a blue-arsed fly
            If you do something like a blue-arsed fly,
            you do it very quickly and without having
            much control. This is a very informal expression,
            which is used in British English. Some
            people find it offensive.
            I ran around like a blue-arsed fly, packed two
            suitcases and a trunk, and left everything else.

            on the fly

            <
            If you do something on the fiy, you do it
            quickly and automatically, without thinking
            about it or planning it in advance.
            The negotiation has been passed out of the
            hands of the diplomats into the hands cf the
            politicians, people who can make decisions on
            the fly and don't have to phone home to their
            boss.
            This gives architects and designers the power


                evince -p 171 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            food

            toot

            152

            to build an environment, explore it and maybe
            do some designing on the fly.
            wouldn't hurt a fly
            wouldn't harm a fly
            *
            If you say that someone wouldn't hurt a
            fly or wouldn't harm a fly. you mean that
            they are very kind and gentle.
            He is, he insists, a pacifist, who would not
            hurt a fly.
            She was such a lovely girl, who would not
            have harmed a fly.

            food
            food for thought

            444

            If something gives you food for thought, it
            makes you think very hard about an issue.
            / am not a religious person, but knowing
            what a good and faithful servant my friend
            has been, it has certainly given me food for
            thought.

            This event also provided the international selection
            committee with encouragement and
            some food for thought when it meets to discuss
            the team

            fool
            a fool and his money are soon parted
            People say ‘a fool and his money are soon
            parted' to point out that it is easy to persuade
            someone who is not sensible to spend

            their money on worthless things. This expression
            is very variable.
            They can be charming no one is better at
            parting a fool from his money but as the picture
            opens, they're a little desperate.

            -

            fool's gold
            If you say that a plan for making money is
            fool's gold, you mean that it would be foolish
            to carry it out because you are sure that it
            will fail.
            The Chancellor dismissed as ‘pure fool's gold'
            the idea that devaluing the pound could assist
            the British economy.
            All we wanted was an honourable settlement.
            He chose to go after fool's gold and lost.
            D Fool's gold is a gold-coloured mineral that
            is found in rock and that people sometimes
            mistake for gold.

            live in a fool's paradise
            If you say that someone is living in a fool's
            paradise, you are criticizing them for believing
            wrongly and stupidly that their situation
            is good, when really it is not.
            But anyone who believes that this deal heralds
            a golden new era for the long-suffering
            European air traveller is living in a fool's
            paradise. The struggle has only just begun.
            Parents live in a fool's paradise when it
            comes to drugs. More than 90 per cent refuse to

            accept that their child would take drugs, but a

            third think their children's friends do.

            fools
            fools rush in where angels fear to
            tread
            fools rush in
            People say ‘fools rush in where angels
            fear to tread' or ‘fools rush in' to comment
            on or criticize a person who did something
            hastily without thinking clearly about the
            likely consequences This expression is very
            variable.
            Even with such a crowded schedule, she still
            finds time to read the 2000 or so letters she receives
            every year 'Sometimes I stop and think,
            Good God, how did I gel into this.' she says
            with a laugh. 'Fools rush in where angels fear

            to tread.'
            That was something none of the three of us
            would have dared to say. Fools rush in...

            foot
            the boot is on the other foot
            the shoe is on the other foot
            If you say that the boot is on the other
            foot, you mean that a situation has been reversed
            completely, so that the people who
            were previously in a better position are now
            in a worse one. while the people who were
            previously in a worse position are now in a
            better one. This form of the expression is
            used in British English; in American English,
            the form is the shoe is on the other foot
            Comments like that from a manager are bet
            ter made in private, tf the boot was on the other
            foot and a player went public like that after
            a game, his club would quickly be looking to
            slap a fine on him.
            The fact is. I'm in the job. You may have assisted
            along the way, but as far as I know
            you're not in a position to remove me. The boot
            is now on the other foot.
            That's a view conservatives have espoused for
            years, but they said it when they thought the
            courts were working against majority opinion
            Now the shoe's on the other foot, and liberals
            are going to the people to overturn the courts.
            caught on the wrong foot
            If you are caught on the wrong foot, something
            happens quickly and unexpectedly, and
            surprises you because you are not ready for
            it. Compare get off on the wrong foot and
            start off on the right foot.
            The supermarket chain seems to have been
            caught on the wrong foot, still trying to escape
            its ‘cheap' past just as it should be capitalising

            on that record.

            The recent change of public mood has caught
            the government clumsily on the wrong foot.


                evince -p 172 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            foot
            The verb wrong-foot is also used, and is

            much more common.

            Again and again European and UN diplomacy
            has been wrong-footed by events in the

            Balkans.
            radio and television wrongministers
            by highlighting one emotive
            aspect of the speech at the expense of the broader.
            gentler, message.
            Newspapers,

            footed

            a foot in both camps
            a foot in each camp

            If someone has a foot in both camps, they
            support or belong to two different groups,
            without making a firm commitment to either
            of them. You can also say that someone has a
            foot in each camp.
            With an Indian father and an English mother,
            she had a foot in both camps or perhaps
            in neither
            Sagdeev is trying to promote a compromise
            because he has one foot in each camp.

            -

            a foot in the door: 1

            44

            If someone is trying to get involved in something,
            for example to start doing business in a
            new area, and you say that they have got a
            foot in the door, you mean that they have
            made a small but successful start and are
            likely to do well in the future.
            China is opening its state owned airlines to
            foreign investors and if British Airways gels a
            foot in the door, the profits will be enormous.
            He's now trying to capitalise on his connections
            in the region. He wants to get his foot in
            the door ahead of his long time rival.
            The company said it issued the low bid because
            it wanted a foot in the door of a potentially
            lucrative market.

            foot-in-the-door: 2
            If you describe a way of doing something as
            is done in
            an aggressive or forceful way, in order to persuade
            someone to agree to do something
            which they probably do not want to do.
            Double glazing salesmen have become a bit cf
            a national joke, what with their foot-in-the-door

            foot-in-the-door. you mean that it

            methods.

            get off

            toot

            153

            on the wrong foot

            4

            If you start doing something and you get off
            on the wrong foot, you start badly or in an
            unfortunate way. Compare caught on the
            wrong foot and start off on the right foot.
            The last few times I've been at home on leave
            everything seems to have gone wrong. We seem
            to get off on the wrong foot from the start. We
            cow a lot.
            Even though they called the election and had
            been preparing for it for some time, they got off
            on the wrong foot.

            not put a foot wrong

            44

            If you don't put a foot wrong, you do not
            make any mistakes. This expression is used
            in British English.
            John Walker has said that all great athletes
            have a season in which they don't put a foot
            wrong.
            He glided smoothly through his news conference,
            never putting a foot wrong and giving a
            strong impression of a man who is recapturing
            the political initiative from his more radical
            opponents
            He hardly put a foot wrong in defence and
            was fine in attack, except for one misdirected
            pass.

            one foot in the grave
            If you say that someone has one foot in the
            grave, you mean that they are very ill or
            very old and are likely to die soon. You use
            this expression when you are talking about
            illness and death in a light-hearted way.
            The guard and warder are taken in, they're
            convinced De Fiore's got one foot in the grave.
            Richard is far from having one foot in the
            grave
            and he never means to get to that
            point.

            -

            put your best foot Forward
            44
            If you are doing something and you put
            your best foot forward, you work hard and
            energetically to make sure it is a success.
            We remember our mother's stern instructions
            not to boast, but completely forget her advice to
            pul our best foot forward
            Sir David said that having been faced with a
            warning of one last chance, the commission
            should have put its best foot forward and produced
            something independent

            put your foot down: 1

            44

            If you put your foot down, you use your
            authority in order to stop something from
            happening.

            Annabel went through a spell of saying: 7
            can do my homework and watch TV. ' Naturally
            l put my foot down.
            He had planned to go skiing on his own. but
            his wife had decided to put her foot down.
            put your foot down: 2
            4
            If you put your foot down when you are
            driving, you start to drive as fast as you can.
            This expression is used in British English.
            Once out of the park and finding a clear

            stretch of the Bayswater Road, he put his foot
            down.
            She gives this advice to those setting off on
            car journeys from London to Scotland: ‘Just
            stick in the fast lane and put your foot down.'
            put your foot in it
            put your foot in your mouth
            44
            If you put your foot in it or put your foot


                evince -p 173 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            footloose
            in your mouth, you say something which embarrasses
            or offends the person you are with,
            and embarrasses you as a result.
            I put my foot in it straight away, referring to
            folk music. Tom sat forward and glared. ‘It's
            not folk music, man. It's heritage music.'
            To the majority of voters, he is hopelessly
            unpresidential, a lightweight, forever putting
            his foot in his mouth.
            Journalists sometimes refer humorously to
            someone's foot-in-mouth tendencies.
            I loved Prince Philip's latest attack of foot-inmouth
            disease when he asked a Cayman Islander:
            'Aren't most of you descended from pirates?'

            shoot yourself in the foot

            444

            If you shoot yourself in the foot, you do or
            say something stupid which causes problems
            for yourself or harms your chances of suc
            cess.

            If I was to insult the contestants 1 would be

            shooting myself in the foot.
            The shop ran a 25 per cent

            off sale early in
            December. It now looks as if it shot itself in the

            foot, attracting people who meant to shop there
            anyway to do so during the promotion instead.
            Unless he shoots himself in the foot, in all
            probability he will become President

            start off on the right foot
            If you start off on the right foot, you immediately
            have success when you begin to do
            something. Compare caught on the wrong
            foot and get off on the wrong foot.
            Share your feelings, both positive and nega
            live. If you decide to go ahead, you will be
            starting off on the right foot.
            To me this was a man who was prepared to
            start off on the right foot: he was mature with
            some common sense, and the type who would
            not expect to become an expert in a very short
            time.

            footloose
            footloose and fancy-free
            If someone is footloose and fancy-free,
            they are not married or in a long-term relationship.
            and they have very few responsibilities
            or commitments. This is an old-fashioned

            expression.

            A divorced man is footloose and fancy-free. He
            can go to parties and pubs on his own, and
            come and go as he pleases.

            footsteps
            follow in someone's footsteps

            tort

            154

            444

            If you follow in someone's footsteps, you
            do the same thing that they did.
            Rudolph Garvin was a college student, the
            son of a physician, who wanted to follow in his

            father's footsteps His prospects were dim because
            of his failing grades
            He has developed and flourished on the pitch
            into a highly talented player, poised to follow
            in the footsteps of such Portuguese greats as
            Eusebio.

            forelock
            tug your forelock
            touch your forelock
            4
            In British English, if you think that someone
            is showing an excessive amount of respect
            to another person and making themselves
            seem very humble and inferior, you
            can say that they are tugging their forelock
            or touching their forelock in order to express
            your criticism of their behaviour.
            Last night the Prime Minister accused the Labour
            leader of being prepared to tug his forelock
            to Brussels over whether Britain should
            join a single European currency.
            These are the same old fogeys who tug the
            forelock to the British establishment.
            A lot of people seem to think we're supposed
            to go round touching our forelock and scraping
            our heads against the floor. We're not.
            You can refer to this kind of behaviour as
            forelock-tugging or forelock-touching.
            The idea of forelock lugging is totally alien to
            us. as is the idea that some people can be bred
            to rule.

            forewarned
            forewarned is forearmed
            People say ‘forewarned is forearmed' to

            mean that if you know about something
            which is going to happen in the future, you

            can be ready to deal with it
            The authors' idea is that to be forewarned is
            to be forearmed: if we know how persuasion
            works, perhaps we can resist some of it.
            A Maryborough principal decided forewarned
            was forearmed recently. When he heard Pat
            would be in town, he warned his pupils that if
            they came upon a man with a beard in the
            school grounds, they were to be nice to him
            and then go and tell the principal.

            fort
            hold the fort
            hold down the fort

            4

            If you hold the fort for someone, you look
            after things for them while they are somewhere
            else or while they are busy doing
            something else. In American English, you can
            also say that you hold down the fort
            Since she entered Parliament five years ago,
            he has held the fort at their Norfolk home during
            the week.
            Her 13-year-old daughter is holding the farm

                evince -p 174 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            fortune
            ly together ‘She's doing fine. She's the
            cool, calm and collected. She's the
            thats kind of holding down the fort.'

            that's

            one
            one

            fortune
            a small fortune

            444

            You describe a sum of money as a small
            fortune to emphasize that it is a very large

            amount.

            This was the first of hundreds of visits 1
            made to psychiatrists in the course of the next

            twenty-five years, and which altogether cost a

            small fortune.

            For almost two years, Hawkins made a small
            fortune running a drugstore
            You can spend a small fortune on locks and
            alarms and still become a target for the housebreaker
            Sharon didn't know much about antiques,
            but the lamps alone were probably worth a
            small fortune.

            foundations
            shake the foundations of something 4
            If someone or something shakes the foundations
            of a society or a system of beliefs, or
            shakes it to its foundations, they cause
            great uncertainty and make people question
            their most deeply held beliefs. Other verbs
            with a similar meaning can be used instead of

            ‘shake'.
            The new era is shaking the foundations of all
            Russia 's cultural landmarks.
            When an American president is forced to resign,
            the country is shaken to its foundations
            The music industry was rocked to its foundations
            last night when it was revealed that the
            Midlands' top live music venue was to close.

            frame
            in the frame: 1
            the name in the frame

            in the frame: 2
            If someone is in the frame for something,
            people think that they are responsible for a
            crime or an unpleasant situation, even though
            this might be untrue. This expression is used
            in British English.
            The fact is, there's only ever been one guy In
            the frame for this killing, and that's the husband.
            After all, wasn't it the Chancellor who originally
            pul Germany in the frame for the
            pound's failure?

            frazzle
            wear yourself to a frazzle
            If you wear yourself to a frazzle or if you
            are worn to a frazzle, you feel mentally and
            physically exhausted because you have been
            working too hard or because you have been
            constantly worrying about something.
            Why should l wear myself to a frazzle, trying
            to save your skin for you?
            His mother had been worn to a frazzle. Guy
            helped by looking after his sister.

            free
            free as the air
            free as a bird

            4

            If you say that someone is free as the air
            or free as a bird, you mean that they are
            completely free and have no worries or troubles.
            ‘Free as the air' is used only in British
            English.
            They think of us as favoured beings, going
            where we like, working when we feel like it,
            free as the air.
            I have been island-hopping in the Pacific for
            the past two and a half years, free as a bird.

            freefall
            444

            If you are in the frame for promotion or
            success, you are very likely to get a promotion
            or to be successful. This expression is
            used in British English.
            Steve has done well He's close to being back
            In the frame and l will have a good look at
            him in training this week.
            Darren Bicknell put himself firmly in the
            frame for an England call-up at Lord's yesterday
            O You can talk about someone being the
            name in the frame when they are very likely
            to get a promotion or be successful.
            Speculation about potential replacements is
            ulready rife, with Sir David Scholey of
            Warburgs and Sir Nigel Wicks at the Treasury
            artd Ford lawson among the names in the

            frame.

            freefaU

            155

            go into freefall
            444
            in freefall
            If the value or level of something goes into
            freefall, it starts to fall very quickly. If it is
            in freefall, it is falling very quickly. These
            expressions are used mainly in journalism.
            John Major cancelled a trip to Spain yesterday
            as the pound went into freefall. The crisis
            worsened when it was revealed Mr Major had
            refused German demands to devalue the pound.
            Fears are now widespread that shares could
            go into freefall before Christmas.
            Perot's ratings were in freefall; the inner circle
            of campaign advisers had been unable to
            persuade the egocentric and stubborn Texas
            billionaire to produce any policies or to devise
            a professional election campaign
            A freefall is a situation in which the value
            or level of something is falling very rapidly.


                evince -p 175 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            frenzy
            You can also say that the value or level of
            something freefalls.

            Others underlined the potential for monetary
            chaos unleashed by the free fall of sterling.
            His career seemed about to freefall into oblivion
            and retirement after a series of drug-related
            scandals.

            frenzy
            a feeding frenzy

            frying pan

            156

            44

            When people refer to a feeding frenzy, they
            are referring to a situation in which a lot of
            people become very excited about something,
            often in a destructive or negative way. This
            expression is often used to refer to journalists
            writing about a famous person or an exciting
            or scandalous event.
            Parents and other concerned citizens are
            meeting to discuss the scandal. Lakewood
            mayor Mark Title says the media feeding frenzy
            is taking bites out of what he calls an outstanding
            community.

            Stan and Debbie exemplify two different criof
            the financial feeding frenzy of the
            1980s, the school of thought that says 'Why did
            it ever end?' and the other school that asks
            'Why did it ever begin?'
            tiques

            fresh
            fresh as a daisy
            fresh as paint
            If you say that someone or something is as
            fresh as a daisy, you are emphasizing that
            they are very fresh, bright, or alert. In British
            English, you can also say that they are as
            fresh as paint.
            Once you've done some stretching, breathing
            and toning exercises in this revitalizing bath.
            you will be as fresh as a daisy again.
            She can sleep through anything and emerge
            fresh as a daisy at the end of it.
            Young Hustler looked as fresh as paint despite
            this being his I4th race of the season.

            frighteners
            put the frighteners on someone
            •4
            If someone puts the frighteners on you,
            they threaten you and try to scare you into
            doing what they want. This expression is used
            in British English.
            He and his chums tried to put the frighteners
            on Kelley before she had written a single word.
            Glenn Close put the frighteners on Michael
            Douglas and his family in 'Fatal Attraction'.

            fritz
            on the fritz
            A piece of machinery that is on the fritz is
            not working properly. This expression is used
            in American English.

            My mother's toaster went on the fritz.
            'They're setting up communications.' Rizzuto
            said. 'But the goddamned mobile command
            post has gone on the fritz. '

            frog
            a frog in your throat
            If someone has a frog in their

            throat, they
            find it difficult to speak clearly because they
            have a cough or a sore throat- Compare a
            lump in your throat; see lump
            I've got a bit of a cough, excuse me, a frog in
            my throat.
            Oh excuse me, I nearly choked then. Little
            frog in the back of the throat.

            fruit
            bear fruit
            444
            If an action bears fruit, it produces good results.
            Mr Buckland was radiating optimism yesterday.
            suggesting that the strategy put in place
            two years ago of concentrating die company's

            efforts on a smaller range of businesses
            beginning to bear fruit.

            is

            now

            People see material conditions getting worse.
            They don't see the economic reforms championed
            by the President as bearing fruit

            forbidden fruit

            <
            if you describe something as forbidden
            fruit, you mean that you want it very much
            but are not allowed to have it or you are not
            supposed to have it
            Knowing that from now on you can't drink
            alcohol or have sugar in your tea can make
            you want those forbidden fruits even more
            In the days of Maoism, auctions were barred.
            Now Peking's first auction house, which is
            highly successful, gives a taste of the forbidden

            fruit.

            This expression refers to the story in the
            Bible in which Eve tempts Adam to eat the
            fruit of the tree of knowledge, which God had
            forbidden them to touch.
            Q

            frying pan
            out of the frying pan into the fire

            *

            If you say that someone has gone or jumped
            out of the frying pan into the fire, you
            mean that they have moved from a bad situation
            to an even worse one. This expression is
            very variable.
            If you do decide to take such a drastic step,

            take every possible precaution that you do
            not go from the frying pan into the fire.
            They should try to develop the ability to consider
            problems in real detail and avoid the tendency
            to jump from the frying pan into the fire

            first

            “


                evince -p 176 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            fuel
            conference frying pan into
            world.

            the

            fire of the real

            fuel
            add fuel to the fire
            add fuel to the flames

            If something that someone says or does
            adds fuel to the fire or adds ftiel to the
            flames, it makes a bad situation worse. Fan
            the flames means the same.

            You must not take the route of trying to bor
            trouble when over
            borrowing got you into this state in the first
            place. This really would be adding fuel to the

            row your way out of

            fire

            The government is warning that a return to
            the traditional system of wage indexation will
            only add fuel to the inflationary fires.
            These expressions are very variable. For
            example, you can say that something fuels
            the fire or fuels the flames, or just that it
            adds ftiel
            I'm not going to fuel the fire here: people are
            perfectly entitled to their own opinion. I would
            just hope that we might see a little more reason
            and a lot more understanding in the debate.
            These are both recognised as factors which
            have fuelled the flames of cor\flict.
            His comments are bound to add fuel to the debate
            already taking place within the party
            about the Greens' public image.

            funeral
            it's your funeral
            If you are insisting on doing something in a
            particular way and someone says 'it's your
            funeral', they are pointing out that they

            think you are wrong but that you will be affected
            by the bad consequences resulting from
            it, and they will not.
            Have it your own way. You'll be sorry. It's

            your funeral.

            Brand shook his head. 'I'll pass, thanks. ' He
            didn't add, 'It's your funeral, not mine,' although
            it was the truth.

            fur
            the fur is flying
            If you say that the fur is flying over something,
            you mean that people are arguing very
            fiercely and angrily about it
            He was one of the churchwardens at St Edward
            the Confessor's Where, as I suspect you
            have already heard, there's been a lot of fur
            flying these last few months.
            A blazing row between Euro factions at last

            L*

            week's meeting

            fuse

            157

            of

            the 1922 Committee set the

            furniture
            part of the furniture
            4
            If you say that someone or something is
            part of the furniture, you mean that they
            have been present somewhere for such a long
            time that everyone accepts their presence
            without questioning it or noticing them.
            In ten years he has become part of the furni
            lure of English life, his place on the stage firm
            ly fixed and universally respected.
            Once cameras in courts have become part of
            the furniture, witnesses are so absorbed in an
            swering questions that they forget the cameras
            are there.

            furrow
            plough a lonely furrow
            plough a lone furrow
            4
            If someone ploughs a lonely furrow or
            ploughs a lone furrow, they do something
            by themselves and in their own way, without
            any help or support from other people. This is
            a literary expression, which is used in British
            English.

            It seems that Shattock was something of an
            original thinker, ploughing a lonely furrow.
            Amokachi willingly ploughed a lone furrow
            in his team's cause, but said afterwards that
            he would find the peculiar physical demands of
            the English game difficult to master without
            help.
            This expression is very variable.
            Richardson could have protected himself by
            seeking the backing of the old guard, but chose
            not to. He ploughed his own furrow instead.
            The Syrian government is more than adept at
            ploughing its own diplomatic furrow.
            After the war I should think he must have
            had a very difficult furrow to plough because
            every university was in turmoil.

            fuse
            blow a fuse
            If you blow a fuse, you suddenly lose your
            temper and cannot control your anger
            For all my experience, I blew a fuse in the
            quarter final and could have been sent off.
            The more adept you become at switching off
            and letting your toddler blow a fuse without
            giving in or getting angry, then the sooner he
            will understand that tantrums don't work.
            light the fuse
            If you say that someone lights the fuse, you
            mean that they do something which starts off
            a new and exciting development, or which
            makes a situation become dangerous.
            Ghana's independence in 1957 lit the fuse
            which led to the rapid freeing of colonial Afri
            ca.
            MP Bernie Grant has lit a fuse under the im


                evince -p 177 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            fuse
            migration issue by suggesting that the government
            should consider paying black people to
            leave Britain permanently.

            on a short fuse
            have a short fuse

            game

            158

            4

            If you say that someone is on a short fuse
            or has a short fuse, you mean that they lose
            their temper very easily and are quick to re
            act angrily when something goes wrong.
            In the office he tended to work on a short
            fuse; but explosive though he was at times,
            there was always a tremendous compassion
            ever-ready to be shown to strangers, friends
            and colleagues alike.
            Perhaps he's irritable and has a short fuse,
            letting you know when he's not pleased.

            G
            gaff
            blow the gafT

            own game. Its business conglomerates, which
            lay in ruins only a few decades ago, now out
            If you blow the gafT, you tell people something
            which was supposed to be kept secret.
            This expression is used in British English.
            Scottish Nuclear Ltd has now blown the gaff
            by saying that it may decide to do without reprocessing
            altogether.
            On being hauled up before Captain Douglas,
            he had blown the gaff While utterly denying
            his part in the crime, he had nevertheless
            turned informer.

            gallery
            play to the gallery

            4

            If you say that someone such as a politician
            is playing to the gallery, you are criticizing
            them for trying to impress the public and
            make themselves popular, instead of dealing
            seriously with important matters.
            It took more than 20 years for the House of
            Commons to allow TV cameras there, because
            some members were frightened that others
            would play to the gallery.
            Her obstinate refusal to play to the gallery
            had eventually won her the reverent respect of
            all but a tiny minority among her people

            game
            44
            ahead of the game
            If someone is ahead of the game, they are
            well prepared to deal with any change that
            happens in the activity which they are involved
            in.
            We're always looking at new technologies to
            keep ahead of the game.
            The way scientists keep ahead of the game is
            to use a combination of molecular analysis and
            careful judgement to predict what strain, or
            strains, of virus will cause the next outbreak.
            44
            beat someone at their own game
            If you beat someone at their own game,
            you do something more successfully than they
            do, although they have a reputation for doing
            it better than anyone else.
            The East is said to be beating the West at its

            perform those of Europe and America.
            Who do these New Yorkers think they are,
            coming out here and beating us at our own

            game?

            the game is up
            44
            If you say that the game is up for someone,
            you mean that they can no longer continue to
            do something wrong or illegal, because people
            have found out what they are doing.
            Both runners, once the game was up. freely
            admitted using steroids, human growth hormone
            and testosterone
            He narrowed his eyes as the blue lights of the
            police car filled the cab. Sensing the game was
            up. he pulled over.
            Michael's game is up when Kimberly catches
            him in bed with Sarah.

            a game plan

            44

            Someone's game plan is the things that
            they intend to do in order to achieve a par
            ticular aim
            So few people stick to their game plan. I
            stuck to mine. I had always wanted to be a
            millionaire from a very early age.
            There was and still remains no overall game
            plan, and no agreed objective for any Western

            policy.
            Couples often have different game plans when
            they enter relationships

            44
            give the game away
            If someone or something gives the game
            away, they reveal something which someone
            had been trying to keep secret
            Johnson had intended to make his announcement
            in a forthcoming feature in The Times

            but the paper gave the game away by advertising
            the feature a week before publishing.
            Twelve stowaways have been caught on board
            a boat bound for Italy. They were detected inside
            two sealed containers when they gave the
            game away by screaming for help after being
            cooped up for seven days.
            She looks every inch a Beverly Hills native as


                evince -p 178 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            game
            a palm tree Only the English
            she leans againstgame
            away.

            accent gives the

            the game
            new to
            you say that

            someone is new to the
            If
            that they have no previous
            Eame. you mean
            the activity that they are taking

            experience 0f
            part in.

            We remember thinking at the time we were
            getting far too much exposure in the press and
            trying to do too much. But we didn't do arty
            thing about it because we were fairly new to
            the game and just did what our record company
            said.
            Don't forget that she's new to this game and
            will take a while to complete the task, so you

            need to be very patient
            not play the game
            If you accuse someone of not playing the
            game, you are accusing them of behaving in
            an unfair and unacceptable way. This is an

            old fashioned expression, which is used mainly
            in British English Compare play the
            game
            She said that research grants should all be
            the same level, and yet some students got more
            than others. She said this was unfair and
            wrote to Sir Montague, who then called us all
            together and berated us for not playing the

            game

            the numbers game

            44

            If you say that someone is playing the numbers
            game, you mean that they are using
            amounts, figures, or statistics to support their
            argument, often in a way that confuses or
            misleads people.
            He'd noticed before now how rarely statistics
            in support of an argument were ever countered
            by statistics demolishing it. If one side started
            playing the numbers game, the other insisted
            on arguing in human terms.
            The document derides the numbers game
            which automatically argues that an exhibition
            receiving 5.000 visitors each day is better than

            one receiving 3,000.
            the only game in town

            garbage

            159

            How can anyone with kids think of going on
            the game?
            play someone at their own game
            If you play someone at their own game,
            you behave towards them in the same unfair
            or unpleasant way that they have been behaving
            towards you.
            It used to bug me when men used to come in
            the office and I never used to get introduced So
            I've started playing them at their own game.
            When I had clients to come and see me. I'd never
            introduce the men either

            play the game
            44
            If you have to play the game, you have to
            do things in the accepted way or in the way
            that you are told to by your superiors, in order
            to keep your job or to achieve success.
            Compare not play the game
            In order to survive and to prosper in the political
            system, they have to play the game
            The two official opposition parties must also
            play the game by the President's rules.
            a waiting game
            44
            If you play a waiting game, you delay making
            any decisions or taking any action, because
            you think that it is better to wait and
            see how things develop.
            / propose to play a waiting game, and hope
            that a few of the pieces of this puzzle will soon
            begin to fit together.
            The government seems more inclined to lay
            aside the contingency plans for air attack and
            play the waiting game

            games
            play games
            44
            If you accuse someone of playing games.
            you mean that they are not being serious
            enough about a difficult situation, or that
            they are deliberately misleading you or making
            you do unnecessary things.
            The company says it needs about a week to
            decide how many employees will be called back.
            One tumed-away union employee says he

            4

            If you say that someone or something is the
            only game in town, you mean that they are
            the best or most important of their kind, or
            the only one worth considering. Other adjectives
            can be used instead of 'only'.
            He's the only game in town, and I am hoping
            that he can show some real leadership
            strength
            This plan is the only game in town that may
            lead to a durable and viable peace, for the alternatives
            are too awful to think about.

            °n the game
            4
            It a woman is on the game, she is working
            ax a prostitute. This is an informal expresS1°n, which is used in British English.

            thinks the company is playing games with
            them.
            To most Americans, there seems something
            simply immature about playing games with the
            fate of a nation already in trouble.
            Don't play games, Mona I know about the
            theft, and I know that you know about it. I re
            peat why are you here?

            garbage
            garbage in, garbage out
            Garbage in, garbage out is a way of saying
            that if you produce something using poor
            quality materials, the thing you produce will
            also be of poor quality.
            A computer expert, he said he'd learned from


                evince -p 179 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            garden
            computer programming that if you put gar
            bage in, you get garbage out.
            Hi-fi has hi-jacked the computer industry
            maxim 'Garbage in equals garbage out', to reinforce
            the concept that a terrific pair of speakers
            will show up a shoddy CD player for the
            piece of junk it is.

            garden
            common-or-garden
            garden-variety
            44
            You can use common-or-garden to say that
            something is of a very ordinary kind and has
            no special features. This form of the expres
            sion is used in British English; in American
            English, the form is garden-variety.
            Moreover, it will not be long before commonor garden computer programs can vary the
            weight and shape of letters instantaneously, as
            well as setting them on the page.
            She didn't look remotely like a woman going
            down with a common or garden head cold.
            The experiment itself is garden-variety science
            that normally would attract scant public attention.

            lead someone up the garden path
            lead someone down the garden path <
            If someone leads you up the garden path.
            they deceive you by making you believe something
            which is not true. Other verbs are
            sometimes used instead of ‘lead'. This form of
            the expression is used mainly in British English;
            in American English, the usual form is
            lead someone down the garden path.
            He may have led me up the garden path. He
            said everything was over with Penny but now
            he seems to be seeing her again.
            She said warningly, "Be cartful not to be
            lured up the garden path. '
            The company spends a lot cf time keeping
            other software houses up-to-date with its plans.
            Some have grown very rich indeed following its
            advice. Yet others complain that they have been
            led down the garden path as the company's
            strategy has changed over the years.

            gas
            run out of gas

            gauntlet

            160

            4

            If you run out of gas, you suddenly feel
            very tired or lose interest in what you are doing,
            and so you stop completely or fail. This
            expression is used mainly in American English.
            She ran out of gas Suddenly. She stopped
            talking, came over and slumped next to him on

            the couch.
            Jimmy Connors won in two matches during
            the week, but it sounds like he just ran out of
            gas against Chang.

            He ran out of gas, artistically speaking, and
            retired for roughly a decade.
            The production runs out of gas long before
            the end.

            gasp
            last gasp: 1
            You can use last gasp before a noun to say
            that something is achieved at the last possible
            moment. This expression is used mainly in
            journalism.

            Sachin Tendulkar's explosive talents inspired
            Yorkshire to a thrilling last gasp victory over
            Lancashire at Headingley.
            Last gasp negotiations by the National Museum
            of Photography could ensure major new
            shows by legendary photographers Richard
            Avedon and Sebastiao Salgado.

            the last gasp: 2

            4

            The very last stage of a long process or period
            of time can be referred to as the last gasp
            of it.
            The summer of "92 may be looked upon with
            nostalgia as the last gasp of the live rock concert
            era.
            Eleven thousand years ago, at the last gasp of
            the ice age, the area was covered with rich,
            semi-deciduous forest, not dry grassland.

            gauntlet
            run the gauntlet: 1

            44

            If you have to run the gauntlet, you have
            to go through a place where people are trying
            to harm or humiliate you, for example by attacking
            you or shouting insults at you.
            The trucks tried to drive the five miles to the
            British base at Vitez, running the gauntlet of
            marauding bands of gunmen.
            Presidentelect Chamorro also had to run the
            gauntlet as bags of water rained down from
            the Sandinista section of the stadium.
            She was forced to run a gauntlet cf some 300
            jeering demonstrators, waving placards denouncing
            her as a "witch
            run the gauntlet: 2
            If you have to run the gauntlet of some
            kind of unpleasant behaviour, you have to
            suffer it because of something you are trying
            to achieve.
            He has decided to run the gauntlet of Tory
            jibes that Labour stands for nothing.
            Edward Said has run a gauntlet of vitriolic
            criticism on the way to the Reith Lectures
            which start tonight.
            take up the gauntlet
            4
            pick up the gauntlet
            If you take up the gauntlet or pick up the
            gauntlet, you respond to something which
            seems like a challenge by showing that you


                evince -p 180 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            gear
            accept the challenge. Compare throw down
            the gauntlet

            We received many letters on the subject, and

            ask our readers for
            several said we should
            taking up the gauntlet.
            nominations. We are
            suggestions

            Write to us with

            would

            gentle

            161

            cf women who
            make stimulating panellists in television

            discussions
            throw down the gauntlet

            44

            If you throw down the gauntlet, you do or
            say something that challenges someone to
            take action or to compete against you. ‘Lay
            down' and ‘fling down' are sometimes used instead
            of ‘throw down'. Compare take up the

            gauntlet.

            The truckers threw down their gauntlet to the

            government after an all-night meeting of their
            strike committee. They say they will now keep
            up their action indefinitely until their demands

            are met.
            He has laid down the gauntlet and presented

            us with two options which appear to be non
            negotiable.
            Boris Yeltsin flung down the gauntlet to his
            conservative opponents yesterday, summoning
            regional leaders to join him in drafting a new
            Constitution over the heads of Parliament.

            gear
            get into gear
            get in gear
            in gear
            444
            If you get into gear or get in gear, you
            start to deal with something in an effective
            way. When you are dealing with something effectively,
            you can say that you are in gear.
            You can also get someone or something else
            into gear. When a process begins to operate
            effectively, you can say that it gets into gear
            Other verbs can be used instead of 'get'.
            The town itself has got into gear with a campaign
            to improve the environment.
            I have fallen back into my rhythm and stride
            Quickly. I am pretty much in gear now.
            Ultimately, he does help her to get her life
            into gear again.
            Even as the publicity machine moves into
            Sear, Mbongeni has another project in the pipe
            line

            get your
            get your

            arse in gear
            ass in gear
            get your arse in gear or get your

            If you
            arse into gear, you quickly start doing something.
            This is a very informal expression,
            which some people find offensive. This form
            °f the expression is used in British English;
            !n American English, the form is get your ass
            *n gear.

            If we can't

            buy the sort

            of stuff we're interest
            ed in, we'll get our arses in gear and make it
            ourselves.
            ‘Bum' is sometimes used instead of ‘arse',
            and ‘butt' is sometimes used instead of ‘ass'.
            Get your bum in gear and do it

            get your brain into gear
            have your brain in gear
            In informal English, if you get your brain
            into gear or get your brain in gear, you
            start thinking clearly about something, so
            that you can achieve what needs to be done.
            You can use other verbs instead of ‘get', and
            you can use ‘mind' instead of ‘brain'.
            All I want is to get my brain in gear and get
            back to the top.
            It gives you a chance to think, plan and gen
            erally get your mind into gear.
            If you have your brain in gear, you are
            thinking clearly and can act appropriately.
            I don't have my brain in gear yet.

            genie
            the genie is out of the bottle
            let the genie out of the bottle
            put the genie back in the bottle

            4

            If something has been done or created which
            has made a great and permanent change in
            people's lives, especially a change which people
            regret, you can say that the genie is out
            of the bottle or that someone has let the genie
            out of the bottle.
            / would say get the criminals off the street rather
            than get the guns off the street because l
            think the genie's out of the bottle. You can't get
            all the guns off the street.
            If the President came to believe that parliament
            was loo disruptive, he might dissolve it
            and call new elections. But having let the
            democratic genie out of the bottle, he has to be

            careful.

            People often vary this expression, for example
            by saying that you cannot put the genie
            back in the bottle.
            We cannot unlearn what we know. We cannot
            put the genie of knowledge back in its bottle of
            secrecy and mystery.
            For a generation, the world's nuclear powers
            have talked about restraining the nuclear ‘genie'
            in its bottle.

            gentle
            gentle as a lamb
            If you say that someone is as gentle as a
            lamb, you mean that they are kind and mild.
            Brian was as gentle as a lamb and wouldn't
            hurl anyone.
            Verdy was as gentle as a lamb off the field
            but a raging lion on it.


                evince -p 181 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            ghost
            ghost
            give up the ghost:1
            If you give up the ghost, you stop trying to
            do something, because you no longer believe
            that you can succeed.
            In Manhattan there was no Memorial Day
            parade this year The organizers said they've
            given up the ghost after so few people turned
            out to see last year's parade
            Having taken a convincing 29V lead, their
            forwards seemed to give up the ghost and to
            tire rapidly, allowing the Italians to mount a
            counter offensive which brought two good tries.
            give up the ghost: 2
            If you say that a machine has given up the
            ghost, you are saying in a humorous way
            that it has stopped working.
            A short way off the return ferry. Danny's car
            gave up the ghost again
            He uses manual cameras supported on heavy
            tripods because batteries can give up the ghost
            in extreme weather.
            This expression originally meant ‘to die',
            and people still occasionally use it with this
            meaning.

            lay the ghost of something
            lay to rest the ghost of something
            If you lay the ghost of something bad in
            your past, you do something which stops you
            being upset or affected by it. You can also lay
            to rest the ghost of something.
            Jockey Adrian Maguire laid the ghost of a
            ghastly week with a comprehensive win in the
            Irish Champion Hurdle yesterday.
            Timmis seems to have laid to rest the ghost of
            her unhappy 1992 campaign when she failed to
            make the Olympic team.

            gift
            the gift of the gab
            -4
            the gift of gab
            If you say that someone has the gift of the
            gab, you mean that they are able to speak

            confidently, clearly, and in a persuasive way.
            In American English, you can also say that
            someone has the gift of gab
            He was entertaining company and certainly
            had the gift of the gab
            Paulo knows that the gift of the gab is one of
            the requisite skills for working as a barman.
            He was a pleasant little man with spiked
            hair, a black pipe, and a great gift of gab.

            God's gift: 1
            God's gift to women
            If you say that a man thinks he is God's
            gift or God's gift to women, you mean that
            he behaves as if all women find him attractive,
            and you find this very irritating.

            girl

            162

            He thinks he's God's gift and is more interested
            in conquests than in love.
            They strut the earth like God's gift to womanhood.

            God's gift to someone: 2
            If you say that someone or something is
            God's gift to a group of people, you mean
            that they are exactly what those people like
            or need.
            This woman is God's gift to romantics.
            The telephone is still seen by many people as
            God's gift to gossips.

            gift horse
            look a gift horse in the mouth
            If someone tells you not to look a gift
            horse in the mouth, they mean that you
            should accept something that is being offered
            to you, or take advantage of an opportunity,
            and not try to find faults or difficulties.
            When you're an entrepreneur, you don't look
            a gift horse in the mouth.
            The opportunity is there to sign a player with
            massive know-how. I'm simply amazed that
            some teams seem to feel they can look a gift
            horse in the mouth.

            gills
            green around the gills
            If you say that someone looks green around
            the gills, you mean that they look as if they
            are going to be sick.
            One year, the delegates turned up at the civic
            reception looking distinctly green about the
            gills, having just returned from an outing to
            the local crematorium.
            Kenny stumbled out from the washroom 'I'm
            all right now." He still looked quite green
            around the gills.

            gilt
            take the gilt ofT the gingerbread
            In British English, if someone or something
            takes the gilt off the gingerbread, they
            spoil something or make it seem less good.
            This expression can be varied For example, if
            something is beginning to seem less good, you
            can say ‘the gilt is wearing off the ginger
            bread'.
            Much of the gilt is

            ready.

            off the gingerbread al
            The film has some good jokes, but Martin
            plays cute and Hawn plays kooky. They've been
            doing it for years and the gilt is wearing off
            the gingerbread

            girl
            a big girl's blouse
            If

            someone describes a man as a big girl's
            are showing that they disap
            blouse, they


                evince -p 182 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            give
            prove of him, because they think that his behaviour is not manly enough. This expression
            is

            used in British English.
            We'll get that soppy big girl's blouse with the

            dodgy knee who cries all the time.

            give
            give and take

            If you say that something needs give and
            take, you mean that the people involved must
            compromise or co-operate with each other, in
            order for it to be successful.
            I'm in a happy relationship where there's a
            lot of give and take.
            These are all questions that are going to be
            resolved through a political give-and-take over
            the next year or year and a half.
            You can use give-and-take before a noun.
            In many ways, working with Godfrey resem
            bled the give-and-take process to which I had
            become accustomed in the theater.

            44
            give or take: 1
            Give or take is used to indicate that a number,
            especially a large number, is approximate.
            For example, if you say that something
            is a thousand years old, give or take a few
            years, you mean that it is approximately a
            thousand years old.
            There is a buried crater 35 kilometres across.
            in North America. It dates back 66 million
            years, give or take a million.
            Add up the number of people watching them
            on TV each week and it comes to an amazing
            46 million, give or take a few hundred thousand
            give or take: 2
            4
            Give or take is also used to mean ‘apart
            from'. It is often used humorously or ironically.
            For example, if you say two things are the
            same give or take particular features, you
            are really emphasizing that the two things are
            very different.
            We are not in Sydney; this is Manchester
            With the wind in the right direction and the
            weather just so. the two do have a similar feel
            to them, give or take the odd beach, bridge.
            harbour and opera house.
            Give or take the odd servant and lots of sun
            and space, the fife of a middle class white child
            ‘n rural South Africa is not much different
            from that of its British counterpart.

            glance
            at first glance
            444
            You can say at first glance when you are
            describing your first impression of someone
            or something. You usually use this expression
            to indicate that this first impression was
            t'-rong or incomplete. At first sight means
            the same.

            gioss

            163

            At first glance the yard looks chaotic, but it
            soon becomes apparent that it's guile the opposite

            The difficulty comes when two people, who
            appeared at first glance to have so much in
            common, discover that they have simply grown
            apart.
            At first glance he gave the impression of being
            quiet and unobtrusive, not a man who

            would stand out in a crowd.

            glass
            the glass ceiling
            44
            When people talk about the glass ceiling.
            they are referring to the invisible barrier
            formed by such things as attitudes and trade
            tions, which can prevent women, or people
            from ethnic or religious minorities, from being
            promoted to the most important jobs.
            At the age of 43 she became Assistant Chief
            Constable in Merseyside and the highest rank
            ing woman officer in the country, only to find
            she'd hit the glass ceiling.
            A woman judge has at last succeeded in
            breaking through the glass ceiling into the
            Court of Appeal, the second highest court in the
            land.
            The programme offers minority ethnic staff
            an opportunity to break through the glass ceilings
            which so often limit progress up the corporate
            ladder.
            people who live in glass houses
            4
            shouldn't throw stones
            If you are told ‘people who live in glass
            houses shouldn't throw stones', you are being
            reminded that you have faults and so you
            should not criticize other people for their
            faults. This expression is often varied.
            When will they learn ? People in glass houses
            really shouldn't throw stones.
            There are arguments to be made on both
            sides, but I would say people who live in glass
            houses should be cartful about their stones.

            gloss
            put a gloss on something
            If you put a gloss on something or put an
            optimistic or positive gloss on it, you try to
            convince people that things are better than
            they really are. Other verbs are sometimes
            used instead of ‘put‘.
            The clash came when the smaller auction
            house attempted to put a gloss on poor figures
            resulting from the art market slump
            Garland could see no harm in putting an optimistic
            gloss on what the specialist had actual
            ly said.
            The gloss put on this most recent setback by
            Mr Yeltsin's advisers is that it is a wise tactical
            retreat.


                evince -p 183 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            glove
            glove
            fit like a glove
            If you say that something fits like a glove,
            you mean that it is exactly the right shape or
            size, or that it is exactly right or appropriate
            in some other way.
            She let me try on her wedding dress. Black
            velvet, and you know it fits me like a glove?
            Surprisingly, she has not sung Leonora for a
            long time. yet. as I reminded her, she used to
            say the part fitted her voice like a glove.
            Mr Grunow said the marine products business
            of the two companies were a perfect match:
            They fit like a glove. For example, we make
            rigging and they make masts. '

            gloves
            the gloves are off
            4
            take the gloves off
            If you are talking about a situation in which
            people have decided to fight or compete aggressively
            with each other, you can say the
            gloves are off. If someone takes the gloves
            off, they get ready to fight or compete with
            someone else. These expressions are used
            mainly in journalism.
            The gloves are off in the war against antianglers
            as organisations gel serious about the
            threat to their sport.
            In the software price war. the gloves are coming
            off.
            The president had said that he'd wait until
            after the convention to lake the gloves off and
            really begin the campaign.

            glutton
            a glutton for punishment
            If you say that someone is a glutton for
            punishment, you are showing surprise that
            they keep on doing something which is uncomfortable.
            unpleasant, or embarrassing for
            them.
            What / want to know is why on earth you
            want anything to do with this wretchedly con
            fused and angry man. Obviously you're a glutton
            for punishment.

            A dozen hardy nudists proved they were also

            gluttons for punishment when, undeterred by
            biting winds and constant showers, they huddled
            together on the naturist beach at Studland
            Bay

            gnat
            strain at a gnat
            strain at a gnat and swallow a camel
            If you say that someone is straining at a
            gnat, you mean that they are concerning
            themselves with something minor or trivial,
            and perhaps neglecting something important.
            You can also say that they are straining at a

            goal

            164

            gnat and swallowing a camel. These are literary
            expressions.
            When it comes down to distinguishing 1 percent growth from a mild recession, you'd be
            straining at gnats to tell the difference.
            One must beware of straining at a gnat and
            swallowing a camel in the name of correct
            spelling. To spell badly is a social rather than
            a moral or intellectual fault.

            go
            have a go at someone:1
            444
            If you have a go at someone or something,
            you criticize them strongly, often without
            good reason. This expression is used mainly
            in British English.
            Finally I felt angry, because I figured she
            was just having a go at me for the sake of it
            One of France's leading newspapers Le
            Monde is having a go at Britain's second city,
            describing it as a mixture of slum housing, unemployment,
            crime, drugs and garbage.
            Predictably, Mr Harkin had a go at foreigners
            in his Iowa speech.

            have a go at someone: 2

            4

            If you have a go at someone, you attack
            them physically.
            My dad hit my mum. He was drunk, so she
            knocked him down and put her shoe on his
            face but he got up and had a go at her.
            A mob had a go at him with a hatchet.

            what goes around comes around
            If you say what goes around comes
            around, you mean that people's actions will
            eventually have consequences which they will
            have to deal with, even though this may not
            happen for a long time. You use this expression
            especially when you are talking about
            bad or unpleasant things which people do.
            He still wasn't completely beyond feeling
            things like guilt and shame Besides, he
            thought what goes around comes around. You
            ignore the other guy when he asks for help,
            you might just be setting yourself up for a little

            of the same later on.
            goal
            an own goal

            -44

            If someone takes a course of action which
            fails to achieve the effect that they want and
            instead harms their own interests, you can
            say that they score an own goal. This expression
            is used in British English.
            Although the Labour Party supported the
            plans to allow expatriates the vote, it was
            swiftly seen by some Labour MPs as an own

            goal, with estimates suggesting that four out of
            five voters would use their vote to keep the Con
            servatives in power.


                evince -p 184 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            goalposts

            165

            He said that the Government must get its act
            together and stop scoring economic own goals.
            The terrorists knew almost immediately that
            the operation was yet another own goal.

            goalposts
            4
            the goalposts
            move
            [f you accuse someone of moving the goal
            posts, you mean that

            they have changed the

            rules, policies, or aims in a situation or activity,
            in order to gain an advantage for themselves
            and to make things more difficult for
            the other people involved. Other verbs are
            sometimes used instead of ‘move'.
            He was always moving the goalposts so that
            we could never anticipate what he wanted.
            They

            seem to move the goalposts every time I

            meet the conditions which are required.

            It is apparent that the administration is shiftthe
            goalposts and changing its demands.

            ing

            goat
            act the goat

            If someone acts the goat, they behave in a
            silly way. This expression is used in British

            English.

            It was coming on to rain. I left them there,
            traffic. They stood side by
            side. Betty had a little yellow umbrella up. I
            acted the goat a bit. turning and waving umpteen
            times till she was laughing.
            get someone's goat
            4
            If you say that someone or something gets
            your goat, you mean that they annoy you incrossing
            among the

            tensely.

            It was a bad result and a bad performance,
            but what really got the media's goat was the

            refusal to take all the blame.
            ‘He was Just so provocative. ' says White. 'He
            liked to get someone's goat, to make trouble for
            even the most well-intentioned people. ‘
            manager's

            God
            Play God

            44

            If you say that someone is playing God,
            you are criticizing them for behaving as if
            •hey have unlimited power and can do anything
            that they want.
            He insisted that the government should not
            Play God,- the market alone should decide what
            industries should be set up.
            These are intelligent people whose response to
            Physicians who tried to play God was to walk
            out on treatment.

            gold
            glitters is not gold
            aJl that
            that glisters is not gold

            a,l

            People say ‘all that glitters is not gold' to

            guiu

            warn you that someone or something may not
            be as good or as valuable as they first appear.
            In British English, people also say ‘all that
            glisters is not gold'. The verb ‘glisten' is
            sometimes used instead of ‘glitter' or ‘glister'.
            All that glitters is not gold and it's a good
            idea to delay finalising any important agreements,
            otherwise you may jeopardise a valuable
            relationship
            Journalists sometimes change ‘gold- to a
            word that is relevant to the subject that they
            are talking about.
            Faldo has adopted the refreshing philosophy
            of accepting that all that glitters is not golf.
            'There are other things in life,' he said

            gold dust
            4
            In British English, if you say that particular
            things, especially tickets for a sporting event
            or show, are like gold dust or are gold dust,
            you mean that they are very difficult to obtain,
            usually because so many people want
            them.
            Leg make-up was essential during the War
            when stockings were like gold dust.
            Tickets for this match are gold dust on the
            south coast.

            a pot of gold
            a crock of gold

            -4-4-4

            You can refer to a lot of money that someone
            hopes to get in the future as a pot of
            gold or a crock of gold. Compare the pot of
            gold at the end of the rainbow; see rainbow.
            There are already 11,000 laser disc titles
            available in Japan and 6,000 in America. That
            could mean a pot of gold for music companies.
            When he went to Hamburg, he should have
            said he was going to make his pot of gold. Instead,
            he said he was going to improve his football
            You can refer to something else that someone
            wants very much as a pot of gold or a
            crock of gold
            There was one particularly wonderful man
            but I didn t feel that he was right. I do try not
            to let things get me down. I'm always looking
            for that crock of gold

            strike gold

            4

            If you strike gold, you find, do, or produce
            something that brings you a lot of money or

            success.
            Australia finally struck gold with a worldrecord performance to beat defending champions
            Germany.
            A California nurse has struck gold on a slot
            machine. She's hit the jackpot, which added up
            to 9.3 million dollars.
            The company has struck gold with its new
            holiday development


                evince -p 185 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            good
            good
            4-4
            give as good as you get
            In an argument, fight, or contest, if someone
            gives as good as they get, they argue, fight,
            or compete as strongly and fiercely as their
            opponent.
            He's finally found himself a woman who
            stands up to him and gives as good as she gets.
            Always give as good as you get in discussions

            and meetings.
            Arsenal are a tough side, but we can give as
            good as we get and we don i fear anyone.
            4
            good as gold
            If you say that someone, especially a child,
            is as good as gold, you are emphasizing that
            they are behaving very well.
            The children settled for their sleep as good as

            gold at 9.45.

            They were both in the playroom as good as
            gold.

            good as new

            goods

            166

            44

            If you say that something is as good as
            new, you mean that it is in as good a condi
            tion as it was when it was new. If you say
            that a person who has been ill is as good as
            new, you mean that they have recovered and
            are just as well as they were before their ill
            ness.

            Manufacturers recommend that carpets
            should be washed regularly to prolong their
            life and keep their colour and texture looking
            as good as new.
            I'd worked myself into near exhaustion, but
            after a week's vacation l was as good as new.
            A good as- new thing is in nearly as good a
            condition as it was when it was new.
            These upmarket second hand shops deal in
            good-as-new clothes with prestige labels.
            good-for-nothing
            4
            If you describe someone as good-fornothing, you mean that they are lazy or irresponsible
            or behave in a way which is likely
            to harm or upset other people.
            Ruth's father was a rich, charming, but
            good-for-nothing man.
            You, Jeremy, are a conniving, cunning, devious,
            good-for-nothing so-and so.
            D You can also refer to a person as a goodfor-nothing
            He attacked teachers as idle, politically motivated
            good-for-nothings.

            you can't keep a good man down
            you can't keep a good woman down
            If you say that you can't keep a good man
            down, you mean that if people are able and
            determined, they will recover from any difficulties
            or setbacks and be successful. You can
            replace 'man' with ‘woman' or with another
            word referring to a person.

            Frank Bruno is living proof that you can't
            keep a good man down After his defeat by
            Mike Tyson. Britain's best-loved boxer is in
            training again.

            He will come through. You can't keep a good
            'un down for long.
            D You sometimes use this expression to talk
            about things rather than people, when you
            want to say that something continues to be
            popular or successful despite difficulties
            It would seem you cannot keep a good boat
            down. In the second race. Sunstone. the 27year-old Sparkman and Stevens design, beat
            the purpose built Argentinian boat. Bwana, by
            more than four and a half minutes.

            goodbye
            kiss goodbye to something
            say goodbye to something

            44

            If you have to kiss goodbye to something
            or say goodbye to something, you have to accept
            the fact that you are going to lose it or
            that you will not be able to have it.
            Obviously if the radical faction wins out. we
            may have to kiss goodbye to billions invested in
            that region.

            I felt sure I'd have to kiss my dancing career
            goodbye.
            Britain depends on tourism and the greatest
            attractions are the royal palaces. If the Royal
            Family disappeared, we could say goodbye to
            tourism.

            goods
            444
            deliver the goods
            If someone or something delivers the
            goods, they achieve what is expected or re
            quired of them. ‘Come up with' and ‘produce'
            are sometimes used instead of ‘deliver'.
            Is the leadership in a position to deliver the
            goods in two years7
            If he fails to deliver the goods, they could well
            be looking for a new prime minister by next

            summer.

            Probably the least funny thing about being
            known as a funny novelist is having to come
            up with the goods, time and time again.
            Once more the Royal National Theatre has
            produced the goods.

            have the goods on someone
            get the goods on someone
            If you have the goods on someone, you
            know things about them which could harm
            them if these things were made public. If you
            get the goods on someone, you obtain information
            of this kind. These expressions are
            used in American English.
            The Republicans keep saying that they've go*
            the goods on Bill Clinton.
            His compulsive need to control his environ

                evince -p 186 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            goose
            get the goods on his enemies, led to the
            Watergate scandal.

            rnent.

            goose
            cook your goose
            your goose is cooked

            4

            If you cook your goose, you do something
            which gets you into trouble or spoils your
            chances of success. You can also cook some
            one else's goose
            By trying to nick my girlfriend he cooked his
            goose. After that I just had to sack him.
            There was another possibility, that somehow
            they had been able to check up on me and had
            discovered my false history. That, I was sure,
            would cook my goose.
            If you are in trouble or will certainly fail at
            something, you

            grabs

            167

            can say that your goose is

            cooked
            / fully expected we would be attacked by
            ground forces. We all felt that our goose was
            cooked There was absolutely no way to retreat.
            kill the goose that lays the golden egg
            4
            kill the golden goose
            If something kills the goose that lays the
            golden egg or kills the golden goose, it results
            in an important source of income being
            destroyed or seriously reduced.
            Most professionals in the travel and tourism
            industry know that unregulated tourism can
            kill the goose that laid their golden egg.
            Few councils would today risk killing the
            golden goose by levying too onerous a local tax.
            D You can refer to an important source of income
            as a golden goose, especially when it is
            in danger of being destroyed or seriously reduced.
            It was alleged in court that Hewitt treated
            Whittaker as a 'golden goose'.
            No one can be sure that the golden goose of
            the manufacturing industry hasn t been so bad
            ly battered during the past decade that it is incapable
            of delivering the revenues to which we
            have become accustomed.
            a wild goose chase
            4
            If you complain that you have been sent on
            a wild goose chase, you are complaining that
            you have wasted a lot of time searching for
            something that you have little chance of finding,
            because you have been given misleading

            information.
            If he wasted police

            time, and thus police money.
            on a wild goose chase, his superiors would
            take a dim view.
            Every time I've gone to Rome to try to find
            out if the story could be true, it has turned out

            to be a wild-goose chase.
            Wouldn't say boo to a goose
            If you say that someone wouldn't say boo

            to a goose, you mean that they are very timid,
            gentle, and shy.
            'If you remember, at college I wouldn 't say
            boo to a goose.' ‘That's right, you were very
            quiet. '
            She would fall into that category of people
            who tend the sick and visit the old, never saying
            boo to a goose.

            gooseberry
            play gooseberry
            If you say that someone is playing gooseberry,
            you mean that they are joining or accompanying
            two people who are having a romantic
            relationship and who want to be alone
            together. This expression is used in British
            English.
            Come off it. Mum f He knows you've got a boyfriend
            and far be it from him to play gooseberry.

            gospel
            take something as gospel
            accept something as gospel
            the gospel truth

            4

            If you take something as gospel or accept
            it as gospel, you accept it as being completely
            true. You can also take or accept something
            as the gospel truth.
            You will read much advice in books and
            magazines but you should not take it all as
            gospel.

            While Carter was still trying to unravel the
            truth of the woman 's story. Tench had accepted
            it as gospel.
            Only once did Gill show unwillingness to accept
            the voice of authority as gospel truth.
            If you say that something is the gospel
            truth, you are emphasizing that it is completely
            true.
            When people have asked me how old I am.
            and I say I don't know, they think I'm coy. But
            it's the gospel truth.

            grabs
            up for grabs
            444
            If you say that something is up for grabs,
            you mean that it is available for anyone who
            is willing or able to compete for it.
            Thirty-five Senate seats are up for grabs in
            tomorrow's election.
            Writers have until September 17 to enter
            Suncorp's 1993 Literary Awards, with SI5.000
            in prizes up for grabs.
            Despite the fact that neither Japan nor Saudi
            Arabia has ever been to a World Cup Finals
            before, they are expected to take the two places
            up for grabs.


                evince -p 187 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            grace
            grace
            fail from grace

            444

            If you talk about someone's fall from grace

            or say that they have fallen from grace, you

            are

            referring to the fact that they have made
            a mistake or done something wrong or immoral,
            and as a result have lost their power
            or influence and spoiled their good reputation.

            The cause of Ms Wood's fall from grace was
            the same as Ms Baird's: she had once hired an
            illegal immigrant to look after her son.
            Rock Hudson's story represents one qf the
            most spectacular falls from grace in film historyThe
            band later fell from grace when it was
            discovered that they never sang on their own
            records.
            D Journalists sometimes talk about the fall
            from grace of a company, organization, or institution
            when people no longer approve of it

            or trust It.
            The increasing number of complaints and the
            banks' fall from grace in the eyes of the public
            have also taken effect.
            GPA's dramatic fall from grace was precipitated
            by the collapse of the share sale, which
            deprived it of hundreds cf millions in cash.

            a saving grace

            444

            A saving grace is a good quality or feature
            in someone or something that prevents them
            from being completely bad or worthless.
            Albert Coombs Barnes was a cranky, boorish
            ly opinionated doctor. But he had one saving
            grace he assembled one of the greatest private
            art collections of this century.
            She definitely outshone the so-called 'stars'
            and is one of the film's few saving graces.

            grade
            make the grade

            444

            If you make the grade, you succeed at
            something, usually by reaching

            grapevine

            168

            a particular

            standard.
            She beat the men's professional record for the
            course by two shots. ‘That one round gave me
            tremendous hope and convinced me I could
            make the grade, ' she says.
            Top public schools failed to make the grade
            in a new league table of academic results.

            grain
            go against the grain
            444
            If you say that an idea or action goes
            against the grain, you mean that it is very
            difficult for you to accept or do, because it
            conflicts with your ideas, beliefs, or principles.
            'Run' is sometimes used instead of 'go'.
            The way he had violated our agreement without
            so much as an apology went against the

            grain. That's why I never dealt with him
            again.
            Heaping such lavish praise on an 18-year-old
            goes against the grain.
            This production runs against the grain of
            what Americans perceive opera to be all about.

            grandmother
            teach your grandmother to suck eggs
            In British English, if you tell someone that

            they are teaching their grandmother to
            suck eggs, you are criticizing them for giving
            advice about something to someone who actually
            knows more about it than they do. 'Granny'
            is often used instead of 'grandmother'.
            'It's a sarcophagus Dig it good and wide,' he
            said. 'Go teach your grandmother to suck eggs. '
            said Ijeshka, and waved him away with a
            show of irritation.

            grapes
            sour grapes
            If you describe someone's attitude as sour
            grapes, you mean that they are jealous of another
            person's success and show this by criticizing
            the other person or by accusing them
            of using unfair methods.
            These accusations have been going on for
            some time now. but it is just sour grapes.
            The government retorts that Mr Fedorov's
            criticisms are mere sour grapes.
            One source said that any complaints were
            sour grapes by banks which had lost money in
            dealings just before the announcement

            grapevine
            hear something through the grapevine
            hear something on the grapevine 444
            If you say that you heard something
            through the grapevine, you mean that you
            heard about it informally from your friends,
            colleagues, or acquaintances. In British English
            you can also say that you heard something
            on the grapevine.
            I hear through the grapevine that you are
            getting ready to sue us. If that's true. I want to

            hear it from you.
            At 25, she became the editor of the fashion
            and beauty magazine 'Looks' and at 26, the
            editor of ‘Company ' magazine, a job she heard
            about on the grapevine.
            The grapevine is the way news or gossip
            spreads among a group of people who know
            each other.
            Spread the word that you are very keen for
            your guests to choose gifts from your wedding
            list: tell a few close friends and your family
            and you will be surprised how effective the
            grapevine can be.


                evince -p 188 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            grass
            grass

            always greener on the
            the grass is the
            fence
            other side of
            the other man's grass is always
            -4
            greener
            If someone says ‘the grass is always green
            er on the other side of the fence', they are
            pointing out that other people may appear to
            be in a better or more attractive situation

            than you, but in reality their situation may
            not be as good as it seems. This expression is
            often varied: for example, you can use another
            word instead of ‘fence'. You can also say
            •the other man's grass is always greener'.
            The old saying goes that, to many people, the
            grass is always greener on the other side of the
            fence, and the majority of Britain's young people
            are no exception.
            Diana should beware. The grass may not be
            greener on the other side of the Atlantic.
            A lot of players who have left in the past
            have found that the grass isn't always greener
            elsewhere.
            He had learned the other man ‘s grass was indeed
            greener.

            444
            the grass roots
            The grass roots of an organization or movement
            are the ordinary people who form the
            main part of it, rather than its leaders.
            No decision had been taken because the matter
            had been referred back to the party's grass
            roots inside South Africa.
            The revolution is actually coming from the
            grass roots and l think eventually the authorities
            will follow.
            Grass-roots can be used before a noun.
            It was a grass roots campaign and that's how
            the country's newest president won the election.
            The leadership has become detached from
            what's going on at grassroots level.
            put someone out to grass
            4
            If someone is put out to grass, they are
            made to retire from their job, or they are
            moved to an unimportant job, usually because
            People think that they are too old to be
            useful. Put someone out to pasture means
            the same.
            Members of the House of Lords are either political
            time servers who have been put out to
            grass or the heirs of aristocrats rewarded for

            some long-forgotten favour.

            The Prime Minister refused to be put out to
            grass. Asked if he would quit, he replied “The
            answer is no.'

            watch grass grow
            If you say that watching something is like
            watching grass grow, you mean that it is ex

            Iremely boring.

            Some people say that watching a cricket
            'natch is like watching grass grow.

            Greek

            169

            Those who still feel that watching England
            play football is marginally more interesting
            than watching grass grow may be about to
            have another illusion shattered.

            grave
            dig your own grave
            4
            If you dig your own grave, you put yourself
            in a difficult situation by doing something
            wrong or making foolish mistakes.
            United States prosecutors and other law enforcement
            officials were more than happy to let
            Pollard dig his own grave
            If you go ahead with what you seem to imag
            ine can be a private investigation, you'll be
            digging your own grave professionally.
            turn in your grave

            turn over in your grave
            44
            If you say that someone who is dead would

            turn in their grave, you mean that they
            would be very angry or upset about something
            which is happening now, if they knew
            about it. Verbs such as 'spin' and ‘roll' are
            sometimes used instead of 'turn'. This form of
            the expression is used in British English; in
            American English, the form is turn over in
            your grave.
            Churchill and Bevan would turn in their
            graves if they could hear the pathetic attempts
            at public speaking made by members of all
            parties in the past three weeks.
            If the guy who wrote that song could hear
            that fellow sing it, he'd turn over in his grave
            By selling off the art, my father may have derived
            pleasure in the knowledge that his own
            father would be spinning in his grave.

            gravy
            a gravy train

            444

            If you talk about a gravy train, you are referring
            to a secure and easy way of earning

            money over a long period, especially by having
            a job that is easy and well-paid.
            Software companies realise that the gravy
            train can't go on for much longer. Cut-throat
            competition in the recession is sending computer
            prices tumbling.
            The boardroom gravy train continued to roll
            happily along yesterday, with news of payoffs
            and awards to three executives totalling nearly
            1.4 million pounds.
            I keep his salary down because I don't want
            anyone to think he's riding into work on a gravy
            train.

            Greek
            be Greek to someone
            be all Greek to someone
            If you say that something is Greek to you,
            you mean that you do not understand it at all.


                evince -p 189 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            green
            in British English, you can also say that
            something is all Greek to you.
            ‘Great heavens!' he cried ‘Haven't you heard
            of figures of speech?' And he threw the newspaper
            at our heads. Figures of speech were
            Greek to us. and we were left with the suspicion
            that we still had a lot to learn.
            Soccer is. frankly, all Greek to me.

            grip
            get a grip on something: 1
            take a grip on something
            keep a grip on something
            444
            If you get a grip on a situation or take a
            grip on it, you take control of it so that you
            can deal with it successfully. If you continue
            to control it, you can say that you keep a
            grip on it. Other verbs can be used instead of
            'keep'.

            green
            green as grass
            In British English, if you say that someone
            is as green as grass, you mean that they are
            inexperienced or naive.
            I was a newcomer to the sport, green as
            grass, but now I've had a chance to evaluate
            the costs for a season.
            My brother's a joiner and he said ‘You don't
            want to be a bricklayer ' I was still green as
            grass so 1 said ‘Oh well. I'll be a painter then. '
            It is much more common just to say that
            someone is green.
            They admit they were very green when they
            arrived in Afghanistan

            green with envy

            grips

            170

            4

            If you say that someone is green with
            envy, you mean that they are extremely envi
            ous of something that another person has or
            does. This expression is usually used light
            heartedly rather than disapprovingly.
            She told us all she was planning a weekend
            in Paris, where she could whirl around the
            boutiques, linger at outdoor cafes and dine by
            candlelight. Not surprisingly, we were all green
            with envy.
            This is the most unexpected discovery I have
            made in 20 years of digging. Archaeologists in
            other parts of the world will be green with
            envy.

            grin
            grin and bear it
            4
            If you are talking about a difficult situation
            and you say that someone will have to grin
            and bear it. you mean that they will have to
            accept it, because there is nothing they can
            do about it.
            Women suffer in silence because they think
            male doctors will feel they are ‘making a fuss
            over nothing'. If they can't see a woman doctor,
            they'd rather grin and bear it.
            In the past, a royal trapped in a loveless
            marriage would have been obliged to grin and

            bear it.
            Severe or recurrent abdominal pain should
            always be checked. Don't just grin and bear it.

            So far the country has failed to get a grip on
            its inflation rate.
            It is clear that the new leader has taken a
            grip on the party machine
            This is a victory for the powerful and corrupt
            clique of politicians who have managed to keep
            a grip on power here.
            get a grip on yourself: 2
            get a grip
            keep a grip on yourself
            4
            If you get a grip on yourself or get a grip,
            you make an effort to control yourself, so that
            you can deal with things successfully. You
            can also say that you keep a grip on yourself.
            A bit of me was very frightened and I consciously
            had to get a grip on myself.
            He told himseff to get a grip: he was merely
            being paranoid.
            He was trying his best to keep a grip on h tra
            7/
            lose your grip:1
            M

            44

            If you lose your grip on a situation, you
            lose control over it.
            The central bank is losing its grip on monetary
            policy.
            The opposition feel that the president has lost
            his grip on the country, and that if support for
            the strikes this week remains solid, they can

            oust him from office.
            lose your grip: 2
            If you say that someone is losing their grip.
            you mean that they are becoming less efficient
            and less confident, and less able to deal
            with things.
            He wondered if perhaps he was getting old
            and losing his grip.
            What had happened to her? Why was she losing
            her grip?

            grips
            get to grips with something

            come to grips with something

            444
            If you get to grips with a problem or come
            to grips with it, you start dealing with it seriously,
            for example by getting a proper
            understanding of it.
            The stop-go nature

            of economic policy is a


                evince -p 190 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            grist
            worrying sign of the country's inability to get
            with the real problems
            l felt near to tears and attempted to come to
            grips with the situation by firing off a lot of
            questions which the doctor tried to answer.
            t0 grips

            grist
        grist for the mill / grist to the mill | vatten på kvarnen
            If you say that something is grist for the mill, you mean that it can be put to good use in a particular situation, or that it can be used to support someone's point of view. In British English, you can also say that some
            to the mill.
            You are, of course, much better at writing
            songs when you are completely miserable - it
            gives you so much more grist for the mill.
            Mr Kinkel and his senior aides had warned
            that changes to the nationality laws would be
            grist to the mill of right wing extremists.
            It is sad to see great art viewed solely as grist
            for contemporary propaganda mills.
            thing is grist

            groove
            in the groove
            in a groove

            44

            If you say that a sports person or a sports
            team is in the groove or in a groove, you
            mean that they are having a continuous series
            of successes.
            Nick is in the groove, as he showed with seven
            goals last weekend.
            Agassi said: 7 was in such a groove, I was
            able to put the ball exactly where I wanted. '

            ground

            break ground
            If someone breaks

            ground

            171

            4

            ground on a new building,
            they start building it. You can also say
            that the building breaks ground. This ex
            pression is used in American English.
            Simpson and Hurt hope to break ground on a
            planned outdoor theater at Ten Chimneys next

            August.
            The first co-housing project in America, in
            Washington state, will break ground soon.
            O When something else new is being established,
            you can say that it breaks ground
            You can also say that the people establishing
            *t break ground
            Perhaps I am lucky to have been in there at
            ihe start, when this music was breaking
            ground for the first time.
            Health law professor Jeff Havers says Hoi
            ‘and still has to proceed cautiously as it breaks
            ground in the law concerning euthanasia.
            new ground
            444
            If someone breaks new ground, they do
            completely different, or they do

            something in a completely different way. You
            use this expression to show approval of what
            is being done.
            The programme broke new ground, in giving
            to women roles traditionally assigned to men.
            She hopes to break new legal ground by convincing
            the court that verbal harassment con
            stitutes a wrongful act under Japanese civil

            law
            You can talk about ground-breaking work.
            These three and others have done groundbreaking
            work in identifying certain ways of
            thinking and acting as characteristically femi
            nine.
            The impact of Professor Jonker's declaration
            at this ground-breaking conference has already
            been substantial.

            cut the ground from under someone
            cut the ground from under someone's
            4
            feet
            If you cut the ground from under someone
            or cut the ground from under their feet.
            you seriously weaken their argument or position,
            often by doing something unexpected.
            On February 9th, he departed from labour
            tradition and cut the ground from under the
            opposition by promising a cut in corporate tax

            rates.
            The scenario is this you overspend on credit
            cards or take on too big a mortgage: and then
            an interest-rate hike, the loss of a job or a
            downturn in business cuts the ground from un
            der your feet.
            4
            fall on stony ground
            If something such as a warning or piece of
            advice falls on stony ground, it is ignored.
            This expression is used in British English.

            The reforms proposed three years ago by the
            Lord Chancellor fell on stony ground, largely
            through the opposition of senior members of
            his profession.
            Dire warnings about the effects on public ser
            vices fell on stony ground.

            find common ground

            on common ground

            -444

            When people or organizations come to an
            agreement on something, you can say that
            they find common ground. When they have
            the same aims, you can say that they are on

            common

            ground

            The participants seem unable to find common
            ground on the issue of agriculture.
            Mike and I were on common ground. We both
            wanted what was in the best interests of the
            company.
            444
            gain ground
            If something or someone gains ground, they
            make progress and become more important or
            more powerful. Compare lose ground


                evince -p 191 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            ground
            The idea that Britain ought to change its constitution
            has been gaining ground for years.
            The pound has gained ground on the foreign
            exchanges this morning.
            Proponents of tougher auto standards gained
            some ground yesterday when eight Northeastern
            states agreed to adopt tougher auto
            emissions rules.
            4
            get in on the ground floor
            If you get in on the ground floor, you get
            involved from the very beginning with something,
            especially something that is likely to be

            profitable for you.
            These smaller companies are getting in on the
            ground floor of what will be a gigantic Industry.

            I did get you in on the ground floor of some
            very worthwhile enterprises.

            get something off the ground
            get off the ground

            ground

            172

            4

            If you get something off the ground, you
            put it into operation, often after a lot of hard
            work getting it organized. If something gets
            off the ground, it starts operating or functioning.

            You should not underestimate the amount of
            work and attention to detail required to set up
            a new business tf you are going to get it off the

            ground successfully.
            Councillor Riley spoke of the dedication and
            enthusiasm of staff and volunteers in getting
            the schemes off the ground.
            jf the proposed talks can get off the ground,
            the chances of peace between South Africa's
            leading black political organisations must improve.

            go to ground
            4
            If you go to ground, you hide from some
            one or something. This expression is used in
            British English. Go to earth means the same.
            For the first time since May. citizens qf East
            Beirut went to ground in basements and shel
            ters as the rival forces traded tank and rocket

            fire.

            He left the hotel and went to ground in the
            station waiting-room. It was a safe place.

            hit the ground running
            If you hit the ground running, you start a
            new activity with a lot of energy and enthusiasm,
            and do not waste any time.
            The last thing we want is to have someone

            who really does not have experience in that
            field, someone who needs on-the-job training.
            Instead, we need someone who can hit the
            ground running, who has background and experience.

            She is in excellent shape and in good spirits.
            She will hit the ground running when she gets
            back.

            lose ground
            make up lost ground
            444
            If someone or something loses ground, they
            lose some of the power or advantage that they
            had previously. Compare gain ground
            The prime minister hoped to give a new look
            to his Conservative government, which is losing
            ground in the opinion polls after just over a
            year in power.
            The United States lost more ground in its
            trade balance with other countries during the
            third quarter, running up the biggest trade
            deficit so far this year.
            If someone or something makes up lost
            ground, they recover some of the power or
            advantage which they had previously lost
            Verbs such as ‘recover' and ‘regain' are sometimes
            used instead of ‘make up'.
            The President's inability to make up lost
            ground in the polls increasingly suggests he
            may lose.
            The U.S. currency recovered much of the lost
            ground from its collapse on Friday.

            the moral high ground
            the high ground

            444

            If you say that a person or organization has
            taken the moral high ground, you mean that
            they consider that their policies and actions
            are morally superior to the policies and actions
            of their rivals.
            The US has taken a moral high ground in
            telling others what their problems are, while
            not devoting enough time to its own domestic
            problems.
            The party now held the moral high ground
            and he, as President, could defend it in every
            country in the world
            You can say that a person or organization
            has taken the high ground when they have
            gained an advantage over their rivals, especially
            by having policies and actions that they
            consider to be morally superior.
            The document is an attempt to win back the
            political high ground on citizens' rights, which
            is likely to be one of the main themes of the
            next general election.
            The party was determined to take the high
            ground on environmental issues.

            prepare the ground

            •444

            If you prepare the ground for a future
            event, course of action, or development, you
            do things which will make it easier for that
            thing to happen
            They are carefully preparing the ground for
            staying in power or for minimising the effects
            of an electoral defeat.
            The talks prepared the ground for the meeting
            of finance ministers and central bankers in
            Washington

            on September 19.

            I like whenever possible to prepare the


                evince -p 192 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            ground
            ground beforehand. If it is a certain district l

            photograph. I try to visit it first am going toround,
            looking at the houses, watch
            uandering

            ing

            the people

            ground: 1
            run someone into the ground
            the
            into
            yourself
            run
            ground,
            into

            4

            you
            the
            If you run someone
            make them work so hard and continuously at
            something that they become exhausted. If you
            run yourself into the ground, you work so
            hard and continuously at something that you
            become exhausted. Other verbs are sometimes
            used instead of 'run'.
            Well-trained horses had been starved to death
            or run into the ground.
            Liverpool's young players in particular ran
            themselves into the ground
            Workers were driven into the ground. They
            died from exhaustion, once their strength was
            spent.
            run something into the ground: 2
            If you run something into the ground, you
            use it continuously without repairing or replacing
            it, so that eventually it is destroyed or
            useless.
            Britain's public housing has been virtually
            run into the ground and the Government shows
            absolutely no desire to revive it.
            They're quite good hikes, you can run them
            into the ground for quite a long time, then just
            get a

            new one.

            He let the economy run into the ground, sink
            ing deeper into debt and deficits, with almost

            no growth and falling real wages.
            run someone to ground
            If you run someone or something to
            ground, you find them after a long search.
            This expression is used in British English.
            Run to earth means the same.
            Truman eventually ran him to ground, asleep
            and rather the worse for wear in a hotel.
            Running this source to ground is made no
            easier by the fact that Yeats's sole published
            reference to the volume is in a letter to George
            Russell.
            stamping ground
            stomping ground
            If you describe a place as someone's stamp
            ing ground, you mean that they work there

            or go there regularly. If you say that someone
            returns to their old stamping ground, you

            mean

            guard

            173

            that they return to a place where they
            used to work or where they used to go regularly.
            You can also talk about someone's
            stomping ground or old stomping ground.
            I'm not fond cf the City of London because
            I'm a West End man, myself. Park Lane.
            Enightsbridge, Piccadilly and Bond Street are
            my favourite stamping grounds.

            Christmas, when she made a fleeting return to
            her old stamping ground, the Blue Anchor pub
            in Croydon. South London.
            Her scandalous parties were the stomping
            ground for such infamous people as Man Ray.

            Andre Gide and Isadora Duncan.
            4
            suit someone down to the ground
            If something suits you down to the
            ground, it completely meets your needs or re

            quirements This expression is used in British
            English.
            Helen has finally found a method of exercise
            that suits her outgoing character down to the
            ground.
            I was attracted by the modular programme at
            London Guildhall Unh<ersity which suited me
            down to the ground.

            thick on the ground
            If people or things are thick on the
            ground, there are a lot of them. This expres
            sion is used in British English Compare thin
            on the ground.
            Since the man's enemies were thick on the
            ground, twentyfour hour protection had been
            provided at the public expense.
            Jobs are not exactly thick on the ground.
            444
            thin on the ground
            If people or things are thin on the ground.
            there are very few of them. This expression is

            used in British English Compare thick on
            the ground
            Good players are so thin on the ground that
            the clubs are recruiting abroad, signing Poles,
            Dutchmen, Scandinavians and. of course.

            Englishmen.
            Clergymen remained very thin on the ground
            in Andalucia throughout the whole of the nine
            teenth century.
            Ideas are thin on the ground in the British
            film industry.
            Yacht facilities are a bit thin on the ground

            in the remote Falkland Islands.

            guard
            catch someone off guard
            take someone ofT guard
            If something happens and catches you off
            guard or takes you off guard, it happens un
            expectedly and completely surprises you
            The noise caught the trespasser off guard.
            The torch clattered to the floor, its light shooting
            a frail beam that fanned out eerily across
            the carpet.
            When you are caught off guard by a blatantly
            sexist remark, whether intentional or otherwise.
            it is sometimes difficult to think of the
            right

            answer.

            There was a bright flash, a brief sensation of
            heat, followed a few moments later by a than
            derous roar that took us all off guard.


                evince -p 193 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            guard
            lower your guard
            drop your guard
            44
            let your guard down
            If you lower your guard, drop your guard,
            or let your guard down, you relax when you
            should be careful or alert, often with unpleasant
            consequences.
            The U-boat's crew had made the mistake of
            relaxing, of lowering their guard at the precise
            moment when their alertness and sense cf danger
            should have been honed to its keenest edge.
            It takes me a long time to drop my guard
            and get close to people.
            Many men work in extremely competitive at
            mospheres where letting down their guard
            could leave them vulnerable

            ofT your guard
            off guard
            If you are off your guard or off guard, you
            are not prepared for something when it hap
            pens, and so you do not react normally. Compare
            on your guard
            Miss Marple is not perceived to be a threat in
            any way. And. therefore, the criminal is off his
            guard.
            He had been so polite and amicable during
            the interview and the lunch which followed
            that Mary was quite off guard when she entered
            his office for the second time.

            the old guard

            444

            You can refer to a group of people as the
            old guard when they have worked in an organization
            or system for a very long time.
            You often use this expression to show disapproval
            of such people when they are unwilling
            to accept new ideas or practices.
            France must move its support away from the
            old guard of African leaders if it is to maintain
            its influence on the continent.
            When in 1990 he merged his party with the
            then ruling party under a deal that has since
            led him to the presidency, he was bitterly opposed
            by many in the ruling party's old guard.
            The company's old guard is stepping aside,
            making way for a new, more youthful team.

            on your guard
            on guard

            gun

            174

            guest
            be my guest
            You say ‘be my guest' to someone when
            you are giving them permission to do something,
            or inviting them to do something. This
            expression is sometimes used in a sarcastic
            way. For example, you might use it to invite
            someone to do something difficult or unpleas
            ant.
            ‘Dad,' she said. 'Tomorrow, I want to go
            swimming. ' I indicated the cool, clear water before
            us 'Be my guest, ' I said.
            ‘Taking care cf Pop. eh?' 'You want to take
            care of him? Be my guest '

            guinea pig
            a guinea pig
            If someone is used as a guinea
            ideas, methods, or medical

            444

            new
            treatments are
            pig.

            tested on them.
            Parents said they were not prepared to see
            their children used as guinea pigs for the Government's
            latest attempts to push up classroom
            standards
            The Government faces another scandal over
            sick ex-servicemen who were used as human
            guinea pigs in chemical weapons tests

            gum tree
            up a gum tree
            If someone is up a gum tree, they are in a
            very difficult situation. This is an oldfashioned expression, which is used in British
            English.
            If you look at any problem like this in terms
            of right and wrong you'll find yourself nowhere
            but up a gum tree.

            gun
            jump the gun
            44
            If someone jumps the gun, they do something
            before the right, proper, or expected
            time. You usually use this expression when
            you disapprove of this behaviour.
            If inflation continues to fall, then prices will
            be reduced later this year. We do not want to
            jump the gun and then put prices back up
            again.

            444

            If you are on your guard or on guard, you
            are alert and prepared for any attack against
            you. Compare off your guard.
            When Hilton came, he would have to be on
            his guard each second, for the man was dan
            gerous
            No-one ever locked their doors here: no-one
            had any surplus belongings to steal so there
            wasn't any need to be on your guard.
            He is constantly on guard against any threat
            of humiliation and will take offence quickly.

            Spain has already jumped the gun on diplomatic
            contacts by announcing earlier this
            month that its foreign minister would soon vis
            it China.
            The book wasn't due to be released until September
            10, three days after the tour squad is
            named, but some booksellers have jumped the
            gun and decided to sell it early.
            •4-4
            a smoking gun
            If you talk about a smoking gun, you are
            referring to a piece of evidence which proves
            that a particular person is responsible for a


                evince -p 194 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            guns
            crime. This expression is used mainly in

            American English.

            He says the search for other kinds of evidence.
            r0r compelling documents tying them to trafficking.
            has not produced a smoking gun.
            Remember that the smoking gun that drove
            president Nixon from office was the taped evidence
            that he tried to get the CIA to take the
            rap for Watergate
            First of all. there's no smoking gun. In the
            course if our investigation we did not find a
            single piece of evidence.
        under the gun
            If you are under the gun. you are under great pressure and your future success is being threatened.
            This expression is used mainly in American English
            We were under the gun. We were fighting for the very support that would ensure our ultimate survival.
            Society, in many ways, is under the gun. We have a multitude of problems medical, health problems, drug problems, crime problems, educational.
            literacy.

            -

            guns
            the big guns
            a big gun

            Jubilant Tories poured out of the Commons
            hailing the Chancellor as a genius for spiking
            Labour's guns with his giveaways for the lower
            paid.

            stick to your guns
            If you stick to your guns, you refuse to
            change your decision or opinion about something,
            even though other people are try mg to
            tell you that you are wrong.

            if we stick to our guns, the
            are holding these hostages will
            understand that no way will we budge without
            our prisoners being included in the deal.
            We believe that

            people who

            He should have stuck to his guns, refused to
            meet her. But beneath the familiar churning of
            his stomach was a rising tide of excitement.
            -4
            with all guns blazing
            If you do something with all guns blazing.
            you do it with a lot of enthusiasm and energy.
            Manchester United stormed into the European
            Cup with all guns blazing.
            Kasparov tends to come out with all guns
            blazing, take the lead, suffer a collapse caused
            by over-confidence, then return with a perfect
            final game.

            gut
            44

            If you talk about the big guns, you are re
            ferring to the most important and powerful
            people in an organization. You can refer to an

            individual person as a big gun.
            She has been much sought after by the film
            industry's big guns.
            Back in the early ‘70s Arsenal and Leeds were
            the two big guns in the First Division.
            It is about ideas. To win these days, to be the
            big gun, you have to have new ideas.
            go great guns
            4
            If you say that someone or something is going
            great guns, you mean that they are being
            very successful at something.
            It must have eaten into his confidence when.
            while his troubles piled up, he heard that Nick
            Faldo was going great guns.
            I called Gray's merchandise manager Robert
            Meachum. I said. ‘Mr. Meachum, 1 have a
            product called Ayer Magic. It's going great
            guns throughout the region.‘
            spike someone's guns
            If you spike someone's guns, you prevent
            them from carrying out their plans, or you do
            something to make their actions ineffective.
            This expression is used in British English.
            Hitler may even have contemplated a rapprochement
            between Germany and Soviet Russia, or between Germany and White Russia
            should there be a successful counter-revolution,
            in order to spike the gum of the western pow
            ers.

            guts

            175

            4
            bust a gut
            If you bust a gut doing something, you
            work very hard at it. This is an informal ex
            pression.
            I was busting a gut doing horrible jobs toilet
            cleaning among other things to support

            us.

            -

            -

            I've done quite well financially without bust
            ing a gut. and at last I have a decent place to
            live.
            O A gut-busting job or task requires a lot of
            hard work.

            guts
            spill your guts
            If someone spills their guts, they tell you
            everything about something secret or private.
            This is an informal expression.
            Vincent has spilled his guts. Everything. We
            got a signed confession from him.
            People call in and just spill their guts about
            whatever 's bothering them on the job or in a
            relationship

            work your guts out

            4

            If you work your guts out, you work very
            hard Verbs such as slog' and 'flog' can be
            used instead of 'work'. This is an informal expression.

            These women were amazing They worked
            their guts out from 7.30 to 4.30 every day, often
            all evening and weekend too if they had fami
            lies.


                evince -p 195 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            hackles

            hair

            176

            1 have children, several finishing studies at
            university, but will they find a job? They have

            been slogging their guts out for years. But
            what is at the end of it?

            H
            hackles
            raise someone's hackles
            someone's hackles rise

            The parliament came within a hair's breadth
            forcing immediate political union between
            the two countries.
            The town suffered heavy shell-fire, coming
            within a hair's breadth of being destroyed alto
            of
            44

            If something raises your hackles, it makes
            you angry or annoyed. When something
            makes you angry or annoyed, you can say
            that your hackles rise.
            The taxes will presumably be designed not to
            raise voters' hackles loo much.
            The United deal is going to raise a lot of
            hackles
            My hackles rose when 1 read your report. Media
            coverage of women's football is woefully inadequate
            but I would rather read nothing
            about the game at all than the sneering comments
            made by your reporter.

            hair
            curl your hair
            make your hair curl
            If something curls your hair or makes
            your hair curl, it makes you very shocked or
            worried.
            She's been leading a 'family values' crusade
            against the lyrics cf several artists. 'I'm a fair
            ly with it person, ' she says, ‘but this stuff curls
            my hair.'
            I could tell you stories that would make your
            hair curl.
            a hair of the dog
            a hair of the dog that bit you
            Some people believe that you can cure a
            hangover by having another alcoholic drink.
            This extra drink is called a hair of the dog
            This expression is used in spoken English
            1 need a drink, chum. A large hair of the
            dog

            I'm hoping some of the lads'll be there, lend
            me enough for a hair of the dog
            You can also talk about a hair of the dog

            that bit you.
            Now he was feeling the worse for it and won
            dering if a hair cf the dog that bit him might
            not set him up for the day
            4
            a hair's breadth:1
            You use a hair's breadth when you are
            talking about something almost happening or
            almost being achieved. For example, if you
            say someone came within a hair's breadth
            of doing something, you mean that they very
            nearly did it.

            gether.
            His startling assertion brought Mr Cossiga

            within a hair's breadth of provoking a constitutional
            crisis.
            If you avoid something unpleasant by a
            hair's breadth, it very nearly happens to
            you. If you fail to achieve something by a
            hair's breadth, you very nearly achieve it.
            He literally missed death by a hair's breadth.
            surviving with a dozen stitches in his head.
            He missed the two minute barrier by a hair's
            breadth, finishing in 2.00.04 and setting a new
            British record.
            If you say a serious situation is only a
            hair's breadth away, you mean that it is
            likely to happen very soon. You can also say
            people are only a hair's breadth away from
            a serious situation.
            Conflict is only a hair's breadth away.
            The Middle East is just a hair's breadth
            away from war.

            a hair's breadth: 2
            You use a hair's breadth when you are em
            phasizing that one thing is very close to another
            For example, you say that one thing is

            within a hair's breadth of another.
            Sumpa allowed the van to slip to within a
            hair's breadth of the precipice, then gave the
            engine full throttle.
            It took some experimenting before he could
            get comfortable and even then he found that
            his head was a hair's breadth away from the

            car roof.
            a hair shirt

            4

            If you say that someone is wearing a hair
            shirt, you mean that they are deliberately
            making their own life unnecessarily unpleasant
            or uncomfortable, especially by not allowing
            themselves any luxuries.
            No one is asking you to wear a hair shirt
            and give up all your luxuries
            If you are used to eating in restaurants, or
            flying down to see friends in the South cf
            France for the weekend, it seems a bit of a hair
            shirt to have to do without these things.
            Hair-shirt can also be used before a noun.


                evince -p 196 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            hair
            He has lived a life of almost hair shirt austerity

            They imposed upon themselves hair shirt pen
            in your hair
            If you say that someone gets in your hair,
            you mean that they annoy you and are a nuisance
            to you. Compare out of someone's hair.
            The General's unfortunate tendency to get in
            other people's hair hindered his recruiting ef

            forts.

            They were very busy and had little time to get
            into one another's hair.

            your hair on

            If someone tells you to keep your hair on.
            they are telling you in a forceful way to calm
            down and not be angry or impatient. This ex
            pression is used mainly in British English.
            the usual American expression is keep your

            shirt on
            His annoyance evaporated m a grin ‘You're
            right She's got a tough job. I'll try to keep my
            hair on in future.'
            44
            let your hair down
            If you let your hair down, you relax and
            enjoy yourself, and do not worry about being
            dignified or behaving correctly.
            It is only with friends that most people feel
            they can let their hair down and be themselves.
            He enjoyed all the jokes, and laughed as
            much as anybody, but you got the impression
            he couldn't really join in the fun he couldn't
            let his hair down.

            make your hair stand on end
            someone's hair stands on end
            If something makes your hair stand on
            end. it makes you very frightened or shocked.
            When someone is very frightened, you can
            say that their hair stands on end.
            The first ten minutes of the film made my
            hair stand on end.
            What's that?' Chet's hair stood on end as an
            eerie howling came to his ears.
            If you are telling someone about something
            and you say that it would make their hair
            stand on end or that it would stand their
            hair on end, you are suggesting that there
            are many things about it which would shock
            or surprise them.
            / received hate mail and cassettes that carried

            death threats. / was spat on, and so-called supporters
            tried to hit me. Things happened that
            would make your hair stand on end.
            There were plenty of tales about the gunfighter that would stand a man's hair on end.
            4
            not a hair out of place
            You say that someone does not have a hair
            out of place to emphasize that their appear
            ance is very neat and

            Not a hair out of place, dressed in navy and
            white for our photograph, she is clearly a per
            fectionist.

            I've never seen Jimmy with a hair out

            ances.

            keep

            hairs

            177

            tidy.

            place.

            not turn a hair

            of
            4

            If you say that someone did not turn a
            hair in an unpleasant or difficult situation,
            you mean that they were very calm, and did
            not show any sign of being afraid or anxious.
            His men were so accustomed to his rages that
            they never turned a hair
            She started off by accusing him of blackmail
            but he didn't turn a hair: in fact he more or
            less ignored her.
            The girl playing Myra was ordered to bed by
            her doctor. We were lucky that Jeanne Lee.
            who came down to the theatre to help backstage, took on the part without turning a hcur.

            out of someone's hair: 1
            If you get out of someone's hair, you stop
            being a nuisance to them, for example by
            leaving the place where they are and going
            somewhere else. Compare In your hair
            Would you like me to get out of your hair
            and leave you alone?
            Right now I could be out of your hair, and

            home in peace

            out of someone's hair: 2
            If you get someone who is a nuisance out of
            your hair, you succeed in arranging things so
            that you are no longer involved with them
            Initially, the point of privatising these companies
            was to get them out of the state's hair.
            Just do me a favor, wilt you ? Keep her out of
            my hair from now on.

            tear your hair out
            4
            pull your hair out
            If you say that someone is tearing their
            hair out or pulling their hair out, you mean
            that they are very angry, upset, or anxious
            about something. You can also say that they
            are tearing their hair.
            The nation is tearing its hair out over what
            to do with these child criminals.
            They must have been pulling their hair out
            by the time they reached home.
            Bureaucratic confusion and a lack of initiative
            at local factories has him tearing his hair

            hairs
            by the short hairs
            If someone has you by the short hairs,
            they have you completely in their power. By
            the short and curlies means the same.
            'Once we stepped forward with a bid. ' Hill recalled
            months later, 'the board knew they had
            us by the short hairs. '
            The hard fact is that they have got us by the


                evince -p 197 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            halcyon
            short hairs. We can't do anything without material
            support from them.

            put hairs on your chest
            put hair on the chest
            If you say that an alcoholic drink will put
            hairs on someone's chest or will put hair on
            the chest, you mean that it is very strong.
            You can also use this expression to suggest
            that food is very filling or nourishing.
            Some of the concoctions would put hairs on
            your chest and indeed those brave enough to
            sample some left with distinct smiles on their

            faces.

            Then there's the food, which is alleged to consist
            entirely of eggs and chips and various varieties
            of gruel designed to create big brawny
            arms and put hair on the chest.
            4
            split hairs
            If you accuse someone of splitting hairs,

            you are accusing them of making distinctions
            in a situation where the differences between
            things are actually very small and unimpor

            tant.
            But once you start splitting hairs like that.
            where are you going to stop?
            Don't split hairs. You know what I'm getting
            at.
            You can also accuse someone of hairsplitting.
            This, to those interested in the purpose cf the
            insider-trading law, is lawyers' hair-splitting.
            On BBC Radio she accused her critics of
            hair-splitting.

            halcyon
            halcyon days
            4
            If you talk about the halcyon days of something,
            you are talking about a time in the
            past when it was especially successful. This is
            a literary expression.
            When we ask him whether the wool industry
            will ever see those halcyon days again, he
            turns back to his beer and shakes his head.
            ff there is an economist in the land who be
            lieves that Britain will return speedily to those
            halcyon days when unemployment was under
            500,000. he or she is keeping pretty quiet about
            it.

            You also use halcyon days to talk about a
            time in the past when your life was especially
            peaceful and happy.
            1 experienced again the sense cf peace and
            lightness that I associated with the halcyon
            days at La Charrera.
            I had a sudden memory of those halcyon days
            when love had meant sharing a bag of boiled
            sweets In St Saviour's dusty church hall

            halfway

            178

            half
            go off half-cocked
            go ofT at half cock
            4
            If someone goes off half-cocked, they are
            unsuccessful in what they are trying to do,
            because they have not taken enough care or
            prepared properly.
            Remember, don't go off half-cocked when we
            get there. Stick to the plan.
            This is only the start of the debate and it is
            no time for anybody or any interested group to
            go off half-cocked.
            In British English, you can also say that
            actions or people go off at half cock when
            they are unsuccessful.
            In the hands of a lesser chef many of these
            dishes would go off at half cock, but she turns
            them out with apparent ease and skill.
            The affair was worrying. He couldn't have
            the Pole going off at half-cock: not now.
            Half-cocked and half-cock can also be
            used before a noun.
            In-store guest appearances are usually embarrassing,
            half-cocked events.
            Three basic issues have been raised by America's
            half-cock deregulation of financial services
            over the past IS years.
            4
            how the other half lives
            If you refer to how the other half lives.
            you are referring to the lives of people who

            are very different from you. for example very
            rich or very poor, or living in a different

            country.
            He clearly has little idea how the other half
            lives, though, carrying a I.OOOdollar note in
            his pocket to flourish in small shops which
            cannot give him change.

            your other half
            your better half
            44
            If you refer to your other half or your better
            half, you mean your husband, wife, or
            partner. These expressions are often used humorously.
            They invited us out to dinner after the election
            because they said it was high time they
            met my other half.
            His better half has told him that making love
            is good for the heart.

            halfway
            44
            meet someone halfway
            If you meet someone halfway, you accept
            some of their opinions or wishes, so that you
            can come to an agreement with them or have
            a better relationship with them.
            Senator Gray said Democrats are willing to
            meet the president halfway on measures to
            stimulate the economy.
            It has always been part of my teaching phi


                evince -p 198 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            halves
            losophy to make young people develop skills at

            forming relationships with adults by meeting
            them half way.

            halves
            do things by halves
            4
            do anything by halves
            If you say that someone does not do things
            by halves, you mean that they always do
            everything very well and very thoroughly
            You can also say that they do not do anything
            by halves
            In Italy they rarely do things by halves.
            When designers latch on to a theme, they work
            it through thoroughly, producing the world's
            most wearable clothes in the most beautiful

            not
            not

            fabrics.

            Jimmy never did anything by halves. His
            cruise was planned like a polar expedition, the
            boat prepared to withstand whatever the el
            ements could toss her way.
            Anything you do. or feel, you set about with
            expertise, with total commitment. You do nothing
            by halves.

            hammer
            go at it hammer and tongs: 1
            hammer and tongs
            If you go at it hammer and tongs, you do
            something very energetically, vigorously, and
            enthusiastically. This expression is used in
            British English.
            He loved gardening,' sniffed Mrs Gascoigne.
            'He went at it hammer and tongs as soon as he
            got back from work. '
            You can use hammer and tongs in other
            structures with a similar meaning.
            She will go hammer and tongs to get what
            she wants.
            They'll come at us from all angles, hammer
            and tongs, hut when we get the ball we'll go at
            them. It should be a good game.
            go at it hammer and tongs: 2
            go at someone hammer and tongs
            If you say that two people are going at it
            hammer and tongs, you mean that they are
            having a noisy argument. You can also say
            that one person is going at the other hammer
            and tongs. These expressions are used
            mainly in British English.
            ‘They were going at it hammer and tongs.'
            ‘What about?' 'I'm not very sure, but they were
            arguing. *

            Goodness knows how long she had been going
            hammer and tongs at the child like this.
            444
            under the hammer
            If something goes under the hammer, it is
            offered for sale at auction. This expression is
            used in British English: the American expression
            is on the block.

            L

            hand

            179

            The first half of the collection goes under the
            hammer on Friday and there are some real
            treasures.
            A portrait by Dutch master Rembrandt went
            under the hammer for £4.18 million at
            Sotheby's yesterday.
            Nine out of ten properties that come under
            the hammer are sold for less then their market
            value, and often the savings can be very

            marked

            hand
            bite the hand that feeds you
            44
            If you talk about someone biting the hand
            that feeds them, you mean that they are ungrateful
            and behave badly towards the person
            who has helped them or supported them.
            She may be cynical about the film industry,
            but ultimately she has no intention of biting
            the hand that feeds her.

            Talk about biting the hand that

            fed him!

            Leyland was a generous patron and Whistler
            insulted him unforgivably.
            This expression is sometimes varied.

            The world of the arts has turned to bite the
            hand that quadrupled the arts budget and
            underwrote the French cinema,

            bound hand and foot
            If you say that someone is bound hand and
            foot by something, you mean that they cannot
            act freely or do what they want because it
            prevents them, usually in a way that you consider
            unnecessary and harmful.
            'Within his own tribal laws,' she wrote, 'the
            aboriginal is bound hand and foot by tradi
            tion'
            In a land bound hand and foot by petty regulations
            and bureaucracy. Sterligov saw that
            there were thousands of deals just waiting to
            be done if only the buyers and sellers could be
            brought together.

            the dead hand

            4

            If you talk about the dead hand of someone
            or something, you are criticizing them for
            having a very negative influence on a situation,
            for example by preventing change or
            progress. This expression is used mainly in
            British English.
            The North Korean economy had started to
            shrink under the dead hand of central plan
            ning.
            Serious-minded, analytical academics were
            among those he most despised. They laid, he
            thought, a dead hand upon literature.

            444
            force someone's hand
            If someone forces your hand, they force you
            to do something that you are not ready to do
            or do not want to do.
            He blamed the press for forcing his hand. He
            claimed he hadn't wanted to talk about the


                evince -p 199 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            hand
            planned campaign against his daughter but
            had no choice when reporters told him they
            knew about it
            Today's move may be a tactical manoeuvre
            designed to force the hand of the Prime Minister.
            The Government is very reluctant to make
            such a move. But the exchange markets may
            force its hand, keeping up pressure on the
            pound until interest rates are raised

            a free hand
            If you have or are given a free hand to do
            something, you have the freedom to make
            your own decisions on how it should be done.
            I shall have a free hand and be able to train
            the squadron as I like.
            The South West African People's Party had to
            win a two-thirds majority in order to have a
            free hand in writing the constitution.
            She was given a totally free hand by her clients
            to do exactly as she pleased.

            get out of hand
            4-44
            If a situation or person gets out of hand,
            they cannot be controlled any longer. Com
            pare out of hand.
            At the time of the strike in the Gdansk ship
            yards in the summer Qf 1980. the Kremlin felt
            things were rapidly getting out of hand.
            Kenneth's aggressive nature has gotten a bit
            out of hand.
            give someone a big hand
            a big hand for someone

            If you ask an audience to give a big hand
            to a performer, you are asking them to clap
            him or her. You can also ask for a big hand
            for the performer.
            Pm Hal Morgan and these are the Praise
            Him Singers from Muncie, Indiana, so let's
            give 'em a big hand.

            one hand and take away
            with the other
            If you accuse someone of giving with one

            give with

            hand and taking away with the other, you

            mean that they seem to be helping you in one
            way, but are also doing something which has
            the opposite effect, for example harming you

            or preventing you from achieving what you
            want.
            The countries of the European Union alone
            spend more than $9 billion helping Africans
            build roads, plant saplings and fill bellies. Yet

            stays poor. One reason is that the rich
            world gives with one hand and it takes away
            with the other.
            Although my parents were very supportive, in
            a way they gave with one hand and took back
            with the other, because I never really learned
            what it was to be independent.

            Africa

            hand

            180

            hand in glove

            4

            If one person or organization is working
            hand in glove with another person or organization,
            they

            are working very closely togeth
            er. You usually use this expression to suggest
            that the people you are talking about are doing
            something dishonest or immoral.
            Many of the city's politicians are hand in

            glove with smugglers.
            Employment on the building sites is controlled
            by more than 40 gangs, who are believed
            to be hand in-glove with the police.

            hand in hand: 1
            If two things go hand in

            444

            hand, they

            are

            closely connected and cannot be considered
            separately from each other. You can also say
            that one thing goes hand in hand with another
            thing.
            The principle of the playgroup movement is
            that play and learning go hand in hand your
            child masters new skills and absorbs knowledge
            while having fun.
            Poland alone will need around 25,000 million
            dollars just to stop air, water and land pollution
            getting any worse. At that price, environmental
            reforms must go hand in hand with
            economic reforms.

            hand in hand: 2
            4
            If two people or organizations work hand in
            hand, they work closely together, often with a
            single aim. You can also say that one person
            or organization works hand in hand with another.
            Gooch and Stewart have worked hand in
            hand together for three years.
            Steelmakers are working hand-in-hand with
            auto makers to slash the cost of producing
            automotive parts.
            4
            hand over fist
            If someone is making money hand over fist,
            they are making a lot of money very quickly.
            If they are losing money hand over fist, they
            are losing it very quickly.
            North Carolina National Bank in its North

            Carolina operations is barely making money.
            But it's making money hand over fist in Texas.
            The companies had no skills and almost all
            were losing money hand over fist

            hand-to-mouth
            You can say that someone is acting in a

            hand-to-mouth way when they do not plan
            ahead, but decide what to do from day to day
            You usually use this expression critically or
            disapprovingly. This expression is used mainly
            in journalism. Compare live from hand to
            mouth
            Unless a government sets its course from the
            start, it is doomed to spend the rest of its term
            in hand-to-mouth improvising.
            The loyalists cannot conceal their worries


                evince -p 200 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            hand
            about what are seen to be the Prime Minister's
            hand to-mouth responses.
            have a hand in something
            -4-4-4
            take a hand in something
            If you have a hand in something, you are
            one of the people involved in doing it or creating
            it If you take a hand in something,
            you become involved in doing it or creating
            it

            The second wave of appointments yesterday
            included people who will have a hand in shap
            mg his policy.

            Peter is a very experienced yachtsman, and
            had a hand in the design himself.
            Perhaps it is time for ministers to step in and

            take a hand in deciding what services the BBC

            should provide now that the BBC is no longer
            the sole provider of national programmes.

            You can talk about the extent to which
            someone is involved by putting an adjective

            such as 'strong', 'big', or 'small' before 'hand'.
            Browner was a former legislative director to
            Senator Al Gore, who had a strong hand in
            her selection.

            have someone eating out of your hand
            have someone eating out of the palm
            of your hand
            4
            If you have someone eating out of your
            hand or have them eating out of the palm
            of your hand, they will do whatever you
            want because they admire you so much.
            These expressions are often used to refer to
            situations where someone is suspicious or uncooperative
            at first, but then starts to like you
            and agree to anything you say.
            No one can handle the press as she can and
            she usually has them eating out of her hand by
            the time they leave.
            He is a silver tongued lawyer famed for having
            juries eat out of the palm of his hand.
            The Governor was rather unhelpful to start
            with, but ended up eating out of our hands

            have to hand it to someone

            4

            In spoken English, people use expressions
            such as ‘I have to hand it to you' or ‘you've
            got to hand it to him' in order to acknowl
            edge how well someone has done something
            or how good they are at it. People use these
            expressions even when they do not like the
            person or do not approve of their actions.
            I have to hand it to you, though. You came
            pretty close to making a getaway
            Whatever you thought of his act. you had to
            hand it to him he knew how to make money.
            I've got to hand it to Yvonne; when she does
            something, she does it in a big way.
            a heavy hand
            4
            If you say that someone in a position of
            power uses a heavy hand in dealing with

            L

            hand

            181

            people, you mean that they treat people very
            harshly or severely and often unfairly.
            The Communists imposed a heavy hand on
            Eastern Europe and offered little room for po
            litical freedom.
            The heavy hand of the military has not prevented
            their economies from doing very well
            hold someone's hand
            4
            If someone holds your hand in an unfarm]
            iar or difficult situation, they help and support
            you, for example by being with you.
            Tony will hold your hand through the sale.
            check agents, suggest ways to make your home
            easier to sell, deal with offers and advise on
            particulars.

            The stuff were wonderful at holding our
            hands - taking us to ski hire and ski school
            and organising lift passes.
            I will support him up to a point but I can't
            hold his hand forever and there comes a time
            when John has to take responsibility himself
            People sometimes use the expression
            hand-holding to refer to the technical support
            which a company gives its customers.
            Customers are less witling to pay for service
            and hand holding, especially if they already
            own lots of machines.
            Several firms of stockbrokers are offering a
            hand holding service for investors who find
            form filling complicated
            in the palm of your hand: 1
            If you have a group of people, especially an
            audience, in the palm of your hand, they are
            giving you their full attention and are responding
            enthusiastically to everything you
            say or do.
            A cursory look at the audience shows that
            she's got them in the palm of her hand
            Then, with the audience in the palm of his
            hand, he drew a deliberate link between the
            welfare of the ‘kids' and next Tuesday's vote.

            in the palm of your hand: 2
            in the hollow of your hand
            If you have someone in the palm of your
            hand, you have complete control over them
            and they will do whatever you want. You can
            also say that you have them in the hollow of
            your hand.
            Boris shrugged off a warning that he is
            ‘playing with fire'. Barbara's ex boyfriend said
            ‘She has Boris in the palm of her hand '
            I reckoned I'd got Cheryl in the hollow of my
            hand.
            keep your hand in
            4
            If you do something to keep your hand in,
            you do it in order to use the skills which you
            have developed in the past, so that you do not
            lose them.
            I had to wait two years before 1 was offered
            another part, and just to keep my hand in, 1


                evince -p 201 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            hand
            went on tour with a play that wasn't very
            good.
            Words

            hand

            182

            -

            - written words were what mattered
            to him, and he kept his hand in writing books
            and magazine articles.

            know something like the back of your
            hand
            If you say that you know something like
            the back of your hand, you are emphasizing
            that you know it very well.
            He knows the city like the back of his hand.
            He was an amazing navigator. He could predict
            hurricanes and knew the sea like the back
            Of his hand.
            They were born in the county, knew it like
            the backs of their hands and wanted to get
            home before the snowstorm made the roads impassable.

            lend a hand
            lend someone a hand

            4-44

            If you lend a hand, you help someone to do
            something You can also say that you lend
            someone a hand
            (f I'd known, I'd have been glad to lend a
            hand you should have rung me up.
            I do the cooking and Bryan lends a hand
            with the washing-up.
            From the first day of your job search, the Em
            ployment Service will lend you a hand.
            Encourage him to lend a helping hand at
            such occasions as the school play or concert.
            A hand is used in many other structures
            with a similar meaning.
            I used to give Mary a hand with the catering.
            Need a hand with those?
            I could see you'd want a hand with the children.

            live from hand to mouth
            live hand to mouth

            44

            Someone who lives from hand to mouth or
            lives hand to mouth does not have enough
            money to live comfortably, and has no money
            left after they have paid for basic necessities.
            You can also say that someone like this is
            hand to mouth. Compare hand-to-mouth.
            I have a wife and two children and we live
            from hand to mouth on what I earn.
            1 just can't live hand-to-mouth, it's too frightening.

            I do look after the family finances, but we're
            always hand-to-mouth.
            You can also talk about a hand-to-mouth
            existence or a hand-to-mouth economy.
            Unloved and uncared-for, they live a meaningless
            hand to mouth existence.
            The village of Cuestecita is typical of the desperate
            hand-to-mouth economy that exists on
            the fringes of Cerrejon.

            an old hand
            If someone is an old hand at

            444

            something,

            they are very skilled at it because they have
            been doing it for a long time.
            Being faced with decorating a flat like this
            from scratch would have put a lot of people off,
            but Bryce relished the challenge. He is. after
            all, an old hand at this kind of project, having
            moved house six times in ten years.
            An old hand at photography. 34-year-old Tim
            has been shooting British landscapes and wildlife
            as a hobby for the last 13 years.
            Whether you're a beginner or an old hand,
            these two new books will help you enjoy this
            satisfying craft.

            You can describe someone as an older
            hand when you are comparing them with
            someone who is less experienced
            The original director left the project just days
            after filming began, to be replaced by Waris
            Hussein, an older hand in the art of dealing
            with strong female stars.
            Although candidates might safely talk at job
            interviews of commitment to serve the public,
            older hands find that such sentiments no longer
            command the respect in the outside world
            that they once did.

            out of hand

            444

            If you reject an idea or suggestion out of
            hand, you reject it without hesitating and
            without discussing it or considering it first.
            Compare get out of hand
            He has rejected out of hand any suggestion
            that there can be any compromise over the proposals

            He said he hadn't rejected the idea out of
            hand
            The Russian Federation leader did not dismiss
            the proposals out of hand
            4
            overplay your hand
            If someone overplays their hand, they act
            more confidently that they should, because
            they believe they are in a stronger position
            than they really are.
            US officials tried to persuade Nazarbayev he
            had overplayed his hand, that he would lose
            any prospects for economic and technical assis
            tance by holding onto the weapons.

            the right hand doesn't know what the
            left hand is doing
            If you say that an organization's right hand
            doesn't know what its left hand is doing.
            you mean that the people in one part of the
            organization do not know what the people in
            another part are doing and this is leading to
            confusion or difficulties. You use this expression
            when you want to criticize people or organizations
            for not communicating or cooperating
            properly.
            The great service industries of Britain are


                evince -p 202 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            hand
            still in the situation where their right hand
            doesn't know what the left is doing. Usually
            they dig up roads, fill them in and then anoth
            er service does the same a few days later.

            People sometimes vary this expression.
            At the moment it does seem a case of the
            right and left hand not working in tandem.
            The government's left hand discovered what
            its right hand was doing only at the end of the
            first week.

            show your hand

            In a competitive situation, if you show your
            hand, you let other people see what your position
            is and what you intend to do You can

            replace 'show' with ‘reveal'.
            On domestic politics he seemed unwilling to
            show his hand too dearly.
            It may be no accident that Manchester United
            have shown their hand in their attempt to lure
            David Hirst to Old Trafford.
            Whatever flexibility the European Commission
            thinks it has on agriculture, it is unlikely
            to reveal its hand before November 1st

            a steady hand on the tiller
            If you describe someone as having a steady
            hand on the tiller, you are showing admira
            tion for the way that they are keeping control
            of a situation. Adjectives such as ‘firm' can be
            used instead of ‘steady'.
            If ever there was an urgent need for a steady
            hand on the tiller, it is now,' said one European
            diplomat.
            He was convinced that the job of those in
            power was to keep a firm hand on the tiller
            guiding the course of national development.

            take someone in hand
            If you take someone or something in hand.
            you take control of them, in order to improve
            them.
            ‘This woman makes me strong,' he has said
            of his girlfriend of more than two years. She
            took him in hand and told him that she wanted
            to see him win again.
            I took myself in hand about a year ago and
            lost weight.
            The feeling is growing that the present government
            is incapable of managing, is drifting
            and only reacts to events rather than taking
            the situation in hand.
            Millions of pounds have been spent since 1978
            when the problem was first taken in hand, but
            millions more are still needed.

            throw in your hand
            If you throw in your hand, you give up trying
            to do something.
            Defeat on this embarrassing issue might just
            tip Mr Major into throwing in his hand.
            try your hand at something
            If you try your hand at something, you try

            183

            iianu

            doing it in order to see whether you like it or
            whether you are good at it.
            In his latest book, he tries his hand at fiction.
            After he left school, he tried his hand at a variety
            of jobs - bricklayer, cinema usher, coal
            mart.

            Several local people tried their hands at fish
            farming, only to discover the snags once their
            money had been invested.
            He tried his hand as a writer.
            Try your hand using some of the recipes on

            this page.

            turn your hand to something

            -4-4<

            If you turn your hand to something, you
            start doing it and do it well, even though you
            may not be trained to do it
            Judy is one of those women who can turn her
            hand to most things.
            Although he maintains he's first and foremost
            an actor, he has turned his hand to writing a
            short film which he's hoping to get off the

            soon.
            the upper hand
            ground

            If one side has the upper hand in a competitive
            situation, it has more power than the
            other side and can control things. If one side
            gains the upper hand, it gets more power
            and becomes able to control things.
            The changes are by no means revolutionary.
            but they do suggest that for the first time economic
            reformers now have the upper hand in
            the party hierarchy.
            Whenever conflict arose between her and her
            son, she held the upper hand, for she alone
            controlled the bulk of the family fortune
            Diplomats believe it is still far from clear
            which side is gaining the upper hand in the
            economic debate.
            He seems to have taken the upper hand by
            making a far bolder proposition.

            wait on someone hand and foot
            If someone is waited on hand and

            foot,

            an
            other person looks after them, taking care of
            them in every way and making them very
            comfortable. This expression is usually used
            to suggest that it is unreasonable for someone
            to be looked after in this way.
            Many men expect to be waited on hand and
            foot because they've been spoiled rotten by their
            mothers.
            If you are incapable of lying on a beach and
            being waited on hand and foot, then La
            Samanna, on the Caribbean island of St Martin.
            is not for you.

            with one hand tied behind your back: 1
            If you say that you can do something with
            one hand tied behind your back, you are
            emphasizing that you can do it very easily.
            The Explorer camcorder is so neat and nifty


                evince -p 203 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            handle
            you can operate it with one hand tied behind
            your back.
            I was just thinking, the average housewife
            could run Derby County with one hand tied behind
            her back, couldn 't she?

            with one hand tied behind your back: 2
            with your hands tied behind your back
            If you complain that you have to do something
            with one hand tied behind your back

            or with your hands tied behind your back,
            you mean that you have a disadvantage
            which makes it difficult for you to succeed.
            David Pleat is trying to steer us back towards
            the good old days, but he's having to do it with
            his one hand tied behind his back because he's
            had no money to spend on new players.
            We'd like to open when our customers want
            us to and not only when the law says we can.
            Basically we're competing with both our hands
            tied behind our back.
            They insist they would have won if the politi
            cians had not tied their hands behind their

            backs.

            handle
            fly off the handle
            4
            If you fly off the handle, you suddenly become
            very angry about something and behave
            in an uncontrolled and irrational way.
            When 1finally managed to get in touch with
            him. he flew off the handle. He shouted down
            the phone. How dare I question him? He was
            supposed to be doing me a favour.
            Unless some decision was reached they might
            fly off the handle and do something foolish.

            hands
            at the hands of someone

            hands

            184

            -4-4-4

            If someone experiences a particular kind of
            treatment, especially unpleasant treatment, at
            the hands of a person or organization, they
            receive it from them.
            After their 4-0 home defeat at the hands of
            Vitesse Arnhem. United may find morale a

            problem.
            She spoke of the humiliation she endured at
            the hands of the police.
            All the children suffered at her hands.

            change hands
            444
            If something changes hands, one person or
            organization gets it from another, usually by
            buying it.
            As an example, a bottle of this wine cost
            around £2 in 1962. Today, the same bottle
            would change hands for anything up to four
            hundred pounds.
            By the close of business, only 383 million
            shares had changed hands.
            The property has changed hands several
            times recently.

            It was a very confusing race, with the lead
            changing hands several times.
            When something is sold for a particular
            amount of money, you say that amount of
            money changes hands.
            Record sums of money changed hands at
            Christie's in New York, where a portrait by
            Vincent Van Gogh has been sold for more than
            eighty million dollars.

            dirty your hands
            If you say that someone does not dirty their
            hands, you mean that they avoid doing physical
            work or the parts of a job that they consider
            unpleasant or distasteful. This expression
            is often used in criticizing someone for
            not getting involved in things. Compare get
            your hands dirty.
            These are people who live in the commuter
            belt around the capital with more secure jobs
            and who have never had to dirty their hands
            to earn a living.
            Very few academics of his distinction are willing
            to dirty their hands with political activity
            to the extent that he does

            fall into someone's hands
            444
            fall into the wrong hands
            If someone or something falls into the
            hands of an opponent or enemy, they are taken
            or caught by that person. You can also say
            that they fall into the wrong hands
            There is a real fear that food supplies could
            fall into the hands of the Mafia, thus increasing
            the misery of ordinary citizens.
            On their release, the captain and officers were
            reprimanded for allowing their ship to fall into
            enemy hands.
            The proposal is regarded as risky, with the
            possibility of weapons falling into the wrong
            hands.
            get your hands dirty
            44
            If you get your hands dirty in your job,
            you get involved with all aspects of it, includ
            ing routine, practical, or more junior work, or
            dealing with people directly. This expression
            is usually used showing approval. Compare
            dirty your hands.
            Getting their hands dirty keeps top managers
            in touch with the problems of customers and
            the experience of the front line, and it shows
            everybody that serving customers is important.
            The second lesson is that the business schools
            need to get their hands dirty, forging closer
            links with the businesses that are their ulti
            mate customers.
            The guys at the top make all the money,
            while the people actually getting their hands
            dirty get exploited.

            get your hands on:1
            lay your hands on

            444

            If you get your hands on something you


                evince -p 204 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            hands
            want or need, or lay your hands on It, you
            succeed in obtaining it.
            •Jf people have decided to buy up everything
            they

            can lay their hands on,' he said, ‘what

            can I do about it?'

            First of all. how was he able to get his hands
            on that money so easily?
            The police are also worried about the deter
            mination of some right-wingers to get their
            hands on weapons.
            While the house was in the process of being
            decorated, they read all the books and maga
            zines they could lay hands on to get ideas.
            get your hands on: 2
            444
            lay your hands on
            If you get your hands on someone who has
            done something wrong or lay your hands on
            them, you catch them and usually punish
            them.
            She declared that if she could get her hands
            on him she would know what to do.
            That's the most likely explanation, they say,
            but we can 't be sure until we lay our hands on
            the culprits.
            If they do lay their hands on you, tell them I
            forced you to help me.
            Two policemen managed to lay hands on one
            of the gunmen who'd commandeered a taxi but
            then allowed him to get away.

            have your hands full
            your hands are full

            444

            If you have your hands full or if your
            hands are full, you are very busy You often
            use these expressions to indicate that you
            have many responsibilities or jobs, and do not
            have enough time for any more.
            The federal government will obviously have
            its hands full trying to enforce environmental
            laws while keeping residents happy.
            She's doing fine. Got her hands full with the
            kids, of course.
            His hands are quite full enough without having
            me around.

            in safe hands

            hands

            185

            444

            If you say that someone or something is In
            safe hands, you mean that they are being
            cared for by a competent person or organization
            and are therefore not likely to be harmed
            or damaged. Compare a safe pair of hands
            They could get on with their own lives, knowing
            their girls were in safe hands.
            All the time at the back of your mind you're
            aware that you're in the safe hands of a highly
            trained pilot.

            Senior military figures have been assuring
            the outside world that control of the weapons
            remains in safe hands.
            You can replace 'safe' with ‘good' or another
            adjective.
            Although I knew the children would be in

            good hands, and they'd have a great time. I
            still felt anxious.
            He was also forced to relinquish his business,
            which is now in the capable hands of his only

            son.
            in your hands

            444

            If something is in your hands, it is in your
            possession or under your control.
            Some delegates have criticised the move, say
            ing it will leave too much power in the hands
            of the party leadership.
            Seventy per cent of Azerbaijan's production
            came from the thirty per cent of the farmland
            still in private hands.
            Her passport to is to remain in police hands
            and she has to live at an undisclosed address.

            off your hands
            44
            If someone or something is off your hands.
            you are no longer responsible for them, be
            cause another person has taken responsibility
            for them instead of you. Compare on your
            hands.
            I can always take the children off your hands
            for a while, if you've nothing much else for me
            to do.
            He fervently hoped that all the girls would inherit
            their mother's beauty, and thus marry
            and be off his hands.
            Mr Robinson, who lives next door to the cottage.
            says: 7 was just glad to get it off my
            hands. '

            on your hands: 1

            444

            If you have a problem or task on your
            hands, you have to deal with it. Compare off
            your hands
            Mr Antall will have a tough fight on his
            hands to persuade a sceptical public of the virtues
            of a massive and instant dose of pairful

            remedies.
            What is already clear though ts that the Colombian
            police now have yet another drug
            problem on their hands.
            'Co and worry Inspector Upshire if you must. '
            he finished plaintively, 'I've got enough on my
            hands.'
            This expression is generally used to refer
            to bad or difficult situations. However, it is
            sometimes used to refer to good situations, for
            example when you say that someone has a hit
            or a success on their hands
            Greensleeves Records had a monster hit on its
            hands with Tippa Irie's 'Hello Darling'.
            Now. a few years on. the Barrys have a success
            story on their hands. They've transformed
            the whole of the house to create a comfortable
            home that they love.
            4
            on your hands: 2
            If you have a person on your hands, you
            are responsible for caring for them or dealing
            with them. You use this expression when this


                evince -p 205 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            hands
            responsibility is likely to be difficult or de
            manding for you. Compare off your hands.

            Graham said: 7 have got tired players on my
            hands and we are only five weeks into the sea

            son.'

            Those parents who took a lax attitude to
            family discipline now have hooligan children
            on their hands.

            out of your hands

            444

            If something is out of your hands, you are
            no longer responsible for it. Compare on your
            hands.
            The matter has been taken out of our hands.
            We are referring all enquiries on the disposal
            of County Hall to the Department of the Environment.
            Things were out of our hands now. We could
            only wait.
            Everyone

            hands
            say.

            hands

            186

            seems to forget that it's out of my

            - 1 can't control anything

            that people

            play into someone's hands
            444
            If you play into someone's hands, you
            make a foolish mistake or act in the way that
            they want you to act, so that they gain an ad
            vantage over you or defeat you.
            Trying to prevent an investigation not only
            plays right into the hands of our critics but
            will severely damage shoppers' confidence in
            their supermarkets.
            The main opposition parties played into his
            hands by boycotting the election.
            Iran 's spiritual leader has called for unity between
            the two government factions and said
            differences of opinion over policy could play
            into the hands of Iran's enemies.
            In each case it would be easy to react angrily
            this will only play into the hands of your
            critic.

            -

            rub your hands

            44

            If you say that someone is rubbing their
            hands, you mean that they are very pleased
            about something, often something bad which
            has happened to an enemy or opponent This
            expression is used mainly in British English.
            Leaders of the Windward Islands opposition
            parties are rubbing their hands in glee at the
            news that British banana magnates have suffered
            a cut in profits.
            By the turn of the century, there will be 20
            million mobile-phone subscribers in Japan
            Compare that with the 55 million conventional
            phone subscribers and you see why Japan's
            electronics firms are rubbing their hands.
            Hank Steinbrecher, General Secretary of the
            US Soccer Federation, used to sell breakfast cereal.
            Now he's rubbing his hands together at
            the prospect of selling the World Cup to the
            USA.

            a safe pair of hands
            4
            safe hands
            If you refer to someone, especially a politician,
            as a safe pair of hands, you mean that
            they are good at their job and unlikely to
            make any serious mistakes. This expression is
            used mainly in British English. Compare in
            safe hands.
            Douglas Hurd is widely regarded within the
            party as being what's known as a safe pair of
            hands.
            You can also refer to someone who is
            thought of in this way as safe hands.
            In front of Munich's city hall. Max Streibl
            and Theo Waigel urge people to vote again for
            safe hands.

            shake hands on something
            You can say that two people or groups
            shake hands on a deal or an agreement
            when they conclude it successfully.
            So keen were the Russians to shake hands on
            the deal that they offered to accept palm oil in
            part payment.
            There is hope of better behaviour; and it is
            heartening that these representatives of the
            three great faiths, Christianity, Judaism and
            Islam, should seem to shake hands on that
            44
            sit on your hands
            If you say that someone is sitting on their
            hands, you are criticizing them for not doing
            something which they ought to be doing
            I think the US troops there are beginning to

            quite embarrassed about sitting on their
            hands while refugees stream through the lines
            with tales of horror.
            The pace of development in Formula One is
            so fast that if you sit on your hands you quickly
            regret it.
            In American English, you can also use this
            expression to show your approval of someone
            for restraining themselves and waiting for the
            best time to take action.
            Force yourself to read the draft in its entirety.
            Sit on your hands. Give the draft a chance before
            you begin reworking it.

            feel

            sully your hands
            If you talk about someone sullying their
            hands by doing something, you mean that
            they would find it unpleasant or distasteful to
            do it. This is a formal expression, which is often
                used to criticize people's attitudes towards
            an activity.
            He had no intention of sullying his hands by
            playing politics: he wished to be, as he so frequently
            declared, 'above politics'.
            As the moral fabric of the isles goes from
            strength to strength, with some islanders barely
            sullying their hands with toil for fear of corruption,
            the economic fabric is likely to deteriorate
            severely.


                evince -p 206 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            hands
            wash your hands of something

            handsome

            187
            444

            If you wash your hands of a problem or of

            a person who causes problems, you refuse to
            be involved with them or to take responsibil
            ity for them any longer.
            In a sense the government has been washing
            its hands of the army's actions, especially its
            more destructive provocative actions.
            The Macclesfield MP said: 'We cannot wash
            our hands of responsibility for the state of the
            economy. '
            ‘If Charles was my patient I would wash my
            hands of him, ' said specialist Dr George Raine
            at the time.
            The government has got to do something
            about this. It cannot continue to sit back and

            wash its hands
            win hands down: 1
            44
            beat someone hands down
            If you say that someone wins a contest

            hands down, you are emphasizing that they
            w in it easily. You can also say that they beat
            someone else hands down
            They predict that if a general election was
            held now, the Conservative Party would win
            hands down.
            When he said he would beat me hands down,
            I didn 't expect him to run like that.

            win hands down: 2
            beat something hands down
            «
            When you are comparing things to see

            which is best, you can say that the thing
            which is clearly best wins hands down or
            beats the others hands down.
            The New Winter Palace Hotel wins hands
            down for both comfort and evocative location,
            situated a few steps away from the banks of
            the Nile and opposite the mountains on the
            West Bank.
            I had always enjoyed driving through the
            New Forest, but two-wheeled travel beats the
            car hands down.
            C You can also talk about a hands-down winner.
            This expression is used mainly in journalism.
            Foliage that looks presentable all season is a
            vital consideration in choosing plants for the
            border. Sedum 'Autumn Joy' is a hands-down
            winner m the foliage department.
            Hands down is used in other structures
            where you are saying that something is clear
            ly the best.
            We are hands-down, flat-out the leaders of the
            World in this.
            Grant Lee Buffalo have made I993's finest album.
            hands down.
            with your bare hands
            444
            If someone does something with their bare
            hands, they do it without using any weapons
            or tools.

            If I thought that, I'd kill you now with my
            bare hands.
            The protesters fought with bare hands, stones
            and knives.
            Rescue workers and residents were digging
            through tonnes of mud with shovels and their
            bare hands yesterday in search of survivors.
            You can also say that someone does something
            bare-handed.
            You see, nobody wants to die, nobody faces
            tanks bare handed just out of fanaticism.
            wring your hands
            444
            If you say that someone is wringing their
            hands, you mean that they are expressing
            sadness or regret about a bad situation, but
            are not taking tiny action to deal with it. You
            usually use this expression to show your disapproval
            of them for behaving like this.
            Yet while Europe faces its most barbaric con
            flict since the end of World War Two, the UN
            stands hopelessly on the sidelines, wringing its
            hands piously.
            Mr Ashdown had accused the Government of
            wringing its hands and doing nothing as the
            country's jobless figures spiralled
            When someone behaves like this, you can
            refer to hand-wringing or wringing of
            hands.
            Condolences and hand wringing are not
            enough.
            1 expect there'll be shock, horror and wring
            ing of hands.

            your hands are tied
            have your hands tied
            something ties your hands

            4-44

            If your hands are tied, something such as a
            law is preventing you from acting in the way
            that you want to. You can also say that you
            have your hands tied or that something ties
            your hands
            He would like to help but he is powerless because
            his hands are tied by regulations approved
            by the council of ministers.
            The Americans, however, know they cannot
            control the Security Council and prefer not to
            have their hands tied when they think action is
            needed
            The present rule ties jockeys' hands and I
            don 't feel it is fair. It should be changed.
            She would not admit to being angry, only
            frustrated by it all. "We feel as though our
            hands have been tied because we have no power
            at all. '

            handsome
            handsome is as handsome does
            pretty is as pretty does
            When people say handsome is as handsome
            does or pretty is as pretty does, they

            mean that you should

            judge

            someone by their


                evince -p 207 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            hang
            actions and not by their appearance. These
            are old-fashioned expressions.
            Handsome is as handsome does, my mother
            and grandmother always said in order to coun
            ter self-admiration.
            Instead of worrying about making a fool of
            yourself, forget about how your swing may
            look and concentrate instead on where you
            want the ball to go. Pretty is as pretty does.

            hang
            get the hang of something
            If you get the hang of an activity, you learn
            how to do it competently.
            Once one gets the hang of it, reading a good
            play can be a delightful and challenging experience.
            months', he says, "you think you
            are getting the hang of the language and expressing
            yourself quite well. '
            I was exhausted at first, but now that I've got
            the hang of it, I wouldn't know how to sit

            'After a few

            down and relax.
            hang someone out to dry
            If you say that someone has been hung out
            to dry, you mean that they are in a very diffi
            cult situation and have been abandoned by

            the people who previously supported them.
            Once again, the CIA apparently unable to
            resist political manipulation by the administra
            tion is in danger of being hung out to dry.
            Anything happens to you in there and. believe
            me, we'll hang you out to dry.

            -

            hang up your boots
            If a sports player, especially a footballer,
            hangs up their boots, they stop playing and
            retire.

            I want a few triumphs and medals to reflect
            on when I eventually hang up my boots.
            I'm slower now and the time has come to
            hang up my boots.
            D People often replace ‘boots' with another
            word which relates to a person's job, to mean
            that they stop doing that job.
            Superstar Clint Eastwood wants to hang up
            his cowboy hat. even though his latest western
            has received rave reviews.
            Nurse Christine Soutar hung up her uniform
            to look after her four young sons.
            As for the future of his boxing career, Taylor
            continues to maintain that he has hung up his
            gloves for good.
            ‘Hang up your boots' is used in British
            English. The other forms are used in both
            British and American English.

            let it all hang out
            If someone lets it all hang out, they behave
            in a very informal and relaxed way. without
            worrying about hiding their emotions or behaving
            politely.

            hard

            188

            The defence most frequently claimed for the
            baring of the more dreadful revelations is that
            of 'unburdening '; let it all hang out and you

            will feel better.
            You can use let-it-all-hang-out before a
            noun to describe a situation in which people
            behave m this way.
            In Hollywood, drugs have always been plentiful,
            but they began a spectacular ascent during
            the let-it-all hang-out Sixties.

            happy
            happy as a clam
            If you are happy as a clam, you are very
            happy. This expression is used in American
            English
            Join the other kids. Do that, and
            know it you'll be happy as a clam

            before you

            happy as a lark
            If you are happy as a lark, you are very
            happy.

            Look at me

            eighty two years old and happy

            as a lark!

            happy as a pig in muck
            If you are happy as a pig in muck, you are
            very happy. This is an informal expression,
            which is used in British English.
            From day one I adored it. I was as happy as
            a pig in muck.
            D This expression has several variations For
            example, some people talk about being happy
            as a pig In shit. Many people find this offensive.
            I'd much rather be as 1 am. I couldn t imagine
            being any different Happy as a pig in shit.
            Frankly, I was like a pig in shit - oh, how 1
            revelled in the opportunity of standing next to

            famous people!

            happy as a sandboy
            If you are happy as a sandboy, you are
            very happy This expression is used in British
            English
            He's all smiles and happy as a sandboy.

            happy as Larry
            If you are as happy as Larry, you are very
            happy. This is an informal expression, which
            is used in British English.
            / gave her a police badge to wear on her
            sleeve and she's as happy as Larry.
            I'd strapped him in his chair in the back and
            he'd sat there, happy as Larry

            hard
            hard as nails
            If you say that someone is as hard as nails,
            you mean that they are very unsympathetic
            towards other people, or do not seem to care
            about them.


                evince -p 208 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            hard
            He's a shrewd businessman and hard as
            nails.
            When necessary she could be as hard as
            nails.
            You can use hard-as-nails before a noun.
            That was his hard-as nails trade representa
            live. Carla Hills
            44
            hard done by
            If someone feels hard done by, they feel
            that they have been treated unfairly. This ex
            pression is used in British English.
            Those who felt hard done by made their dis
            satisfaction clear.
            He really felt they'd been hard done by. and
            he would have liked to right it.
            You can use hard-done-by before a noun
            to describe someone who is thought to have
            been treated unfairly.
            I'm the hard-done by husband.

            old habits die hard

            hare

            189

            444

            If you say ‘old habits die hard', you mean
            that people are often reluctant to change their
            way of doing something, especially something
            which they have been doing for a long time.
            Despite ideas of equality, old habits die hard
            and women still carry the main burden of looking
            after home and family.
            The Council had introduced some changes,
            but old habits die hard. The Management
            Committee was made up mostly of the former
            members of the old Board of Guardians, which
            had run the place for decades.
            You can use other words instead of ‘habit'.
            For example, if people are reluctant to change
            their opinions about something, you can say
            ‘old ideas die hard'.
            / don't believe we'll ever attain true equality
            until we have socialism, although I know worn
            en are still unequal in socialist countries and
            old attitudes die hard.
            The Germans are the first to admit that old
            national prejudices die hard
            Die-hard is used to describe people who
            continue to support a person or an ideology
            that is no longer popular with most people.
            The band broke up in 1970 and die hard fans
            have been waiting for a reunion ever since.
            The party congress is dominated by diehard
            conservatives clinging to traditional ideology.

            play hard to get
            If you say that someone is playing hard to
            get. you mean that they are deliberately mak
            ing it difficult for you to obtain something
            that you need from them, such as their agreement
            or permission.
            Only a few days ago. the Social Democrats
            were playing hard to get as the CDU tried to
            woo them into coalition talks.
            Dozens of newspaper articles tried to push the

            case for a 'yes' vote. But the French, ever suspicious
            of those in power, played hard to get.
            If you say that a woman is playing hard
            to get, you mean that she is discouraging a
            man from making sexual advances to her, as
            a way of making herself more attractive and
            interesting to him.
            She would also play hard to get with her admirers.
            She gleefully told a friend: 7 don 't an
            stver the telephone when he rings me. In fact he
            called me four times last night and I didn't
            pick it up. '
            'Why don't you leave me alone?' she said.
            Larry grinned again. 'Ah. you 're just playing
            hard to get '

            hardball
            play hardball
            •4
            If someone plays hardball, they will do
            anything that is necessary to achieve or obtain
            what they want, even if this involves being
            harsh or unfair. This expression is used
            mainly in American English. Compare play
            ball, see ball.
            He's going to play hardball, with money and
            with political favors.
            Playing hardball, Kodak has decided to can
            cel business with distributors that also sell
            Fuji products

            The White House decided to retaliate by taking
            jobs away from his state, showing they
            were tough guys who could play hard ball.

            hare

            run with the hare and hunt with the
            hounds

            If you say that someone runs with the hare
            and hunts with the hounds, you mean that
            they try to support both sides in an argument
            or conflict, in order to make their own life
            easier. This expression is used in British English.
            They want to keep the peace and have everybody
            happy. For this reason they learn very
            quickly to run with the hares and hunt with
            the hounds; to side with whoever is nearest in
            a relentless quest to avoid rows.

            start a hare
            If someone starts a hare, they introduce a
            new idea or topic which other people become
            interested in. This expression is used in Brit
            ish English.
            Some work needs to be done before the connection
            between aluminium and heart disease
            is proved to everyone's satisfaction. But Mr
            Birchall has started a hare that many researchers
            will be watching.


                evince -p 209 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            harness
            harness
            in harness:1

            4

            You say someone is in harness when they
            are actually doing a job which they have been
            appointed to do. This expression is used main
            ly in British English.
            He was with the labour battalion only a few
            weeks but he could at least feel himself to be
            properly in harness.
            They hope to have the Australian Test forward
            Troy Coker back in harness before the
            end of the season.
            4
            in harness: 2
            If two or more people work in harness, they
            work together or produce something together.

            This expression is used mainly in British
            English.
            Experts in production statistics and computing
            may work in harness on a single project
            At Opera North he will be in harness with
            Paul Daniel, the 34-year-old conductor appointed
            music director last year.

            hat
            eat your hat
            You say that you will eat your hat if a particular
            thing happens in order to emphasize
            that you do not believe that it will happen.
            This is an old fashioned expression.
            I will eat my hat if the Liberal Democrats improve
            their parliamentary representation at the
            next general election.
            He has promised to eat his hat if he is wrong.

            hat in hand

            hat

            190

            4

            If you go hat in hand to someone, you ask
            them very humbly and respectfully for money
            or help. This expression is used mainly in

            American English; the usual British expression
            is cap in hand
            The damage wrought by one such venture
            forced Illinois to go hat in hand to financiers
            in New York. London, and Boston to salvage
            its finances.
            He wont go hat-in-hand to the White House
            to ask that sanctions be lifted against his country.

            keep something under your hat
            4
            If someone tells you something and then

            asks you to keep it under your hat, they are
            asking you not to mention it to anyone else.
            Hardly anyone's been told except the families
            concerned and you, darling. So keep it under
            your hat.
            Look, if I tell you something will you promise
            to keep it under your hat. Promise now, not a
            word to anyone?
            4
            knock something into a cocked hat
            If you say one thing knocks another into a
            cocked hat. you are emphasizing that the

            first thing is much better or more successful
            than the second. This expression is used
            mainly in British English.
            I am writing a novel which is going to knock
            Proust into a cocked hat.
            As for being the most beautiful women in the
            world, Catherine Zeta Jones and the Princess
            of Wales could knock them all into a cocked
            hat

            old hat

            -4-4-4

            If you describe something as old hat, you
            are being scornful of it, because you think it
            is unoriginal or out of date
            The younger generation tell me that religion
            is old hat and science has proved this, but has
            it? The more l read of scientific discoveries, the
            more credible I find some parts of the Bible.
            It is to the credit of many British companies,
            dismissed as fuddy-duddy and old-hat, that
            they kept the flame of British quality alive.
            I think that's a bit old hat now, isn't it? I
            wanted to do something quite different.

            pass the hat
            pass the hat around
            4
            If people pass the hat or pass the hat
            around, they collect money for someone or
            something.

            The United States is also passing the hat
            among rich countries to help to pay for our
            military

            effort.

            Airbus will soon be passing the hat around
            again for an enormous 700-seat aeroplane.
            You can refer to an instance of this as a
            passing of the hat or a passing round of
            the hat.
            He explains the Somali custom of Qaaraan
            a kind of passing round of the hat for someone
            in dire need

            -

            pull a rabbit out of the hat
            pull something out of the hat
            44
            If someone pulls a rabbit out of the hat,
            they unexpectedly do something which solves
            a problem or helps them to achieve something.
            This expression is used mainly in journalism.
            'We pulled a rabbit out of the hat tonight,'
            said Toronto's coach Pat Bums.
            I cannot pull a rabbit out of a hat every time
            I go into the boxing ring. All I can do is do my
            best

            O This expression is often varied.
            It looks as though I will have to pull a few
            rabbits from the hat.
            Almost every politician with whom they had
            dealings appeared to act as if rabbits could
            pop out of any hat.

            You can also say that someone pulls someor
            successful out of the hat
            The Chancellor failed to pull any economic

            thing good


                evince -p 210 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            hat
            the hat last night when
            miracles out of strategy
            recovery

            veiled his latest

            he un
            for

            It's hard to identify anything he could pull
            really affect US

            out of his hat that would

            forces

            He might still be able to pull something out
            of his hat, but I'd be kind of surprised at this
            point.

            C This expression refers to a traditional magician's
            trick, in which a rabbit is produced
            mysteriously out of an apparently empty hat.

            take your hat off to someone
            hats off to someone

            -44

            If you say you take your hat off to someone.
            you are expressing admiration for something
            that they have done.
            I take my hat off to them. They've done very

            well.

            You have to take your hat off to whoever

            thought this one up.

            The chances are that we'll all be taking our
            off to Richardson's achievements by the
            autumn
            O You can also say hats off to someone.
            Hats off to them for supporting the homeless.
            Hats off to the journalists and to the camera
            men who have shown the pictures on television.
            hats

            talk through your hat
            If you say that someone is talking through
            their hat, you are saying rudely or scornfully
            that what they are saying is ridiculous or totally
            incorrect.
            Mrs Smith had told Adam he was talking
            through his hat if he thought economic ration
            alism would work.
            He is talking through his hat when he attributes
            the overcrowding and over -use of parts of
            the Lake District to its designation as a nation
            al park.

            throw your hat into the ring
            throw your cap into the ring

            hatch
            down the hatch
            If you say some food or drink goes down
            the hatch, you mean someone eats or drinks

            it, usually quickly or greedily.
            A record £4.4 billion worth of confectionery
            went down the hatch last year.
            My daughter raised the shell to her lips.
            closed her eyes and down the hatch went the
            oyster.
            People sometimes say 'down the hatch!'
            just before drinking an alcoholic drink.
            She said 'Down the hatch'' and drank the
            whole lot in one gulp.

            hatches
            batten down the hatches

            •4

            If you batten down the hatches, you prepare
            for a difficult situation by doing everything
                you can to protect yourself.
            While most companies are battening down the
            hatches, fearing recession, Blenheim is leading
            an assault on the US market.
            They are obviously battening down the
            hatches in order to prepare a plan

            hatchet
        bury the hatchet | gräva ner stridsyxan
            When people who have quarrelled bury the hatchet, they agree to forget their quarrel and become friends again.
            One employee said Viscount Althorp had been
            to see his father before his death and this
            showed the two had finally buried the hatchet
            after their falling-out
            l want to bury the hatchet. I still love her.
            4
            a hatchet job
            To do a hatchet job on someone or something
            means to say or write a lot of bad
            things about them in order to harm their
            reputation.

            4

            If you throw your hat into the ring or
            throw your cap into the ring, you become
            one of the people taking part in a competition
            or contest. Other verbs are sometimes used
            instead of ‘throw'.
            She would have been the first woman to serve
            as Germany's top diplomat, but she lost the
            nomination after Kinkel threw his hat into the
            ring at the last moment.
            He said straightaway that he would play. /
            am delighted that he has decided to throw his
            cap into the ring.
            IAISI night the senior backbencher. Cyril
            Townsend, who was originally opposed to a
            contest, called for Mr Heseltine to put his hat

            into the ring.

            hatchet

            191

            Tories fear the Shadow Home Secretary can
            do the same hatchet job on Mr Major as he
            has on Home Secretary Michael Howard.
            His review of the Monies' Marquee gig was
            the most heavily poisoned hatchet job I have
            read in this paper.

            a hatchet man

            4

            You describe a man as a hatchet man when
            his job is to destroy things or do unpleasant
            tasks, often on behalf of someone else. This
            expression is usually used showing disapproval.

            But Hall, they reckoned, was a hatchet man,
            out to shred the workforce and totally crush
            the union.
            He had to play the hatchet man and it was
            not pleasant for the many he laid off.


                evince -p 211 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            haul
            haul
            a long haul
            44
            in something for the long haul
            If you say a task or course of action will be
            a long haul, you mean that it will be very
            difficult to deal with and will need a great

            deal of effort and time.
            Revitalising the economy will be a long haul.
            The American Defence Secretary, Mr Dick
            Cheney, said the United States was prepared
            for a long haul.
            International banking sources suggest that
            the bank and its president face a long haul to
            rebuild credibility.
            In American English, if you say that you
            are in something for the long haul, you
            mean that you intend to continue doing it until
            it is finished, even if it is difficult or unpleasant.
            Impatience is not our problem. We're in it for
            the long haul. Five years is the minimum.

            over the long haul

            44

            If you talk about the effect that something
            will have over the long haul, you are talking
            about its effect over a long period of time in
            the future. This expression is used mainly in
            American English.
            The fact is that over the long haul, most investors
            would be pleasantly surprised at just
            how much can be earned by putting their money
            into good, sound, safe investments.
            The smart economic message for the nation is
            that prudent leadership, coupled with patience,
            will accomplish more over the long haul.

            hawk
            watch someone like a hawk
            If you watch someone like a hawk, you pay
            close attention to everything they do, usually
            to make sure that they do not do anything
            wrong.
            Some guys just sit there and watch her like a
            hawk, dead sure she's trying to cheat.
            If we hadn't watched him like a hawk, he
            would have gone back to London.

            hay
            make hay while the sun shines
            4
            make hay
            If you make hay while the sun shines, you

            take advantage of a good situation which is
            not likely to last
            Making hay while the sun shines, the Egyptian
            government has taken radical measures to
            liberalise the economy.
            You've got to make hay while the sun shines
            and it doesn't shine long in a sporting life.
            This expression is often varied.

            head

            192

            We were determined to make hay while we
            could.
            You can say that someone makes hay out
            of any situation that they take advantage of,
            especially if you disapprove of their behaviour.
            There are unscrupulous therapists who will
            try to make hay out of the government's newfound
            interest in alternative medicine.
            The New Zealand media made hay with the
            issue.

            head
            bite someone's head off
            snap someone's head off
            If someone bites your head off, they speak
            to you in an unpleasant, angry way, because
            they are annoyed about something. You can
            also say that they snap your head off
            Whenever possible, suggest she talks about it
            but be aware she may bite your head off for
            your trouble.
            And don't bite my head off just bemuse
            you're bad tempered.
            I snapped her head off on the phone.

            bury your head in the sand
            44
            If you say that someone is burying their
            head in the sand, you mean that they are deliberately
            refusing to accept the truth about
            something unpleasant. Verbs such as 'stick',
            'hide', and 'keep' are sometimes used instead
            of ‘bury'.
            Don't be an ostrich and bury your head in
            the sand, hoping your problems will disappear.
            No one has the luxury of sticking their head
            in the sand when it comes to standing up for
            basic civil rights.
            You can also say that someone has a head
            In the sand approach or a head In the sand
            attitude. This form is used mainly in journalism.

            I oppose it because it's a stupid, head in-thesand approach to the global problem of nuclear
            waste disposal
            D People used to think that ostriches buried
            their heads in the sand when they were in
            danger.

            can do something standing on your
            head

            If you say that you can do something standing
            on your head, you are emphasizing that
            you can do it very easily.
            'Guess I can leave that to you and Tom,

            huh?' Since Tom, the cameraman, had won five
            Oscars during his tong working life, and could
            have directed the whole picture standing on his
            head while playing a game of cards. Joanna
            didn't need to answer this one.


                evince -p 212 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            head
            cannot make head or tail of something4
            If you cannot make head or tail of someor
            cannot make head nor tail of it,
            you cannot understand it at all.
            I couldn't make head or tail of it myself, but
            it sounded like part of some sort cf hymn or

            thing

            prayer.

            I did understand the recent fury cf the railroad
            clerks, who went on strike because they
            couldn't make head nor tail of a new American

            ticket writing computer called ‘Socrates'.

            come to a head
            444
            bring something to a head
            If a problem or disagreement comes to a
            head, it reaches a state where you have to
            take action to deal with it. You can also say
            that a particular event or factor brings a
            problem or disagreement to a head.
            Matters came to a head on Monday when he
            implicitly threatened to dissolve Parliament of

            a committee of MPs threw out the government's
            political reform program.
            These problems came to a head in September
            when five of the station's journalists were
            sacked.
            It was Mrs Thatcher's attitude and style cf
            ter

            leadership over Europe that really brought
            things to a head.

            a cool head
            44
            If someone keeps a cool head, they remain
            calm in a difficult situation.
            / have to keep a cool head and try not to let
            my anger show.
            Planning and cool heads are needed above all
            to repair the damage the storm has wrought.
            I value her cool head when Pm trying to
            come to a decision.

            do your head in

            4

            If something or someone does your head in,
            they make you very unhappy, upset, confttsed,
            or ill, and make you feel as if you cannot
            cope or are going mad. This expression is
            used mainly in spoken British English.
            During her year off she worked at a boutique
            in Bromley, doing things like cleaning coat
            hangers. ‘It did my head in, ' she laughs.
            A man who has lost his memory made an
            emotional appeal for help yesterday. ‘Somebody
            out there must know who I am - this is doing
            my head in. '

            fall head over heels
            be head over heels

            44

            If you fall head over heels in love with
            someone, you fall suddenly and deeply in love
            with them. If you are head over heels in
            love, you are very deeply in love.
            It was obvious that Alan had fallen head

            over heels in love with

            head

            193

            Veronica.

            When I was 18. I fell head over heels for my
            'proper' boyfriend. Alex.
            It's plain from the sheepish tone in Colin's
            voice that he's head over heels.

            first

            from head to toe
            from head to foot
            444
            You can use from head to toe or from
            head to foot to emphasize that you are talking
            about the whole of someone's body From

            top to toe means the same.
            She was covered from head to toe with black
            and blue marks.
            She was trembling from head to foot.
            Mrs Smith's daughter came, dressed head to
            toe in black.
            The boy is wrapped head to foot in a green

            blanket.

            use head-to-toe or head-to-foot
            before a noun.
            He turned up clad in head-to-toe black.
            Standing against the wall was this man in
            head to foot leather.
            get in over your head
            4
            be in over your head
            If you say that someone gets in over their
            head, you mean that they become deeply involved
            in a situation which is too difficult for
            them to deal with. You can also say that
            someone is in over their head.
            Five years ago the Dutch director George
            Sluizer made a quietly horrifying film. The
            Vanishing, about a man who gets in over his
            head as he searches obsessively for his missing
            girlfriend.
            He realized that he was in over his head, and
            that only his family could help him.
            get your head around something
            get your mind around something
            4
            If you get your head around something
            such as a new or unfamiliar idea, you succeed
            in understanding it or accepting it.
            He can't get his head around the fact that the
            children bom in this country are not ‘immi
            O You can

            grants'.

            I haven't quite got my head round it yet but
            it's brilliant. This is the first money we've ever
            been given to do our thing.
            You can also say that you get your mind
            around something.
            MacGregor took the job with integrity and
            got his mind round complicated issues.
            give someone their head
            44
            If you give someone their head, you allow
            them to do what they want to do, without try
            ing to advise them or stop them.
            He was a nice, decent man who treated people
            properly and he recognised ability and gave
            people their heads


                evince -p 213 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            head

            194

            By giving nationalism Us head, the common
            ists unleashed forces they could not control.
            44
            go over someone's head: 1
            If you go over the head of someone who is
            in authority or who has responsibility for
            something, you appeal to a higher authority
            than them in an attempt to get what you

            want.
            Don1 break office protocol by going over your
            boss's head. But make sure that your seniors
            know what suggestions came from you.
            He was reprimanded for trying to go over the
            heads of senior officers.
            What if he follows through on his threats to
            go over the heads of the Congress to the people?

            go over someone's head: 2
            be over someone's head
            44
            talk over someone's head
            If something that someone says or writes
            goes over your head, you do not understand
            it because it is too difficult for you. You can
            also say that something is over your head or
            that someone talks over your head.
            The few books that exist today either come
            from abroad, having been written for preschool
            native speakers, or introduce grammar
            that goes over young heads.
            I bought a handful cf photographic magazines
            last month and when I got home to read
            them, l found they were completely over my

            head.

            The nurses were brilliant at explaining every
            thing. However, the doctors talked over my
            head and did not involve me in decisions.

            go to your head: 1
            44
            If you say that someone lets success go to
            their head, you mean that they start to think
            that they are better or cleverer than other
            people, and they begin to behave in an arrogant
            or silly way.
            Ford is definitely not a man to let a little success
            go to his head. He knows he still has a lot
            to learn.
            I think Jenny's salary rise went to her head
            She felt that because she had so much more
            money than l did. she could speak her mind
            and I'd just have to listen
            go to your head: 2
            If alcohol goes to your head, it makes you
            slightly drunk and perhaps affects your judgement
            so that you do silly things.
            He was not accustomed to strong liquor and
            it went to his head
            hang over your head
            44
            If you say that something difficult or unpleasant
            is hanging

            over your

            head, you

            mean that it worries you because it may
            cause something bad to happen to you in the
            future.

            head
            If the post fell vacant, it is unlikely that the
            Home Office would want to appoint him if an
            inquiry was hanging over his head
            Now that thousands of nuclear weapons were
            hanging over everyone's head, modem technology
            no longer sounded entirely wonderful
            And with the threat of American trade sanctions
            hanging over its head, the Japanese government
            decided to reach a compromise with
            the United States.
            have your head in the clouds
            with your head in the clouds
            4
            If you say that someone has their head In
            the clouds, you mean that they are out of
            touch with reality and perhaps have impractical
            ideas about achieving success. You can
            also say that someone does something with
            their head in the clouds.
            Whether some of them still have their heads
            in the clouds after our FA Cup win over Spurs,
            1 don't know.
            When we were leaving school Rosemary used
            to say she was going to be a very rich lady one
            day. We all thought it was typical of her, she
            seemed to live with her head in the clouds.
            You can also use head-ln-the-clouds before
            a noun.
            He was a classics man, from Oxford l think.
            A rather head in the clouds man.
            have your head screwed on
            If you say that someone has their head
            screwed on, you mean that they are sensible
            and realistic.
            Good girl! I always knew you had your head
            screwed on properly.
            The only one with her head screwed on was
            granny.
            have your head up your arse
            have your head up your ass
            If someone accuses you of having your
            head up your arse or of having your head

            up your ass. they are criticizing you for deliberately
            refusing to accept the truth about
            something, or for thinking more about yourself
            than about other people or things that are
            happening around you. This is a very informal
            expression, which many people consider
            offensive. The form with ‘arse' is used in British
            English and the form with ‘ass' is used in
            American English.

            head and shoulders above someone
            444

            If you say that one person or thing is head
            and shoulders above others of their kind,
            you mean that they are clearly better than
            them. People occasionally use other prepositions
            instead of ‘above'.
            In the world of newspaper publishing, there
            is one success story that stands head and
            shoulders above the rest.


                evince -p 214 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            head
            Richards, according to Imran Khan, was
            player at
            his peak.
            So wrote the Negro author, Louis Lomax,
            catching the crucial spark that made Martin
            Luther King Jr stand out head and shoulders
            from his fellow ministers in the South.
            4
            head of steam:1
            If someone builds up a head of steam, they
            gradually become more and more angry, anxious,
            or emotional about something until they
            can no longer hide their feelings.
            Bob was the most angry, as if in waiting for
            the other items to be cleared he had built up a
            greater head of steam.
            a head of steam: 2
            If someone gets a head of steam for something
            such as a plan or cause, they gain a lot
            of support for it.
            While most senior Conservative MPs still believe
            an election next year is more likely,
            there's an increasing head of steam behind November.
            Hitherto, the only remedy for the victims qf

            head and shoulders above any other

            judicial mistreatment has been to get friends
            and relatives to campaign for public support
            and to get a sufficient head of steam to force
            the Foreign Office to act on their behalf.

            head-to-head: 1

            444

            If two people or organizations go head-tohead. they compete directly with each other.
            This expression is used mainly in talking
            about business and sport.
            General Motors and Ford are expected to go
            head to head in the markets to buy up rival
            15% stajses in Jaguar.
            Some Mexican businessmen and farmers fear
            they will lose out when they compete head to
            head with their US counterparts.
            Radio I is our main competitor and we will
            primarily be head-to-head with them.
            You can also talk about a head-to-head

            battle or competition.
            American Airlines, which is in a desperate
            head-to-head battle for custom with British Airways,
            was quick to point out that they have
            been offering such cheap fares since April.
            As top athletes, we should be running against

            each other whenever possible. Head-to-head
            competition makes our sport what it is.

            head-to-head: 2

            4

            If two people or groups who are in conflict
            have head-to-head talks, they meet to discuss
            •he subjects they disagree about.
            They have just begun a third session of head
            head talks which are expected to last until

            late afternoon.

            h is not worth arguing head-to-head with this

            Person but better to listen to them and offer

            Vour opinion.

            head

            195

            A head-to-head is a discussion, disagree
            ment. or confrontation,

            Next time you have a headlohead with someone
            in authority, watch your language.
            hold a gun to someone's head
            put a gun to someone's head
            4
            If someone holds a gun to your head or

            puts a gun to your head, they force you to
            do something by threatening to take extreme
            action against you if you do not do it. People
            sometimes use 'pistol' instead of 'gun'.
            The problem with this process is that it's
            been undertaken with the reality and threat of
            continuing genocide held as a gun to our
            heads.
            Not a man to have a gun put to his head, Mr
            Riordan was soon tearing up the offer and cancelling
            future meetings with the union.
            The banks' insistence on action has put a pistol
            to their heads.

            keep your head
            44
            If you keep your head, you remain calm in
            a difficult situation Compare lose your head.
            Keep your head. A calm presence is an invaluable
            asset.
            The most important thing is to keep your
            head and look to the future.

            keep your head above water
            44
            If you are trying to keep your head above
            water, you are struggling to survive, for example
            by keeping out of debt.
            Thousands of other small businesses like
            mine are, at best, struggling to keep their
            heads above water or, at worst, have gone bust.
            He wrote his first novel at fourteen, his second
            at sixteen and his third at nineteen. 7 felt
            l was sinking, and the writing was a way of
            keeping my head above water. '

            keep your head down:1
            get your head down
            44
            In a difficult or dangerous situation, if you
            keep your head down, you try to avoid trou
            ble or involvement by behaving in a quiet
            way, so that people will not notice you. You
            can also say that you get your head down.
            I just decided to keep my head down and do
            my job and eventually I was accepted by the
            male pilots and everything was going well.

            After unity, he had little time for Christian
            Democrats who had kept their heads down under
            the old regime.
            Many have spent the last two years with their
            heads down, surviving as best they could
            throughout the economic hardships.
            If I'd got Noll back and there'd been no sign
            of Oliver, I'd have got my head down somewhere,
            changed my name, asked for police protection.
            done anything to keep him safe.


                evince -p 215 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            head
            keep your head down: 2
            44
            get your head down
            If you keep your head down, you continue
            to concentrate and work hard at something. If
            you get your head down, you start to concentrate
            and work hard at something.
            When he gets a chance of winning he keeps
            his head down and really goes for iL
            It's obviously difficult to play when this sort
            of thing is going on around you, but they have
            to get their heads down and battle on.
            4
            knock something on the head: 1
            If you knock a story or idea on the head,
            you show that it is not true or correct. This
            expression is used in British English.
            It's time to knock on the head the idea that
            we are not fully human, not fully alive, unless
            we have that special somebody in our lives.
            I think this is another fallacy that needs to be
            knocked on the head, the idea that women never
            went out to work till the First World War.
            knock something on the head: 2
            If you knock an activity on the head, you
            decide to stop it, or not to go ahead with it.
            This expression is used in British English.
            I remember us in the early days saying: 'We'll
            never be like The Rolling Stones. When we stop
            enjoying ourselves, we'll knock it on the head.'
            laugh your head off
            44
            shout your head off
            If you are laughing your head ofT, you are
            laughing a great deal. If you are shouting
            your head off, you are shouting a great deal.
            You can use other verbs with similar meanings
            to 'laugh' and 'shout' in this way.
            They were probably laughing their heads off.
            Laura was sitting inside, giggling her head
            off
            There was one bloke in the box shouting his
            head off.
            They were yelling their heads cff.
            444
            lose your head
            If you lose your head, you panic and do not
            remain calm in a difficult situation. Compare
            keep your head.
            Michael Heseltine warned the party not to
            lose its head, saying that it was not a ‘time for
            panic'.
            He said that he had never used the green flag
            before for an express train, but on this occasion
            he lost his head.
            When he was questioned by the police, he
            completely lost his head, told a number of lies
            and omitted to mention one or two things that
            might have helped him.

            not right in the head
            4
            If you say that someone is not right in the
            head, you mean that they are strange, foolish,

            head

            196

            or crazy. This expression is used mainly in
            spoken English.
            'According to Great-aunt Luise,' / said, 'the
            grandmother wasn't quite right in the head.
            Maybe Mrs Issler was ashamed of that too. '

            off the top of your head:1

            •4

            If you say that you are commenting on
            something off the top of your head, you
            mean that what you are about to say is an
            immediate reaction and is not a carefully considered
            opinion, and so it might not be correct.
            This expression is used mainly in spo
            ken English.
            / can't remember off the top of my head
            which plan they used, but it certainly wasn't
            the Ordnance Survey plan.
            Last year the amount of money we put into
            curriculum initiatives development and support
            was, off the top of my head, I think about
            twenty-eight thousand pounds.
            I am thinking off the top of my head here.
            off the top of your head: 2
            4
            If you know something off the top of your
            head, you know it well and can remember it
            easily.

            He doesn't draw a breath when he responds
            to those questions, he just knows the answers
            off the top of his head
            OK, off the top of your head, do you know the
            capital of South Korea ?
            He couldn't give a list off the top of his head
            of what he considers to be the most important
            cases decided by the Supreme Court over the
            past 20 years.

            off your head: 1

            4

            If you say that someone is off their head,
            you mean that they are very strange, foolish.
            or dangerous. This is an informal expression.
            which is used mainly in British English.
            It's like working in a war zone. You must be
            off your head to Uve in that area.
            It's Ian Trimmer. He's gone completely off his
            head. He's holding my wife hostage at the
            Arrigo Hall. He's threatening to kill her.
            4
            off your head: 2
            If someone is off their head, they have taken
            so many drugs or drunk so much alcohol
            that they do not know what they are doing.
            This is an informal expression, which is used
            in British English.
            I find it really annoying the way people come
            up to you and say 'Hey, I just smoked a couple
            of joints and I'm really off my head. '
            Basically, this song sounds great when you're
            off your head on Ecstasy.

            on your head
            You can use

            expressions such as on your
            own head and on your head be it to warn
            someone that they are responsible for some

                evince -p 216 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            head
            that they intend to do or something that
            as a consequence. These expressions
            are used more commonly in British English
            than American.
            ff you choose to ignore my generous offer.
            then on your own heads be U.
            4
            out of your head: 1
            If you say that someone is out of their
            head, you mean that they are very strange,
            foolish, or dangerous. This is a fairly informal
            expression.
            If he didn't kill anybody it was only by luck
            because he was out of his head and screaming
            like a maniac.
            7 can't ever see us doing anything else,' states
            Brian pragmatically. 'We're going to be 70
            years old, out of our heads and still moaning
            about it. '
            out of your head: 2
            thing

            happens

            out of your skull

            4

            If you say that someone is out of their head
            or out of their skull, you mean that they
            have drunk so much alcohol or taken so
            many drugs that they do not know what they
            are doing. These are informal expressions.
            Did she take a great deal of drugs herself?
            'Good God. no. I get out of my head on one
            glass of wine, ' she says.
            Everybody was totally out of their skull on

            I

            head

            197

            smack.
            put your head above the parapet
            keep your head below the parapet
            4
            If someone puts their head above the parapet,
            they do or say something in public that
            has previously been kept private, and risk being
            criticized or attacked. Verbs such as
            'raise', 'stick', or 'lift' can be used instead of
            'put'. This expression is used in British English.
            In private, however, some now acknowledge
            this is a policy option which cannot be ignored
            although they are not prepared to put their
            heads above the parapet to say so.
            Communicating with the public was seen by
            many scientists to be necessary, so that the case
            for using animats in medical experiments could
            be made: 'We've got to stick our heads above
            the parapets to show we are actually ordinary
            People trying to do a good job for humankind '
            People have become more and more reluctant
            to raise their head above the parapet - people
            ore frightened to address these issues.
            O If someone keeps their head below the
            Parapet, they do not risk saying or doing
            something in public that has previously been
            kept private, even though they may feel that
            they ought to.
            We are not very good at publicity stunts, at
            drawing attention to ourselves. We like to keep
            °ur heads below the parapet

            put your head in a noose
            stick your head in a noose
            If you put your head in a noose or stick
            your head in a noose, you deliberately do
            something which will put you in danger or in
            a difficult situation.
            If I have to be caught. OK, but l am damned
            if l will put my head in a noose and walk into
            that hotel!
            He is saying things no one else dares to. He is
            sticking his head in the noose for you and he's
            probably gonna die for it.

            rear its head
            raise its head
            rear its ugly head

            444

            If you say that something undesirable rears
            its head or raises its head, you mean that it
            starts to appear or be active. You often use
            this expression when the thing you are talk
            ing about appears again after being hidden or
            absent for a period of time.
            When a problem rears Us head there is a ten
            dency to get bound up in U and lose your confi

            dence.
            Now the same ugly forces of racial hatred are
            beginning to rear their heads again.
            The familiar pattern of violence is raising its
            head once again in Punjab.
            People often say that something undesir
            able rears or raises its ugly head.
            Any club where there is a pitch invasion will
            find itself with questions to answer We will
            not allow hooliganism to rear its ugly head
            again.

            Igor Reichlin, who writes for 'Business Week'.
            looks at fears that inflation may yet raise its
            ugly head again, affecting both Germany and
            its eastern neighbours.

            scratch your head

            444

            If you are scratching your head about a
            problem or question, you are puzzled and unsure
            about what to do or what the solution is.
            Councillors in the Shetlands are still scratch
            ing their heads over how the arrival of a firm
            of consultants to advise on streamlining the
            authority resulted in 75 additional jobs and extra
            costs of £1.2m a year.
            Even as the troops mingled wUh the children
            inside the orphanage, relief workers outside
            were scratching their heads about what to do
            next.
            A lot of people are scratching their heads and
            saying. "What are we doing? Are we getting
            our money's worth?'
            You can also talk about head-scratching.
            That caused a lot of head scratching and another
            hour and a half delay, but finally things
            seemed to work all right.


                evince -p 217 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            headlights
            turn something on its head
            •444
            stand something on its head
            If you turn something such as an argument
            or theory on its head or stand it on its head.
            you use the same facts to produce a different
            or opposite conclusion.
            Instead of pleading for women's rights, the
            Equal Opportunities Commission should turn
            the argument on its head and point out the
            cost of denying women the right to earn.
            Across the country the communists built up a
            network of party cells in every factory and
            farm. Hut the theory of workers' control was
            stood on its head: they obeyed the diktats of the
            party, and its local bosses behaved like petty tyrants.

            headlights
            like a rabbit caught in the headlights
            like a deer caught in the headlights 4
            If you say that someone is like a rabbit
            caught In the headlights or like a deer

            caught in the headlights, you mean that
            they are so frightened or nervous that they do

            not know what to do.
            He just sat there, like a rabbit caught in the
            headlights.
            Gore claimed that President Bush and Quayle
            were like deer caught in the glare of headlights
            when the recession hit.
            This expression is very variable. For example,
            you can just say that someone is caught
            or frozen In the headlights.
            That's a bad place to be. They're sort of frozen
            in the headlights and they don't know
            what to do, so they're going to stand there and
            do nothing.
            It often seems, from the outside, that the optimum
            strategy for a writer caught in the headlights
            of unexpected celebrity is simply to keep
            bashing on, to keep writing and publishing.

            heads
            heads roll

            heap

            198

            44

            If heads roll when something goes wrong,
            the people responsible or in positions of pow
            er are punished, usually by losing their Job or
            position.

            This week one senior government official hinted
            that some undesirable heads will almost certainly
            roll.
            The widely-held view is that heads should

            roll over the losses.
            In the old days one might have expected a
            prompt resignation in the wake of so serious a
            fiasco. Even now, at least one senior head
            ought surely to roll.
            knock people's heads together
            bang people's heads together
            4
            When people disagree and someone in

            authority knocks their heads together or
            bangs their heads together, they force them
            to reach an agreement These expressions are
            used mainly in British English.
            If he's unable to knock everybody's heads together,
            then questions are going to be raised
            about his own ability to continue in office.
            'John believes that you usually get what you

            want by talking to people rather than banging
            heads together, ' said an aide.

            put your heads together
            4
            If people put their heads together to solve
            a problem, they try to solve it together.
            ff there's a problem, there's no sense of floundering
            around. We all just sit down, put our
            heads together and figure it out.

            turn heads

            444

            If someone or something turns heads, they
            are so beautiful, unusual, or impressive that
            people are attracted to them and cannot help
            looking at them or paying attention to them.
            At the age of 20, the dark-haired actress was
            already turning heads in the right places.
            The Aston sits squarely and surely on the
            road: it's a handsome car that turns heads
            wherever it goes.
            The Flying Elephants, who sing original material
            in English, are already big in their own
            country and are currently turning heads in
            America.
            O Journalists sometimes describe someone or
            something as head-turning, or refer to them
            as a head-turner.
            Cardams' designers have created a range of
            head-turning evening wear in their latest collection.
            The car is solid, fun to drive, quick off the
            blocks and a real head turner

            headway
            make headway

            444

            If you make headway, you make progress
            in the thing that you are trying to achieve.
            A spokesman said the two sides have agreed
            on a timetable for the rest of the talks and
            have also made headway on some security is
            sues.

            This has enabled a number of developing
            countries to make some headway in fighting
            hunger and poverty.
            There was concern in the city that police were
            making little headway in the investigation.

            heap
            the bottom of the heap
            the top of the heap

            4

            Someone who is at the bottom of the heap
            is low down in society or in an organizationSomeone who is at the top of the heap is
            high up In society or in an organization. The


                evince -p 218 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            heart

            heart

            199

            expressions the bottom of the pile and the
            top of the pile mean the same.
            At the bottom of the heap live at least l million
            people - the rural poor.
            Why do we want to find progress in evolution?
            He wonders whether it is a device to justify
            our position on the top of the biological
            heap'

            break your heart: 2
            444
            You can say that something breaks your
            heart when the fact that it is happening
            makes you feel sad and depressed, because
            you believe that it is bad or wrong.
            Walker John Rich is sad that he has been
            barred from paths he has used for 50 years. 'It
            breaks my heart to think we could lose our

            rights.'

            heart
            a bleeding heart

            44

            If you refer to someone as a bleeding heart,
            you are criticizing them for being too sympathetic
            towards people who claim to be poor or
            suffering, either because you think the people
            do not deserve sympathy, or because you
            think that the person you are criticizing is
            not sincere. Compare your heart bleeds for

            someone.

            I know how the lawmakers and the judges
            and the bleeding hearts screw things up for the
            police. Hell, I've been a cop as long as you
            have.
            You can also say that someone has a bleeding
            heart.
            You need neither a bleeding heart nor a
            blindness to horrors elsewhere to ask what
            more should be done to stop the war in former
            Yugoslavia.
            Bleeding heart is often used before a

            noun.
            This was precisely the sort of bleeding heart
            sentimentality that Charles Lindbergh deplored.
            We must not permit our sentiment, our
            pity, our personal feelings of sympathy to obscure
            the issue.
            This could have been the old bleeding heart
            rhetoric, hut he skillfully modernized it to show
            how public help today can again give ambitious
            people a chance.

            break your heart: 1
            a broken heart
            If someone breaks your heart, they make
            you feel extremely upset and unhappy, because
            they end a love affair or close relationship
            with you.
            When he left his wife for me I was appalled
            What I'd wanted was a good time, but in the
            end I broke his heart.
            You can also say that someone has a broken
            heart when they feel very sad because a
            love affair or close relationship has ended.
            We have all read in fiction of people dying of
            a broken heart, but in reality this seems close
            to the truth, with the death rate among newlybereaved spouses several times higher than that
            of non-bereaved people of a similar age.
            You can also say that someone is heartbroken
            or is broken-hearted.
            Mary is broken-hearted and has spent many
            nights crying.

            It broke my heart to see this woman break
            down the way she did.

            close to your heart
            dear to your heart
            near and dear to your heart
            444
            If you describe a subject as close to your
            heart or dear to your heart, you mean that
            it is very important to you and that you are
            concerned about it or interested in it.
            For presenter Manjeet K. Sandhu the position
            of Asian women in society is an issue very close
            to her heart.
            The WBC treads a fine line between trying to
            make money and trying to support the things
            dear to the heart of the Left.
            In American English, you can also say that
            a subject is near and dear to your heart.
            She has impressed Senators with her knowledge
            of subjects near and dear to their hearts.
            and with her political acumen.
            4
            cross my heart
            You can say ‘cross my heart' when you
            want to assure someone that you are telling

            the truth. This expression is used in spoken
            English, mainly by children.
            And I won't tell any of the other girls anything
            you tell me about it. I promise, cross my
            heart
            Cross my heart and hope to die means
            the same.
            Sam grinned and held out his hand toward
            her. 'You don't have to worry, okay.' ‘Are you
            sure?' Erin asked. 'Cross my heart and hope to
            die.'

            cry your heart out
            work your heart out
            If you cry your heart out or work your
            heart out, for example, you cry a great deal
            or work very hard. You can use this expression
            with other verbs instead of ‘cry' or
            ‘work' when you want to say that someone
            does something with great enthusiasm or to a
            great extent.
            I threw myself on to the bed and cried my
            heart out. It took me a good while to get over
            the emotional damage of that encounter.
            I know the woman will work her heart out to
            prove herself.
            Everyone danced their hearts out


                evince -p 219 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            heart
            eat your heart out

            44

            When you want to draw attention to something
            you have done, you can say ‘eat your
            heart out' and mention the name of a person
            who is famous for doing the same kind of
            thing.
            My worst driving fault is speeding. Eat your
            heart out, Nigel Mansell!
            / think l have the makings of a novel here.
            Marcel Proust, eat your heart out.
            O In these examples, Nigel Mansell is a British
            racing driver, and Marcel Proust was a

            French novelist.

            from the bottom of your heart
            at the bottom of your heart
            If you say that you mean something from
            the bottom of your heart, you are saying
            that you mean it very sincerely.
            I want to thank everyone from the bottom of
            my heart. So many people have helped me.
            It was an apology from the bottom of my
            heart and I hope that the rest of the nation
            will accept it from me.
            D You can also talk about the feelings that
            someone has at the bottom of their heart.
            At the bottom of our hearts we still believe
            you can have anything you want if you need it
            badly enough and if you are prepared to slog
            your way through the barriers to get it.

            a heart of gold

            44

            If you say that someone has a heart of
            gold, you mean they are kind and generous.
            and enjoy helping other people.
            He is a tough guy. but with a heart of gold.
            He helped all the local sporting organisations
            - bowls, hockey, rugby and tennis. He had a
            heart of gold

            in your heart of hearts

            44

            If you say that you believe, know, or feel
            something in your heart of hearts, you mean
            that you believe, know, or feel that it is true,
            even though you are very reluctant to accept
            li

            I suppose in his heart of hearts, he doesn't believe
            he's doing it.
            But in your heart cf hearts, you must know
            that you're not going to save some cf these children?

            lose heart

            heart

            200

            44

            If you lose heart, you start to feel discouraged
            or to lose interest in something, usually
            because things are not progressing in the way
            that you hoped
            I suppose I'm less optimistic than I was at
            first. This disease seems to recur so cften you
            begin to lose heart.
            President Aristide fled to Venezuela after the
            coup and from there appealed to his countrymen
            not to lose heart.

            lose your heart

            4

            If you Lose your heart to someone, you fall
            in love with them. This is a literary expression.

            She falls in love with Raul, who in turn has
            lost his heart to Silvia.
            Don't lose your heart to him too soon because
            he could just be filling in time with you.
            open your heart
            pour out your heart
            444
            If you open your heart or pour out your
            heart to someone, you tell them your most
            private thoughts or feelings.
            A vicar has opened his heart to parishioners
            and admitted his marriage is on the rocks.
            Chris Eubank last night opened his heart for
            the first time about the tragedy
            At first my boyfriend was incredibly supportive.
            I'd phone him up and pour out my heart
            in a way I couldn't to anyone else.
            She poured her heart out about her separation
            and pending divorce.
            44
            set your heart on something
            If you set your heart on something, you decide
            that you want it very much and aim to
            achieve or obtain it.
            She decided not to try for university. Instead
            she set her heart on a career in catering.
            She admits that when she saw the flat Jeremy
            had set his heart on. her first reaction was horror.
            7 couldn't believe Jeremy was serious
            about buying this place.'
            take something to heart
            444
            If you take someone's advice or criticism to
            heart, you pay a lot of attention to it. and are
            greatly influenced or upset by it.
            Few people take this advice to heart, and
            their continuing overweight and resultant diabetes
            place them at significantly increased risk
            of heart disease
            He could have taken this criticism to heart
            since he built his reputation on being a good
            manager.
            I hope her words are taken to heart
        wear/put your heart on your sleeve
            If you wear your heart on your sleeve, you allow your feelings to be obvious to everyone around you.
            She simply doesn't wear her heart on her
            sleeve so it's sometimes difficult to know what
            she's feeling.
            This expression is often varied
            Everybody who knows me knows that I play
            with my heart on my sleeve, and I'm the same
            off the pitch.
            You would have thought the heart on thesleeve atmosphere would have suited his nature.

            J


                evince -p 220 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            heart
            your

            -ÿ

            heart bleeds for someone

            If you say that your heart bleeds for someone,
            you mean that you feel a lot of sympathy
            for them because they are suffering. Compare
            a bleeding heart
            You looked so sad when you walked up the
            aisle at the funeral. My heart bled for you
            when I watched it.
            European peace negotiator Lord Owen also
            made an emotional plea for an end to the carnage.
            'My heart bleeds for the people of
            Gorazde,' he said. "We have to get a food conooy in there. '
            This expression is often used ironically to
            show that you think someone does not deserve
            any sympathy, because you do not believe
            that they are genuinely suffering.
            / must say my heart bleeds for the poor BT
            share issue investors who made a mere 15 per
            cent on their investment in one day.
            My heart bleeds for those MPs who want a
            cut in hours because they say overwork puts
            their marriages at risk.

            your heart hardens
            harden your heart

            4

            If your heart hardens against someone or
            something, you start to feel unfriendly or unsympathetic
            towards them. If you harden
            your heart against them, you force yourself
            to feel this way, even if you do not want to.
            All of a sudden my heart hardened against
            my beautiful mother and her desire for fun
            and a rich, handsome husband. I wouldn't
            speak to her any more.
            The most important things for Nicholas now
            are mobility and Braille lessons. You will have
            to harden your heart against doing everything
            for him.

            your heart is in the right place
            4
            If you say that someone's heart is in the
            right place, you mean that they are kind,
            considerate, and generous, although they may
            lack other qualities which you consider to be
            important.
            Whether Johnson's professional judgement
            was good or not. 1 decided that his heart was
            in the right place.
            They've probably got their hearts in the right
            place but they just haven't got any common

            sense.

            your heart is in your mouth

            4

            If you say that your heart is In your
            mouth, you mean that you feel extremely
            anxious or nervous, because you think something
            unpleasant or unfortunate may be about

            to happen.

            My heart was in my mouth when I walked
            into her office.
            'Wait!' a rough voice commanded. Nancy
            stopped, then turned, her heart in her mouth.

            heat

            201

            your heart isn't in something
            4
            If you are doing something that you are un
            enthusiastic about and which you are not en
            joying, you can say that your heart isn't in
            it.
            Playing was no longer fun. 1 lost my compete
            liveness and my heart wasn't in it.
            She had been a successful teacher, popular
            with her pupils and her colleagues, but her
            heart had never been in her work.

            heartstrings
            tug at the heartstrings
            44
            If you say that someone or something tugs
            at the heartstrings, you mean that they
            cause you to feel a great deal of pity or sadness
            for them. You can use the verbs 'puli'
            and 'pluck' instead of ‘tug*. You can also omit
            the word 'at'.
            Miss Cookson knows exactly how to tug at
            readers' heartstrings.
            There is a resistance in our organisation's
            culture to sentimentality, to betraying our
            cause by pulling heart strings rather than get
            ting messages across about certain issues
            Heartstrings is used in several other structures
            and expressions with similar meanings
            This is not a movie that aims for the heart
            strings.

            heat
            the heat is on

            4

            If you say the heat is on. you mean that
            you are under a lot of pressure to do or
            achieve something.
            7b perform well when the heat is on, all you
            have to do is let it happen.
            Events will show that we kept going just that
            little bit better than our rivals when the heat
            was on.
            if you can't stand the heat, get out of
            the kitchen
            If someone is involved m a difficult or unpleasant
            activity and they start complaining,
            you can say to them 'if you can't stand the
            heat, get out of the kitchen*. This is a way
            of telling them that they should either learn
            to tolerate the difficulty or unpleasantness, or
            give up their involvement in that activity.
            Submitting questions 24 hours in advance
            makes it a stage-managed performance by the
            Prime Minister. If he cant stand the heat he
            must get out of the kitchen.
            If you are a manager of a top football club
            and you don't like the heat you should get out
            of the kitchen
            44
            in the heat of the moment
            If you do or say something in the heat of
            the moment, you do it without stopping to


                evince -p 221 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            heather
            think about what you are doing or
            cause you are angry or excited.

            saying, be
            We all do things in the heat of the moment,
            but out on the pitch you have to show the right
            type of discipline.
            He said that his comments were made in the
            heat of the moment and were not supposed to
            be a personal attack.

            turn up the heat on someone
            44
            turn the heat on someone
            If someone turns up the heat on a person
            or situation, they put pressure on them in order
            to get what they want.
            The firm will be turning up the heat on its
            rivals in a highly competitive industry now
            scrapping for a share of the domestic market
            Welsh rugby has been rocked by news that
            the Inland Revenue have turned up the heat in
            the illegal payments controversy
            You can also say that one person turns the
            heat on another.
            Progress in Somalia now depends, I believe,
            on the UN turning the heat on the other major
            militia leaders and persuading them to surren
            der their heavy weapons
            In recent years it has come to light that, in
            all probability, someone had indeed neutralised
            J. Edgar Hoover and kept him from turning
            the heat on some of his friends.

            heather
            set the heather on fire
            If you say that something sets the heather
            on fire, you mean that it is very exciting and
            successful This expression is used mainly in
            Scottish English.
            Their results have not set the heather on fire

            heaven
            in seventh heaven

            4

            If you say that you are in seventh heaven,
            you are emphasizing that you are extremely
            happy.

            After 1 was given my first camera I was in
            seventh heaven
            Actor Siddig El Fadil is in seventh heaven after
            being picked for the new Star Trek series.

            move heaven and earth

            heels

            202

            4

            If you move heaven and earth in order to
            do something, you do everything you possibly
            can to make sure that you do it.
            When you know the pressure is getting to you,
            it's worth moving heaven and earth to get
            away for a day or two.
            Look how you loved that little dog. You
            moved heaven and earth to see it got a good
            home when the landlord would not let you keep
            U here.
            He had been moving heaven and earth for six

            weeks in order to prevent the film being made;
            and he had failed.

            heavens
            the heavens open

            4

            If you say that the heavens opened, you
            mean that it began to rain very heavily. This
            is a literary expression, which is used mainly
            in British English.
            The sky was overcast and the mountains
            shrouded in mist. Then the heavens opened and
            it poured.
            As we sal down to eat, the heavens opened far
            a few minutes and we all crouched under our
            blue awning holding our plates.

            heel
            bring someone to heel
            call someone to heel
            44
            If you bring someone to heel or call them
            to heel, you force or order them to obey you.
            In practice it's still not clear how the president
            will use his power to bring the republics
            to heel.
            But on this issue, the government appears to
            be unwilling to be brought completely to heel
            by international pressure.
            pull the
            Peter is playing the male trick
            purse strings and it will bring me to heel But

            -

            it won't.
            They have a naive belief that he will call to
            heel the guerrilla gangs who are now plundering
            the region.

            heels
            at your heels: 1

            44

            If a person or animal is at your heels, they
            are following close behind you, for example
            because they are chasing you. This expression
            is used mainly in written English, especially
            novels.
            She then strode off down the restaurant with
            Cavendish following close at her heels.
            Children ran, calling, along the narrow path
            towards them, a small dog yapping at their
            heels.
            Then, with the three boys at their heels, he
            and the other man hurried out of the house to

            a waiting jeep.
            at your heels: 2

            44

            In a competitive situation, if you say that a
            person or organization is at your heels, you
            mean that they are threatening or challenging

            you in some way. This expression is used
            mainly in written English, especially journalism.
            Intel and Motorola may dominate the market
            for microprocessors but scores of firms are
            snapping at their heels


                evince -p 222 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            heels
            With the world's finest golfers at his heels.
            Borman produced an almost flawless 64.

            Five years ago Cathy Dennis was singing The
            Birdy Song at holiday camps. Today she is
            notching up Top Ten hits and snapping at the
            heels of Madonna

            dig

            y°ur

            heels

            If you dig in your heels or dig your heels
            in. you refuse to do something such as change
            your opinions or plans, especially when someone
            is trying very hard to make you do so.
            He could dig in his heels and fight stubbornly
            for what he believed to be right.
            It was really the British who, by digging
            their heels in, prevented any last-minute deal.
            I begged her to come home but she dug her

            heels in.

            hard on the heels of something: 1

            hot on the heels of something
            «<
            close on the heels of something
            If you say that one event follows hard on
            the heels of another or hot on the heels of
            another, you are emphasizing that one happens
            very quickly or immediately after another.
            You can also say that one thing happens
            close on the heels of another
            The news comes hard on the heels of the ap
            pointment of new chief executive Cedric
            Scroggs.
            The visit follows hot on the heels of their season
            at the Edinburgh International Festival.
            The Prime Minister's statement comes close
            on the heels of the recent American moves to
            defuse tension in the Indian sub-continent.

            hard on your heels: 2
            hot on your heels
            close on your heels
            In a competitive situation, if someone is
            hard on your heels or hot on your heels,
            they are doing nearly as well as you, and it is
            likely that they will soon be doing better than
            you. You can also say that someone is close

            on your heels.

            The next generation of British athletes is
            pressing hard on the heels of today's champi

            ons.

            This step began three thousand years ago
            and was taken first by the Polynesians, with
            the Europeans following hard on their heels.

            hard on your heels: 3

            hot on your heels
            close on your heels

            If someone is hard on your heels, they are
            close behind you. for example because they
            are chasing you. You can also say that someone
            is hot on your heels or close on your

            L

            heels.

            heels

            203

            two weeks gang leader Michael McAvoy and
            Brian Robinson were behind bars.
            Our pilot followed close on the heels of the departing
            inspector.

            kick up your heels
            If someone is kicking up their heels, they
            are enjoying themselves a lot, for example at
            a party.

            the composer was capable of kickof
            the recording
            studio comes from a riotous version of a Russian
            folksong, ‘Powder and Paint '.
            Combine music, culture and good food in Jersey
            this month. Kick up your heels at the annual
            Jersey Jazz Festival.

            Proof that

            ing up his heels in the privacy

            kick your heels
            cool your heels
            If you are kicking your heels or are cooling
            your heels, you are waiting somewhere
            and feel bored or impatient because you have
            nothing to do, or because someone is deliber
            ately keeping you waiting The form with
            ‘kick' is used more commonly in British Eng
            lish and the form with ‘cool' is used more
            commonly in American English.
            The Tunisian authorities wouldn't grant us
            permission to fly all the way down to Sfax, so l
            had to kick my heels at Tunis Airport.
            A team of 60 UN weapons inspectors and
            aides have been cooling their heels in Bahrain

            for almost a week.
            set you back on your heels
            rock you back on your heels
            If something sets you back on your heels
            or rocks you back on your heels, it sur
            prises or shocks you. and often puts you at a
            disadvantage.
            Someday I'm going to build Aunt Molly a
            house beside the river that is so grand it will
            set Turtle Ridge back on its heels
            Ireland started brightly, only to be rocked
            back on their heels by the first error just 10
            minutes into the match.

            show a clean pair of heels: 1
            In a sporting contest, if one competitor
            shows the others a clean pair of heels, he or
            she wins clearly and decisively. This expres
            sion is used mainly in British English.
            Another working class hero with whom I
            Identified was Alf Tupper, who trained on fish
            and chips, ran in a borrowed vest and showed
            the world's best runners a clean pair of heels

            show a clean pair of heels: 2
            When journalists are talking about a com
            petitive situation in which one person or or
            ganization is clearly better than the rest, they
            sometimes say that person or organization
            shows the others a clean pair of heels. This
            expression is used mainly in British English.


                evince -p 223 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            heights

            hell

            204

            Only one point stands Japan has shown all
            the other rich countries a clean pair of heels.

            the alarm clock tells him to, winter or summer,
            hell or high water, dark or light,

            take to your heels
            Lf you take to your heels, you run away.
            This is a literary expression.

            from hell
            444
            You can use from hell after a noun to refer
            humorously to something or someone extremely
            unpleasant, or as bad as they can possibly
            be. For example, if you describe someone
            as ‘the guest from hell', you mean that
            they behave as badly as it is possible for a
            guest to behave.

            He took to his heels and rushed out of the

            room.

            heights
            the dizzy heights
            •4-4
            dizzying heights
            If you say that someone has reached the
            dizzy heights of something or has reached
            dizzying heights, you mean that they have
            reached a very high level of success in a particular
            field. This expression is sometimes
            used ironically to say that someone has not
            achieved very much at all. In American English,
            only ‘dizzying heights' is used.
            She had first known such dizzy heights in the
            1960's when, with her husband Ike, she became
            one of the lop exponents of black American muMC

            After three and a half years, I had reached
            the dizzy heights of assistant account handler.
            Due perhaps to the influence of Haig's cautious
            staff, confidence did not stray to dizzying

            heights.

            hell
            all hell breaks loose
            all hell breaks out
            44
            If you say that all hell breaks loose, you
            mean that there is a lot of fuss, arguing, or
            fighting. You can also say that all hell
            breaks out
            In 'Jungle Fever', a happily-married black
            architect (Wesley Snipes) begins an affair with
            his Italian American secretary, but all hell
            breaks loose when his wife finds out
            We were just having a good time when they
            broke into the square and then suddenly all
            hell broke loose.
        come hell or high water
            through hell and high water
            4
            If you say that you will do something come
            hell or high water, you are emphasizing that
            you are determined to do it, in spite of the
            difficulties involved. You can also say that
            you will do something through hell and
            high water
            The chairman of the Senate Judiciary Committee.
            Senator Joseph Biden, says the all-male
            panel will have two female members this year.
            come hell or high water.
            The Prime Minister has another great chum
            whom he is also standing by through hell and
            high water.
            He rises at 7.15, or whenever he rises, because

            If you want to preserve all that's wonderful
            in your relationship and avoid the longed fabreak turning into the holiday from hell, think
            ahead and follow the seven cardinal rules
            A cute family puppy turns into the pet from
            hell in this comedy starring Charles Grodin.
            Now, Secretary of State Warren Christopher
            is saying it's a problem from hell, it's centuries
            old, there's little that can be done about it
            give someone hell: 1
            4
            If someone gives you hell, they make your
            life very unpleasant by behaving badly towards
            you.
            She gets teased at school. The children give
            her hell, particularly the older boys
            He's spiteful, jealous, and gives her hell. Only
            a saint would put up with it.
            give someone hell: 2
            4
            If you say that someone gives you hell, you
            mean that they shout at you or speak to you
            angrily because you have done something
            wrong.
            When she didn ‘t get off the tram at Fusion. l
            phoned the police in tears and they found her
            in a sleeping compartment. She gave me hell
            for embarrassing her!

            give someone hell: 3
            If you say that a part of your body is giving
            you hell, you are emphasizing that it is very
            painful.
            My back's giving me hell, let me tell you! But
            I'm going to dig the garden up.

            go through hell
            put someone through hell
            444
            If you go through hell or if someone puts
            you through hell, you have a very difficult
            or unpleasant time.
            I have been going through hell but l hope
            that we can now settle this matter
            After the case he made no comment, but his
            solicitor said that he had been through 10
            months of hell.
            Her family say the girl has put them through
            hell since the incident
            go to hell

            shot to hell
            go to hell in a handbasket

            4

            If you say that something is going to hell.


                evince -p 224 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            hell
            you mean that it is being destroyed. You can
            also say that something is being shot to hell.
            This government has to wake up. The country
            is going to hell and they're just sitting on their

            backsides.
            After seeing an

            average of five films a day recently.
            I have a strong suspicion that my judgement
            is shot to hell as I actually quite liked
            lumbering Hulk Hogan as Suburban Commondo
            People sometimes say that things are going
            to hell in a handbasket to emphasize that
            they are being destroyed very quickly. The
            nouns 'bucket', 'basket', and 'handcart' are

            sometimes used instead of ‘handbasket'.

            do something to de-escalate this
            either another police officer or some
            black youth is going to be shot. And then this
            city is going to go to hell in a handbasket
            'Delicatessen' is set in some undefined future
            world where the human race is going to hell in
            a bucket, the shops are back to rationing and
            unemployment has reached epidemic proportions.

            If we don't

            tension,

            hell for leather

            4

            If you say that someone is going hell for
            leather, you are emphasizing that they are
            moving or doing something very quickly, and
            often recklessly.
            The Dutch boys are confident from all their
            skating and go hell for leather.
            Once I decide to write a play, I have to go for
            it hell for leather.
            You can also use hell-for-leather before a

            noun.

            The only way to recovery lies in a hell-forleather drive for investment and exports.

            hell freezes over
            If you say that something will not happen
            until hell freezes over, you mean that you
            are certain that it will never happen.
            We will bargain with it because the law says
            so. We will bargain until Hell freezes over, but
            they won't get anything.
            'Tell them you'll get married when hell
            freezes over, ' she says.
            hell hath no fury like a woman

            scorned

            hell

            205

            4

            People say ‘hell hath no fury like a woman
            scorned' to suggest that women often react
            to something which hurts or upsets them
            by behaving very angrily and viciously. This
            expression is often used to refer to cases
            where a woman has an unfaithful partner and
            takes revenge.
            Faithless husbands who doubt that hell hath
            no fury like a woman scorned should read
            Tolleck Winner's novel 'Love With Vengeance'
            and beware.
            This expression is often exploited, especial
            ly by journalists, to make it appropriate to
            the subject which they are writing about
            Hell hath no fury like a rock fan scorned
            Last Saturday, Michael Jackson scorned 72.000
            of them in one go and left them in Wembley
            Stadium feeling out of luck, out of sorts and
            considerably out of pocket.
            Ian Woosnam. having decided to absent himself
            from next week's International Golf Open
            competition, has discovered that hell hath no
            fury like a sponsor spurned.

            hell on earth

            -4

            If you say that a place or a situation is hell
            on earth, you are emphasizing that it is extremely
            unpleasant or that it causes great suf
            fering. You can also say that it is a hell on
            earth.
            Cannes, magnificent in good weather and hell
            on earth in bad, is capable of showing the best,
            and the worst, films in the world.
            Organising it all has been hell on earth, but
            it's worked absolutely brilliantly.
            Cholera, cerebral malaria and dysentery
            made building the railway a hell on earth for
            the labourers.
            just for the hell of it
            44
            If someone does something just for the hell
            of it or for the hell of it, they do it for fun
            or for no particular reason. You can also say
            that they do something for the sheer hell of
            it

            On the same street, David, aged 10. has been
            arrested for burglary. Another boy has been

            caught putting sugar in petrol tanks, just for

            the hell of it.
            I would never read someone's diary for the
            hell of it. but now 1 can't say / would never do
            it again.
            Many of the 2,000 athletes gathered here are
            running for medals. Some for money. Some for
            glory. Some even for the sheer hell of it.

            a living hell

            44

            If you describe a situation or a place as a
            living hell, you are emphasizing that it is ex
            tremely unpleasant or that it causes great suffering.

            School is a living hell for some children.
            Their marriage had become a living hell.
            This pain is a living hell for me. It's like
            walking on hot coals all the time.

            play hell
            play merry hell
            If you say that someone plays hell or plays
            merry hell, you mean that they cause trouble
            by behaving badly or that they protest strongly
            or angrily about something.
            She played merry hell and stormed out in a
            rage.


                evince -p 225 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            hell
            play hell with something
            play merry hell with something
            If you say that one thing plays hell with
            another, you mean that the first thing has a
            bad effect on the second one or causes great
            confusion. In British English, you can also
            say that one thing plays merry hell with another.
            Divorce and remarriage play hell with property
            and inheritance law.
            Slugs play merry hell with emerging shoots;
            earwigs and woodlice gobble the leaves.

            raise hell: 1

            herd

            206

            4-4

            If you say that someone raises hell, you
            mean that they cause trouble by behaving
            badly in public, for example by getting drunk
            and breaking things or upsetting other people.
            If it was between me and them. I'd say. 'OK.
            you guys destroyed things and raised hell now you're going to fix everything ‘
            Are they the type that first thing they want to
            do is go out and raise hell, or are they here to
            play football?

            A hell-raiser is someone who frequently
            behaving badly in public.
            He has had a reputation as a hell-raiser but
            claims to have now settled down.
            You can also talk about a hell-raising person
            or hell raising behaviour.
            Once notorious for his hell raising and heavy
            drinking, Hughes has controlled the side of his
            character which once threatened to wreck his

            causes trouble by

            career.

            The hell-raising actor was fined £63 with £20
            costs yesterday for driving at 91mph through a
            police speed trap.

            raise hell: 2
            If someone raises hell about a situation,
            they protest strongly and angrily about it in
            order to persuade other people to correct it or
            improve it.
            'There is nothing left,' said Mr Fyodorov. 7
            am raising hell about that at the moment '
            She came in and raised hell. Her son's sports
            bag was missing. It had everything in it trainers, track suit, hundreds qf pounds' worth.

            the road to hell is paved with good
            intentions
            You say ‘the road to hell is paved with
            good intentions' when you are pointing out
            to someone that it is not enough for them to
            make plans or promises, but they must also
            carry them out. Nouns such as ‘path' are
            sometimes used instead of ‘road'.
            The road to hell is paved with good intentions,
            or maybe the country's new constitution
            Adopted in 1988. it is littered with wellmeaning provisions that have been tripping up
            the economy ever since.
            The path to hell is paved with good inten

            are many, many pots of vitamin
            tablets which have been started but never

            lions, and there

            finished.
            there'll be hell to pay
            4
            there'll be merry hell to pay
            You can say that there'll be hell to pay to
            warn someone that there will be serious trouble
            if a particular thing happens or if it does
            not happen. You can also say that there'll be
            merry hell to pay.
            If I try to get through the kitchen with these,
            there'll be hell to pay. You know what she's
            like
            A child doesn't decide for himself that he's
            stupid. He has to hear it and learn it in some
            way every day. And there's hell to pay when
            that child learns what he's taught.
            'Drop that/' she snarled at Kenny. 'If the girls
            see it. there'll be merry hell to pay!'

            to hell and back
            through hell and back
            4
            If you say that someone has been to hell
            and back, you mean that they have had a terrible
            experience, although it is now over. You
            can also say that someone has been through
            hell and back
            We have been to hell and back but the love of
            this tittle boy has kept us going.
            But after his journey to hell and back, he's
            philosophical about the whole nightmare.
            I've been through hell and back but this is
            the best day of my life. All the heartache was
            worth it in the end

            hen
            rare as hen's teeth
            scarce as hen's teeth
            If you say that something is as rare as
            hen's teeth or as scarce as hen's teeth, you
            are emphasizing that it is extremely rare.
            These are fairly old-fashioned expressions.
            Record companies are becoming as rare as
            hen's teeth, and by the end of the decade there
            probably won't be anybody left except the five
            international distributors.

            herd
            ride herd on someone
            If someone rides herd on other people or
            their actions, they supervise them or watch
            them closely. This expression is used in
            American English.
            In his speeches recently, he's been talking
            more about the economy and about how he
            plans to ride herd on Congress in his second
            term.
            His departure would undermine state efforts
            to ride herd on the oil companies.
            It became apparent that I would have a
            choice: I could ride herd over every little detail


                evince -p 226 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            here
            release or have some kind of
            of this movie's
            life. I chose having a life.

            here
        neither here nor there
            If you say that something is neither here nor there, you mean that it is completely unimportant or irrelevant, and does not affect the situation in any way.
            This expression is used mainly in spoken English.
            That the Vikings may have got to America 500 years earlier is simply neither here nor there. The critical factor in the development of the modern world was the arrival of Europeans in the Americas exactly at a time when they were best prepared to make the most of it.
            You know, five hundred pounds is neither here nor there to most of them.

            herring
            a red herring

            high

            207

            444

            If you describe a piece of information, a suggestion,
            or an action as a red herring, you
            mean that it is irrelevant and, often deliberately,
            is taking people's attention away from
            the main subject, problem, or situation that
            they should be considering.
            This is a total political red herring and an
            attempt to divert from the main issues in the
            campaign.

            All the fuss about high pay for former na
            tionalised industry chairmen is a bit of a red
            herring. The really serious money is to be
            found in private companies, where huge sala
            ries and dividends can be awarded without a
            murmur from the City and Westminster.
            The plot is as complex as you'd expect from
            the author of The Woman in White and The
            Moonstone, with false names, red herrings and
            such memorable characters as the manic
            Miserrimus Dexter.

            hide
            haven't seen hide nor hair of someone
            If you haven't seen hide nor hair of some
            one or something, you have not seen them, although
            you expected to.

            They never found her. It was a bad business.
            The wrong she did, it's never left me, but I
            haven't seen hide nor hair of her since.
            You can also say that you haven't seen
            hair nor hide of someone or something.
            After nearly two weeks in Australia l had
            seen neither hair nor hide of a kangaroo.

            hiding
            °n a hiding to nothing
            If you say that someone is on a hiding to
            nothing, you mean that they have absolutely

            r—

            are trying to do. This expression is used in
            British English.
            A car manufacturer capable of making only
            50.000 cars a year is on a hiding to nothing.
            The amateurs are paying entry fees to subsidise
            the prize list for the professionals, and
            they are on a hiding to nothing.

            high
            high as a kite
            4
            If someone is as high as a kite, they feel
            very excited, or they are strongly affected by
            alcohol or drugs.
            When 1 had finished the course I felt as high
            as a kite. But when my wife asked me what I
            had learnt I could not be specific
            He's going to be high as a kite because he
            was able to get me here when he knew I didn't
            want to come.
            I felt so strange on the steroid injections I
            was as high as a kite some of the time.
         leave someone high and dry
            If someone leaves you high and dry, they leave you in a difficult situation which you are unable to do anything about.
            The surrender of General Aoun a week ago left the Chamoun family high and dry, without military power and surrounded by enemies.
            By introducing an element of competition, schools with better reputations will be flooded with applications while poorer schools will be left high and dry.

            ride high

            444

            If you say that someone or something Is riding
            high, you mean that they are very popular
            or successful at the present time.
            The elections have come at a time when Labour
            is riding high in the opinion polls, while
            support for the Conservatives and the Liberal
            Democrats has slumped
            Armistead Maupin read from his latest novel.
            'Maybe The Moon\ which is currently riding
            high in the booksellers' charts.
            From the 1960s through to the early 1980s, the
            James Bond films rode high and were easily
            the most successful series of movies ever made.

            search high and low for something
            hunt high and low for something

            <
            If you search high and low for something
            or hunt high and low for it, you search for
            it very carefully and thoroughly, looking in
            every possible place that it could be.
            The babysitter searched high and low for
            them through the cluttered old farmhouse, but
            she couldn't find them
            I've hunted high and low for the photos, but
            I've moved since then and I can't find them.


                evince -p 227 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            hill
            hill
            over the hill

            44

            If you say that someone Is over the hill,
            you mean that they sire no longer young, and
            are too old to do a particular thing.
            It's true some people regard you as probably
            over the hill at fifty.
            If you're a typist or interpreter you might be
            over the hill at the age of 35, especially if you
            want to work for the EU in Brussels
            He looked like an over-the-hill heavyweight
            just back from a training run.

            hilt
            to the hilt
            up to the hilt

            hit

            208

            444

            You use to the hilt or up to the hilt to em
            phasize that someone does something to the
            greatest possible extent.
            He'll be a good candidate. We'll back him up
            to the hilt.
            If Fred raises this issue when we meet tomor
            row, l will defend my actions to the hilt.
            She revelled in her stardom, playing her sex
            goddess image to the hilt.
            Many unemployed people are highly skilled,
            highly motivated and trained up to the hilt.
            They do not need non stop training.

            hip
            joined at the hip
            If you say that two people are joined at the
            hip, you mean that they are very close to
            each other emotionally and that they spend a
            great deal of time together People often use
            this expression when they disapprove of this
            degree of closeness.
            The couple who are almost joined at the hip
            in their 20s may have become quite different
            and distant in their 40s.
            Though we often work together, we're not
            joined at the hip, so we see things differently
            If you say that two problems or factors are
            joined at the hip, you mean that they are
            very closely linked and cannot be considered
            or resolved separately.
            Trends in world trade and trends in the environment
            are supposed to be joined together at
            the hip.

            shoot from the hip
            4
            fire from the hip
            If you say that someone shoots from the
            hip, you mean that they give their opinion or
            react to situations very quickly, without stopping
            to think it through properly. You can
            also say that someone fires from the hip
            Both men shoot from the hip, talk without
            self censure, and speak clearly and feelingly
            without jargon or cant.

            She specifically declared that she did not
            shoot from the hip. She liked to think hard
            and long before taking decisions
            He certainly has a tendency to fire from the
            hip - to be impulsive. On the other hand, over
            the years he's shown considerable delicacy and
            tact in feeling the public mood.

            history
            be history

            444

            If you say that an event, thing, or person is
            history, you mean that they are no longer
            important, relevant, or interesting. This expression
            is used mainly in spoken English.
            He sometimes wonders if he made the right
            choice when he decided to give up football. 7
            might have made it in football, but that's all
            history

            now. ‘

            If you forget to do your homework, you're out
            - fail to pay attention, you're history.
            The Charlottetown agreement is history.
            444
            the rest is history
            If you are telling someone about an event
            and you say the rest is history, you mean
            that you do not need to say any more because
            you are sure that everyone is familiar with

            what happened next.
            A job with the company was advertised in
            The Daily Telegraph. I applied and the rest is
            history.

            After Saint Laurent left hospital he was persuaded
            to start his own fashion house, which

            he did in 1961. The rest is history.
            After a few more secretarial jobs, she wrote to
            the editor of Taller She wrote one piece for
            them, was offered a staff job and the rest, as
            they say, is history

            hit
            hit and miss
            hit or miss

            444

            If you describe something as hit and miss
            or hit or miss, you mean that it is done carelessly
            or without proper planning, so that it is
            equally likely to fail or succeed.
            His studies did much to make wine making a
            science, not a hit and miss affair based on
            country and folk remedies and superstition.
            The acting, however, is hit and miss it
            ranges from the highly stylish to the appallingly
            gauche
            This new sort of newspaper publishing rich
            in technology and aggressively professional - is
            a far cry from the hit-or-miss style that ruled
            in the fifties.
            -

            hit it off

            444

            If two people hit it off when they first meet.
            they find that they like each other or get on
            well together and have many things in common.


                evince -p 228 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            Hobson
            Al met Mike three years ago. when he went to

            work for a new company. They hit it off
            straight away and often went out for drinks together.

            After their extended two hour talk yesterday,
            the two leaders actually seem to have hit it off.
            / couldn 't stand the new boss, never hit it off
            with him. so I got out while the going was
            good.
            a hit list: 1
            If someone has a hit list
            they

            44-4

            of people or things,
            are intending to take action concerning

            those people or things, for example by getting
            rid of them or refusing to deal with them.
            Washington published a hit list of countries
            guilty of unfair trade practices, and called for
            bilateral negotiations with the offending countries.

            The report said that none of the 31 pits on
            the hit-list should close until the consequences
            for employment had been fully assessed.

            a hit list: 2

            4-4-4

            If a terrorist or criminal organization has a
            hit list, they have a list containing the names
            of important people who they intend to kill.
            It was confirmed by the police today that he
            had been on an IRA hit list of a hundred
            prominent people discovered when police raided
            a house in London last year.
            The name below his on the hit list is almost
            certainly Leoluca Orlando, the outspoken leader
            of La Rete, the anti-Mafia party that is the
            second biggest party in Sicily.

            hit the sack
            hit the hay
            If someone hits the sack or hits the hay.
            they go to bed.
            It was raining and we were tired, so we only
            half unpacked the car and then hit the sack.
            Are you tired? Do you want me to take you
            up to your bed? Are you ready to hit the hay?

            make a hit
            If you make a hit with someone, they like
            you or are impressed by you when they meet
            you.
            Eleanor and Sara made a hit with the whole
            delegation.
            She sends her best - you've obviously made a
            hit there.

            Hobson
            Hobson's choice

            .1

            hold

            209

            You can refer to a decision as Hobson's
            choice when it forces you to choose between
            two things which are both unsatisfactory, and
            so you cannot possibly be happy. This expression
            is used mainly in British English.
            They want rid of him. but he won't go. And
            if he did go, he leaves such a gap in the house

            that he is virtually irreplaceable. It really is
            Hobson's choice for them. Hell with him. or
            Hell without him.
            Now employers face a Hobson 's choice. If they
            decide not to settle the initial discrimination
            claim and lose, they pay; if they settle, they're
            still open to years of litigation brought by
            white employees.

            hog
            go hog wild
            If you go hog wild, you behave in an uncontrolled
            and excited way. This expression is
            used in American English.
            That doesn't mean you should go hog-wild
            and double the recipe's sugar content Just
            keep the word ‘moderation ' in mind.
            go the whole hog
            go whole hog
            44
            If someone goes the whole hog. they do
            something to the fullest extent possible. This
            expression is often used ironically to suggest
            that someone is being too extreme in their behaviour
            or actions.
            Dixons sells a range of hi-fi speakers costing
            from £10.99 to £72.99 Or you can go the whole
            hog and buy a dedicated sound output system
            for £299.00
            Curious, isn't it. that when children are tiny
            and unable to appreciate all the glitzy bits of
            Christmas, we nevertheless insist on going the
            whole hog. but by the time they get interested
            in it. we rapidly begin to lose interest ourselves.
            In American English, you can also say that
            someone goes whole hog.
            The thing to do in life is to find out what
            gives you pleasure and go for it whole hog.
            live high on the hog
            If someone is living high on the hog. they
            have a good life, with plenty of money. This
            expression is used mainly in American English.
            He and Austen were living high on the hog in
            a flat with three servants.
            From the looks of his home he lived alone
            and probably not very high on the hog.

            hold
            on hold

            444

            If you put something on hold, you decide
            not to do it, change it. or deal with it now.
            but to leave it till later.
            Some observers suggest that, as a result of
            this, he'll just put the project on hold until the
            political climate changes.
            In August his plans were put on hold when
            city officials required that an environmental review
            be completed before he could alter the ornately
            detailed interior.


                evince -p 229 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            holds
            Everything was on hold, as if the clock
            stopped until the Supreme Court decided what

            to do

            holds
            444
            no-holds-barred
            You use no-holds-barred when describing a
            way of behaving when people act very forcefully
            or enthusiastically, without paying attention
            to any restraints, limits, or restrictions
            that may exist.
            At left-back, Jones became something of a cult
            figure with his no-holds barred approach to the
            game.
            This is no surprise at all, given the no-holdsbarred campaign the president has already
            launched for his economic plan.
            We are in a state qf war. It is a war with no
            holds barred and we must prepare to resist.

            hole
            4
            blow a hole in something: 1
            To blow a hole in something such as a plan
            means to spoil it or reduce its effectiveness.

            If schools opted out qf local authority control,
            would it blow a hole in the new system?
            Fears are growing that the widespread Caribbean
            trend qf deporting thousands of illegal
            immigrants could blow a hole in the area's
            plans for regional integration.

            blow a hole in something: 2
            To blow a hole in an amount of money
            means to reduce it considerably.
            A major natural disaster such as an earthquake
            or hurricane could blow a hole in the

            fund.
            The property slump and bad debts have
            blown a gaping hole in profits.
            4
            burn a hole in your pocket
            If money is burning a hole in your pocket,
            you are very eager to spend it as soon as possible.
            especially on something you do not really
            need but would like to have.
            Money always tends to burn a hole in my
            pocket.
            After a while Andrew's cheque book began to
            burn a hole in his pocket. He decided to sell his
            boat, and purchase a larger one for use in the
            Med.

            a hole card
            A hole card is something that you keep secret
            or hidden until you are ready to use it to
            gain an advantage over other people. This expression
            is used mainly in American English.

            The fact that l knew where she was and had
            in my possession a boxful of evidence were my
            only two remaining hole cards.

            holes

            210

            hole-in-the-corner
            hole-and-corner
            If you describe something as hole-in-thecomer or hole-and-corner, you disapprove of
            the fact that it is secretive and possibly dishonest.
            These are fairly old-fashioned expressions,
            which are used in British English.
            I won't countenance any hole-in-the-comer
            stuff. I won't let anyone think we don't wholly
            approve of this marriage.
            I think we were treated in a rather hole-and
            corner fashion.
            in a hole
            -4
            out of a hole
            If you are in a hole, you are in a difficult or
            embarrassing situation. This expression is
            used mainly in British English.
            One unfortunate minister found himself in a

            hole and had to go.
            The Tories are now in a dreadful hole after
            last Thursday's election results
            If someone or something gets you out of a
            hole, they get you out of a difficult or embarrassing
            situation.
            The Mayor has had a lot of civil unrest on
            the streets, and he's taken these measures to try
            and dig himself out of a hole.
            What finally pulled me out of the hole I was
            in was God.
            in the hole
            4
            If a person or organization is in the hole,
            they owe money to someone else. This expression
            is used in American English.
            The Federal Housing Administration has just
            been discovered to be S4 billion in the hole.
            By then they're so deep in the hole, it's a little
            late

            need something like a hole in the
            head
            If you say that you need something or
            someone like a hole in the head, you are
            emphasizing that you do not want them at all.
            and that they would only add to the problems
            that you already have.
            We need an interest rate rise like we need a
            hole in the head.
            Campaigners admitted privately yesterday
            that the row over Mr Flynn's remarks had
            damaged their candidate's chances. "We needed
            this like a hole in the head, ' one said.
            He needs her like a hole in the head.

            holes
            4
            pick holes in something
            If you pick holes in something such as an
            argument or theory, you find weak points in
            it which disprove it or show that it is wrong
            Verbs such as ‘poke' and ‘shoot' can be used
            instead of ‘pick'.


                evince -p 230 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            hollow

            home

            211

            They say that the great science of the 21st cenwill
            be biology. Thus we do not need so
            many physicists as in the past. It is easy to
            pick holes in this argument.
            For him. a winning start to the European
            Championship campaign was not enough and
            yesterday he picked holes in the team's perfor
            tury

            mance against Poland.
            The defense lawyers attempted to poke holes
            tn the testimony of a prosecution witness.

            hollow
            beat someone hollow
            [f you beat someone hollow, you defeat
            them completely. This expression is used in
            British English.
            Waterman was the first independent operator
            to take on the big boys at the pop game and
            beat them hollow.
            ring hollow

            from a

            Bosnian refugee camp. The head teach

            er said, ‘They seem to be quite at home and I'm
            sure they will settle in very well after all the
            excitement dies down.'
            Melanie is equally at home singing oratorio,
            spirituals, jazz or performing in musical thea
            tre.
            Whatever scenes he had to play were always
            shot with the minimum number of takes. From
            the day we arrived he was completely at home
            with the camera.
            44
            at home: 2
            If someone or something looks at home
            somewhere, they look as if it is normal, natural.
            or appropriate for them to be there.

            444

            Bulging muscles are packed into every inch of
            her frame. The 16-year-old's huge shoulder and
            arm muscles would look more at home on a
            male hammer thrower.
            Le Moulin 's painted chairs with cane or rush
            seats are typically French, but would look quite
            at home in an English country kitchen.

            If a statement or promise rings hollow or
            sounds hollow, it seems worthless, false, or
            insincere. Compare ring true; see true.
            Without any impartial scrutiny of polling
            and counting, the authorities' claim that the
            elections will be free and fair rings hollow.
            Words of sympathy and understanding from
            the terrorists, no matter how sincerely offered
            to these families, ring hollow at this moment.
            Official assertions that the two countries are
            dose friends sound increasingly hollow.
            You can also say that a statement or prom
            ise has a hollow ring.
            The Government's claim to be making record
            investments in railways has a very hollow
            ring. The reality is that investment is totally

            bring home the bacon:1
            The person in a family who brings home
            the bacon is the person who goes out to work
            and earns enough money for the family to
            live on.
            The question 'Who brings up the baby and
            who brings home the bacon?' will, increasingly
            in coming years, be the most important of all
            political questions.
            (f divorces were rare in the past, it wasn't because
            husbands and wives loved each other
            more in the old times, but because husbands
            needed someone to cook and keep house, wives
            needed someone to bring home the bacon, and
            children needed both parents in order to eat,
            sleep, and get a start in the world.

            sound hollow
            have a hollow ring

            inadequate.

            holy
            the holy of holies
            If you describe something as the holy of
            holies, you mean that people think it is the
            most special or important thing of its kind.
            This expression is sometimes used ironically,
            to suggest that you do not agree with them.
            Last year, his work was performed for the
            first time at the Aldeburgh Festival, the holy of
            holies in the contemporary British music scene.

            bring something home to someone
            444

            home
            at home: 1

            bring home the bacon: 2
            In sport, if someone brings home the bacon,
            they win or do very well. This expression
            is used mainly in journalism.
            But Reid and Duffield showed that, given the
            right horsepower, they and many more less
            fashionable jockeys like them are equally capable
            of bringing home the bacon in style.
            The fact is, Mansell continues to bring home
            the bacon.

            444

            If you feel at home in a particular situation,
            you feel relaxed, comfortable, and happy.
            Suddenly Alice's doubts left her. She felt relaxed
            and at home. She went over to the bookcase
            and started looking at the titles.
            Four Croatian girls began school in Berkshire
            yesterday after being brought to Britain

            If you bring something such as a problem,
            danger, or situation home to someone, you
            make them fully aware of how serious or important
            it is. Verbs such as ‘drive', ‘press',
            and ‘hammer' are often used instead of
            ‘bring'.

            I think it is grossly irresponsible that a bar
            such as this should serve people with alcohol
            when they are clearly intoxicated. This tragic


                evince -p 231 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            home

            212

            death brings it home to people in the drinks
            trade just how dangerous alcohol can be.
            It was beginning to be brought home to me
            how very rash I had been.
            He will drive home the message that heterosexuals
            cannot continue to dismiss AIDS as a
            disease of the poor, the gay and the drugaddicted.
            The current drought has hammered home the
            point that trying to raise cattle in a fragile
            habitat with low rainfall is not viable.
            4
            close to home
            If you say that a remark is close to home,
            you mean that it makes people feel uncomfortable
            or upset because it is about a sensitive

            or very personal subject.
            I just finished listening to Susan Stamberg's
            piece on young, fat people attending camp near

            New York. The message it conveyed struck so
            hard and so close to home that it moved me to
            tears.
            The spectacle touched too close to home for a
            man whose grandparents had died in the Holocaust.

            hit a home run
            If someone hits a home run,

            they do something
            that is very successful. This expression
            is used in American English.
            On Wall Street, Simon was considered a minor
            leaguer whose client list occasionally enabled
            him to hit a home run.
            Bartlett Giamatti, Professor of English at
            Yale, hits a home run here with his memoir of
            encounters with W.H. Auden over many years.

            hit home
            strike home

            444

            If a situation or what someone says hits
            home or strikes home, people realize that it
            is real or true, even though it may be painful
            for them to accept it.
            In many cases the reality of war doesn't hit
            home with reservists until they're actually
            called upon to fight.
            Whether we all agreed with the feminist
            movement or not, some of the messages it
            preached hit home.
            The severity of the situation struck home last
            week when hundreds of troops mutinied because
            they had received no pay for nine months
            and no food for two.
            home and dry
            44
            home and hosed
            If you say that someone is home and dry in
            a contest or other activity, you mean that
            they have achieved victory or success, or that
            you are certain that they will achieve it. This
            expression is used mainly in British English.
            I was watching the competition with Mark
            and he said, 'Look at that, she's nine seconds

            home
            up on anyone else - she has to be home and
            dry."
            There are still three weeks to polling day and
            the Labour candidate is not yet home and dry.
            You can also say that someone is home
            and hosed. This form of the expression is
            used mainly in Australian English.
            Queensland almost snatched a draw in the
            final 90 seconds when Meninga made a 60m
            sideline run. I thought he was home and hosed.

            the home stretch
            •4
            the home straight
            If you are in the home stretch or the
            home straight of a long or difficult activity,
            you are on the last part or stage of it.
            As the campaign hits the home stretch, opinion
            polls show that the Labor Party and a conservative
            alliance, called the Uberal National
            Coalition, are running head and head.
            Club football will take second place to World
            Cup fever this month, when Wales take on the
            Czech Republic in the home straight of the
            qualifying competition

            make yourself at home
            44
            If you make yourself at home somewhere,
            you relax and feel comfortable as if you were
            in your own home or in a very familiar situation.
            Arnold and Gwen had found the hidden key
            just where it was supposed to be and made
            themselves at home.
            Once the boat left, the passengers all made
            themselves at home.
            O You say ‘make yourself at home' to a
            guest to make them feel welcome and to invite
            them to behave in an informal, relaxed
            way.
            'Sit down,' Anne said. 'Make yourself at
            home.'
            Please make yourself at home. Maria has put
            a quiche and salad and fruit and cheese in the
            refrigerator for your tea. Help yourself to anything
            you want.
            nothing to write home about
            something to write home about
            4
            If you say that something is nothing to
            write home about or not much to write
            home about, you mean that it is not very interesting.
            exciting, or special.
            Yes, there is cheese, bread and meat in
            Brighton market and the surrounding shops,
            but it's nothing to write home about, whereas
            in Dieppe the quality is quite simply dazzling.
            The nightlife is not much to write home
            about but untracked snow lasts longer than at
            fashionable resorts like Val d'lsere and Chamonix.
            If you say that a thing is something to
            write home about you mean that it is interesting,
            exciting, or special.


                evince -p 232 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            honest
            And you're giving that poor man a new start
            in life That's sor.ething to be proud of and,
            incidentally, something to write home about.
            4-44
            home ground
            If someone is on home ground, they feel
            confident and secure because they are in the
            area where they work or live, or are doing
            something that is very familiar to them. The
            nouns ‘turf and ‘patch' are sometimes used

            on

            instead of ‘ground'.
            Students benefit by experiencing interviews

            with prospective employers on their own home
            ground, without too much of a disruption to
            their studies
            Compared with the flashy triviality of 'The
            Office Party' and 'On The Piste', this is a play
            where Godber is on home ground, writing with
            cold eyed affection about the Yorkshire mining
            communities of his formative years.
            Communications Minister David Beddall was
            hack on home turf in Brisbane yesterday vigorously
            defending his performance in the pay TV

            fiasco
            honest
            honest as the day is long
            If you say that someone is as honest as the
            day is long, you are emphasizing that they
            are very honest. This is a fairly old-fashioned
            expression

            This boy's hard-working, ambitious, smart,
            and honest as the day is long. They don't come
            any better than Russell here.

            hook
            by hook or by crook
            •a
            If someone says they will do something by
            hook or by crook, they mean that they are
            determined to do it even if it is very difficult
            for them, or they have to use dishonest

            means.

            These are the ‘strike force', the men whose job
            it is to make sure records get into shops and
            ultimately into the charts by hook or by crook.
            If a man took Antonia's fancy, she would go
            out of her way to get him by hook or by crook

            hook, line, and sinker: 1

            4

            If you say that someone has swallowed
            something hook, line, and sinker, you are
            criticizing them for being fooled into believing
            something completely and being deceived
            by it
            The Major had swallowed hook, line and
            sinker the notions of manhood that had been
            drummed into him at Eton, Sandhurst and
            during his 20 years in the Household Cavalry
            Our president is one heck of a salesman, and
            people are just swallowing this thing hook.
            line, and sinker, without knowing what it's all
            about.
            hook, line, and sinker: 2
            You use hook, line, and sinker to empha
            size that someone does something very intensely,
            deeply, or fully.
            Ifell for her hook, line and sinker.
            I was all against nationalization. 1 resisted it
            hook, line and sinker and became quite un
            popular in the process.

            444
            off the hook
            If someone who has done something wrong

            hoof
            on the hoof: 1

            hook

            213

            44

            If you say that someone does something on
            the hoof, you mean that they do it in response
            to things that happen, rather than as
            part of a carefully considered plan This ex
            pression is used in British English.
            They expressed their disquiet at the disarray

            over the government's handling of its economic
            policy and their fears that policy was being
            made on the hoof
            There is nothing more dangerous than
            policy making on the hoof All ministers are
            prone to it. particularly during a parliamenta
            ry recess.

            on the hoof: 2
            If someone does something on the hoof.
            they do it while they are doing something
            else, or without stopping to sit down.
            We know the character: his shirt is always
            undone, he is rude, consumes junk food on the
            hoof and is always complaining.
            Presumably, like everybody else, you learnt
            the job on the hoof

            gets off the hook, they manage to get out of
            the awkward situation they are in without being
            punished or blamed.
            We cannot let the government get off the hook
            for what it has done.
            He suggested I tricked Jack into believing
            that I'd got him off the hook where the girl's

            murder was concerned.
            The American people are going to resent any
            hint that he will be let off the hook because of
            his privileged position.

            on your own hook
            If you do something on your own hook, you
            do it alone, without any help. This expression
            is used in American English.
            St Mary's Hospital does not meet incoming
            flights with its own vehicle. Patients come on
            their own hook.
            ring off the hook
            4
            If your telephone is ringing off the hook.
            so many people are trying to call you that it
            is ringing all the time. This expression is
            used in American English.


                evince -p 233 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            hooks
            His phone was ringing off the hook, and he
            was getting phone calls from Hollywood studios

            and executives and very major documentary

            Too many tabloid hacks have pursued this

            case and many other lurid murder stories moti
            vated solely by profit for their papers and
            a hoot about the
            feelings of victims.
            I'm really disgusted with our politicians m
            Washington. All they're doing is looking out
            for their own little selves. They don't give two
            hoots about their constituents.
            themselves, whilst not giving

            filmmakers.

            Since war broke out in the Middle East, the
            phones at donation centers have been ringing

            off the hook.

            If you take a telephone off the hook, you
            take the receiver off the part that it normally
            rests on, so that the telephone will not ring.
            sling your hook
            If someone tells you to sling your hook,
            they are telling you to go away. This expres
            sion is used in British English.
            I've always said that there's no point in keeping
            unsettled players at a football club. Spurs
            are entering a new era and if Ruddock doesn ‘t
            want to be part of it then lie should sling his
            hook.

            hooks
            get your hooks into someone
            If you say that someone or something has
            got their hooks into you, you mean that they
            are controlling or influencing you very
            strongly, often in a way that is not good for
            you.
            Spielberg has gotten his hooks into 'Peter
            Pan ‘ and the result is an unseemly desecration
            of a classic the world loves.
            But 6mm video faces problems and tough
            competition. For instance, the rival VHS format
            has really got its hooks into the American con
            sumer.

            hoops
            jump through hoops
            go through the hoops
            4
            If someone makes you jump through hoops
            or jump through the hoops to obtain something
            that you want, they make you prove
            your ability and willingness by forcing you to
            do a lot of difficult things first. You can also
            say that they make you go through the

            hoops.
            Eventually, if they jump through enough
            hoops, illegal workers can get work visas.
            The academic staff still wanted the rigour so
            they basically put a four-year course into three
            years and made us jump through hoops.
            When vacancies occur, the office puts out feelers
            to the universities but likely candidates
            must still go through the hoops.

            hoot
            not give a hoot
            not give two hoots

            horn

            214

            4

            If you say that you don't give a hoot or
            don't give two hoots about something, you
            mean that you do not care about it at all.

            hop
            catch someone on the hop
            keep someone on the hop
            have someone on the hop
            If someone is caught on the

            44

            hop, they are

            unprepared for something that happens and

            so are unable to respond quickly or appropriately.
            You can also keep someone on the hop

            or have someone on the hop. These expressions
            are used in British English
            In both cases the West was caught on the hop
            when a brutal dictator decided that it was safe
            to use force to resolve a long standing territorial
            dispute.
            Adam took the fourth qualifying place in his
            semi-final in 2063 seconds and admitted his
            success had caught him on the hop.
            Better policing by American trained enforcers
            is keeping the drug traffickers on the hop and
            driving down prices paid to growers.

            a hop, skip, and a jump
            a hop and a skip
            If one thing is only a hop,

            skip, and a
            jump away from another, they are very close
            together or very closely linked. You can also
            say that one thing is only a hop and a skip
            away from another
            Wells. Maine, is just a hop and skip from
            George Bush 's place in Kennebunkport.
            Of course, the Romanian language is just a
            hop. skip and a jump from Italian.

            horizon
            on the horizon

            444

            If something is on the horizon, it is almost
            certainly going to happen or be done quite

            soon.

            With no solution to the problem in sight, the
            threat of even more violent confrontation looms
            on the horizon.
            But there is hope on the horizon. New enterprise
            zones in the industrial areas have created
            thousands of new jobs.
            With breast cancer, as with many common
            diseases, there is no obvious breakthrough on
            the horizon.

            horn
            blow your own horn
            If you accuse someone of

            blowing their


                evince -p 234 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            hornet
            horn, you are criticizing them for boast
            about themselves. This expression is used
            in American English; the British expression
            is blow your own trumpet.
            Maybe I am a superstar right now, but I
            don t go around blowing my own horn; this is
            a game which kicks you right back in the face.

            own
            ing

            hornet
            4
            stir up a hornet's nest
            If you say that someone has stirred up a

            hornet's nest, you mean that they have done
            something which has caused a lot of controversy
            or has produced a situation which is extremely
            difficult to deal with.
            According to my brother Paul, this Lonnie
            Norton was asking a lot of questions and stirring
            up a hornet's nest around town.
            / seem to have stirred up a hornet's nest.
            Three weeks ago I wrote a column about the
            teaching of Shakespeare in schools. letters,
            from Beijing to Borehamwood, have poured in
            ever since.
            Sometimes people just talk about a hornet's
            nest.
            From that time on a hornet's nest was let
            loose, though it had little impact on the general
            public.
            IVasserman had no idea what a hornet's nest

            he was stepping into.

            horns
            4
            the horns of a dilemma
            If you are on the horns of a dilemma, you
            have to choose between two or more alternatives,
            which seem to be equally good or equally
            bad.

            I was often caught on the horns of a dilem
            ma. Do I work late in the air-conditioned cool
            darkness of the office, or retreat to the bar for
            cold beer?
            'We're caught on the horns of a dilemma.'
            says Nicholas Hinton of the Save the Children
            Fund. Fund raising and grants brought in
            £52m this year. But the problem facing him is
            how best to spend the money.

            lock horns
            If you lock horns with someone, you argue
            or fight with them.
            During his six years in office, Seidman has
            often locked horns with lawmakers as well as
            the administration.
            In midtown Manhattan's densely built real
            estate market, developers and preservationists
            often lock horns.
            / remember a harrowing few days in the October
            of 1962 when Mr Khrushchev and President
            Kennedy locked horns over Russian missiles
            based in Cuba.

            L

            norse

            215

            You can also talk about a locked-homs
            situation.
            In personal relationships, differences could be
            building up slowly towards a locked-homs
            situation.

            pull in your horns
            draw in your horns

            4

            If you pull in your horns or draw in your
            horns, you start behaving more cautiously
            than you did before, especially by spending
            less money.
            The world's big spenders have pulled in their
            horns during the recession and the top designers
            - such as Yves Saint Laurent - have felt the
            pinch.

            Customers are drawing in their horns at a
            of high interest rates, and delaying payment
            to suppliers. Among small businesses the
            knock-on effect can produce an avalanche of

            time

            failures.
            horse

            back the wrong horse

            4

            If someone backs the wrong horse, they
            support the wrong person, for example the
            loser in a contest or election. Verbs such as
            ‘bet' or ‘pick' can be used instead of ‘back'.
            We think they're backing the wrong horse if
            they support the Mengistu government.
            Mr Yanagitani had a wide following among
            ambitious younger employees, who now fear
            they have ruined their prospects by backing the
            wrong horse.
            Many companies have lost millions of dollars
            placing bets on the wrong horses.

            a dark horse

            4-4-4

            If you describe someone as a dark horse,
            you mean that very little is known about
            them, although they may have recently had
            success or may be about to have success.
            To many people, Robert Ayling is an unknown
            quantity, a dark horse who worked
            away behind the scenes at BA. only to be
            thrust into the limelight last February.
            A television debate between Poland's two
            presidential candidates Lech Walesa and the
            dark horse of the campaign, the expatriate
            businessman Mr. Stanislaw Tyminski, was
            called off today when Mr. Tyminski failed to
            appear in the studio.
            D You can also use dark horse before a

            noun.

            William Randolph Hearst had briefly been a
            dark horse candidate for President in 1908.

            eat like a horse
            If you say that someone eats like a horse,
            you mean that they eat a lot because they
            have a large appetite.
            When Kelly is on medication, he eats like a


                evince -p 235 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            horse
            horse and when he is off, he has almost no appetite
            at all.

            flog a dead horse
            beat a dead horse

            If you say that someone is flogging a dead
            horse, you mean that they are wasting their
            time trying to achieve something that cannot
            be done. This form of the expression is used
            in British English; in American English the
            form is beat a dead horse.
            You can see it in the players' eyes and faces.
            They've had enough. They're shattered, exhausted.
            they're totally fed up with playing.
            You're flogging a dead horse. You have some
            talented boys but they're playing like run-down

            machines.
            If bad grades have any coercive value at all,
            it disappears when the high and low groups divide.
            For students who get them after elementa
            ry school, they are like beating a dead horse.
            4
            from the horse's mouth
            If you get a piece of information from the
            horse's mouth, you get it directly from the
            person who knows best or knows most about
            it, and so you are sure it is true.

            He wanted the guidelines crystal clear, and

            from the horse's mouth.

            Most qf the book is completely true: it comes

            from the horse's mouth.
            get on your high horse
            come down off your high horse
            If you say that someone is getting on their

            high horse, you are showing disapproval of
            them for behaving as if they are superior to
            other people, and for refusing to accept any
            criticism of themselves. Other verbs can be
            used instead of ‘get'.
            When Kuwait was occupied. President Bush
            and Prime Minister John Major lost no time in
            getting on their high horses.
            Understandably, they have climbed a high
            horse because they have been called cheats.
            The time has come for the police to join forces
            with residents to prevent crime. As long as the
            police stay on a high horse, communications
            between citizens and police will continue to remain
            weak.
            If someone comes down ofT their high
            horse or gets down off their high horse.
            they stop acting in a superior way.
            Prudence, the older girl, starting law school
            with an eventual judgeship in mind, often
            came down off her high horse and was even
            heard occasionally to tell a risque joke.
            It is time for the intellectuals to get off their
            high horses and to really take the struggle into
            the ghettoes.
            a one-horse race
            If you say that a contest is a one-horse
            race, you mean that it is obvious even before

            norse

            216

            it starts that one person or team is much better
            than the others and will win This expres
            sion is used mainly in British English.
            Marseilles are threatening to turn the French
            championship into a one-horse race.
            lie describes it as a one-horse race. He expects
            that the president will win a landslide vote of

            approval.

            a one-horse town

            4

            If you describe a town as a one-horse town,
            you mean that it is very small, dull, and uninteresting.

            Lumut is something of a one-horse town, but
            you can always take a boat across to Pangkor
            island and look at Dutch ruins.
            I mean, would you want to live in a small
            one horse town for your whole life?

            a stalking horse: 1
            If you describe something as a stalking
            mean that it is being used to obtain
            a temporary advantage so that someone
            can get what they really want at a later date.
            This expression is usually used to show disapproval.
            The development will act as a stalking horse
            for further exploitation of the surrounding
            horse, you

            countryside.

            These are big players with deep pockets And
            although the struggle is centred on London, it
            has a wider significance for commercial radio.
            The successful applicants will almost certainly
            use victory as a stalking horse for an altogether
            more lucrative prize: the third national commercial
            licence.

            a stalking horse: 2
            In politics, a stalking horse is someone
            who stands against the leader of a party to
            test the strength of any opposition to the leader.
            They then withdraw in favour of a stronger
            challenger, if it looks likely that the leader
            can be defeated.
            These days, she is often touted as a stalking
            horse in a leadership contest if John Major is
            forced to quit.
            The newspaper is taking Mr Heseltine's challenge
            very seriously He is no stalking horse for
            a possible later challenger.
            O You can also use stalking horse before a

            noun.

            The notion of a stalking horse challenge at
            the autumn party conference seemed highly un
            likely

            a Trojan horse
            If you describe a policy or activity as a Trojan
            horse, you mean that it seems harmless,
            but is likely to damage or destroy something
            important.
            Socialist politicians have used the Trojan
            horse of ‘urgent need' to conceal their hidden
            ambitions for general income redistribution.


                evince -p 236 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            horses
            Nor is the landscape safe from further tourist
            and leisure intrusions. Speculative golf course
            proposals are now seen as a Trojan Horse for
            hotel and conference centres.
            a

            in Greek mythology, the Trojan horse was
            hollow wooden horse which the Greeks used

            to get soldiers into the city of Troy and de
            stroy it.

            you can lead a horse to water but you
            can't make him drink

            ‘

            If someone says ‘you can lead a horse to
            water, but you can't make him drink', they
            mean that you can give someone the opportunity
            to do something, but you cannot force
            them to do it if they do not want to. This expression
            is often varied.
            Father Whittaker exploded. ‘You are the lim
            it. Obviously you have not listened to a word of
            what has been said. You were brought to
            Pontywen for training. However, as the old
            proverb says, you can bring a horse to the wa
            ter but you can 't make him drink.‘
            You can lead a boy to books, but can you
            make him read?
            That is the trouble with llamas. You can take
            them up a mountain, but you can never make
            them enjoy the view.

            zi /

            ride two horses at the same time
            ride two horses at once
            If you say that someone is riding two
            horses at the same time or is riding two
            horses at once, you are criticizing them for
            trying to follow two conflicting sets of ideas at
            the same time. These expressions are used in
            British English, mainly in journalism.
            He is not doing his popular appeal much
            good by continuing to ride two horses at the
            same time.
            I have to tell you that you're ruling two
            horses at once and no man can do that successfully.
            You are trying to have a free economy,
            but you still want to plan and have rigidities
            within your economic system.

            wild horses
            You can use wild horses in

            horses

            hostage

            hold your horses
            If you say to someone 'hold your horses',
            you are telling them to wait, slow down, or

            a hostage to fortune

            stop for a moment, often when you think that
            they are going to do something hasty. This expression
            is used in spoken English.
            Hold your horses a minute, will you, and just
            take another look at this badge.

            horses for courses
            If you say that something is a matter of
            horses for courses, you mean that different
            people are suitable for different things or
            kinds of situation, and this ought to be taken
            into account when making choices in particular
            cases. This expression is used in British
            English.

            We know the selection for the matches will be
            a case of horses for courses, and so, like any
            one else, I'll just be happy to be playing, whatever
            position.
            Companies started practising horses for
            courses, hiring law firms for their specialities
            rather than sticking with long-term relationships.
            A horses for courses policy or method
            takes account of the differences between people
            or things.
            Ixteds usually required a horses for courses
            policy, and early evidence suggested that they
            did not choose a side that would give them the
            long periods of control they needed in the field.

            expressions

            such as 'wild horses would not drag me to
            something' or ‘wild horses would not make
            me do something' to emphasize that you will
            not do something even if other people try to
            force you to.
            / would not confess Wild horses wouldn't
            drag this secret out of me
            Wild horses wouldn't make Nicola sell the
            yard if she found out it would make me rich.

            *

            If you are a hostage to fortune, you cannot
            control how a situation develops, and so you
            have to accept any bad things that happen.
            This expression is used mainly in British

            English.
            Charles, then nearly 33, had already made
            himself a hostage to fortune by declaring that
            30 was a suitable age to settle down
            He was a bachelor and housekeepers were not
            in plentiful supply As a hostage to fortune he
            had no alternative but to ignore her laziness
            D If you say that you do not want to give any
            hostages to fortune, you mean that you do
            not want to say or do something which could
            cause problems for you in the future, because
            you will have no control over how die situation
            develops.
            Despite persistent Questioning, he gave no hostages
            to fortune in the form of a timetable.
            By opting for the best rather than the mediocre,
            the council recognises that it may have
            handed a hostage to fortune. Many departments
            may be hard pressed to achieve the new
            standards that have been set for them.

            hot
            blow hot and cold: 1
            If you say that someone blows hot and cold
            on something, you mean that their attitude to
            it keeps changing, so that sometimes they


                evince -p 237 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            hot
            seem enthusiastic or interested, and sometimes
            they do not. This expression is often
            used to show disapproval.
            The media, meanwhile, has blown hot and
            cold on the affair.
            For years Prince Sihanouk has blown hot
            and cold with those trying to bring peace to
            Cambodia.
            D In British English, you can also say that
            someone is blowing hot to mean that they
            are enthusiastic about something or interested
            in it at the moment, but that you are sure
            their attitude will soon change.
            He was capricious, indeed some would say
            treacherous, on the issue of mine closures,
            blowing hot one day in defence of the miners,
            and backing down a few days later.

            blow hot and cold: 2
            If you say that someone blows hot and
            cold, you mean that sometimes their work or
            performance is good, and sometimes it is not.
            They seem to have blown hot and cold in
            their early matches.
            4
            hot and bothered
            If you say that someone gets hot and bothered
            about something, you mean that they become
            very upset or worried about it. You
            usually use this expression when you want to
            suggest that they are getting upset about

            something unimportant.

            Sir Terence was astonished that everybody
            had got so hot and bothered about the affair.
            The boss was asking for you earlier. He
            sounded hot and bothered.

            hot and cold
            If you say that someone or something makes
            you feel hot and cold, you mean that they
            make you feel extremely worried or nervous,
            and this causes you to feel as if your body is
            both hot and cold at the same time. This expression
            is used in British English.
            Neither of them had ever made her feel hot
            and cold at the same time, as Cordon Hardie

            was doing.

            When she realized what she was reading she
            grew hot and cold all over.

            hot as hell
            hot as Hades
            If you say that it is as hot as hell, you are
            emphasizing that it is extremely hot.
            In the summer it is hot as hell. The heat
            lands like a blanket thrown over you as soon
            as you step off the plane.
            You can also say that it is as hot as Hades.
            This is a fairly literary expression.
            The shafts were dug straight down, hundreds
            of feet into rock and blackness. It was always
            bone<old at the top, and hot as Hades as you
            descended.

            nour

            218

            too hot to handle

            4

            If you say that someone or something is too
            hot to handle, you mean that they are so
            dangerous, difficult, or extreme that people do
            not want to be involved with them.
            Even for someone of Mr Hurd's skill and experience,
            the situation proved too hot to handle.
            Wherever he has been based, his host country
            has eventually found him too hot to handle.
            To do so would require changing the constitution,
            and that is too hot for any politician to
            handle.

            hot cakes
            sell like hot cakes
            go like hot cakes
            sell like hotcakes

            4

            If you say that things sell like hot cakes or
            go like hot cakes, you mean that they are
            very popular and people buy large quantities
            of them in a short time.
            Their whisky was selling like hot cakes.
            Her products sold like hotcakes
            The salesman says they've been going like
            hotcakes.
            'Hotcakes' is the usual form in American
            English, and it is also occasionally used in
            British English. In American English,
            'hotcakes' are pancakes, while in British English
            'hot cakes' are cakes which have just
            been baked.

            hots
            have the hots for someone
            get the hots for someone

            4

            If someone has the hots for you or gets the
            hots for you, they are very strongly attracted
            to you sexually. These are informal expressions.
            But it's obvious Catherine has the hots for
            Curran too and soon the two are locked in
            each other's arms.
            Just as I suspected, Angie. You're starting to
            get the hots for James. Poor guy, he doesn't
            stand a chance now.

            hour
            the eleventh hour

            444

            If something happens at the eleventh hour,
            it happens very late or at the last possible

            moment.
            The cause seemed lost until, at the eleventh
            hour, a telegram arrived at the Fund from an
            unknown English lady living abroad, offering
            to make up the balance.
            The concert, scheduled for last Saturday, was
            cancelled at the eleventh hour, after the star
            Peter Gabriel pulled out on Thursday.
            Labour clung on to fading hopes of victory
            until the eleventh hour


                evince -p 238 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            house
            An eleventh hour decision or action is one
            that occurs at the last possible moment
            The eleventh hour decision came as the President
            made it clear he was prepared to gamble
            his political career if it came to conflict.
            The company has sold off 31 social clubs to
            Mansfield Brewery in an eleventh hour deal.
            Q

            house
            bring the house down
            <
            If a person or their performance brings the
            house down, the audience claps and cheers
            loudly for a long time because they liked the
            performance so much.
            Juliet Stevenson, used to bringing the house
            down when she appears on stage, was particularly
            pleased at the enthusiastic reception for
            her latest performance.
            We had just one rehearsal and I was petrified
            but, as Lenny predicted, the sketch brought the
            house down.

            eat someone out of house and home
            If you say that someone is eating you out
            of house and home, you are complaining

            that they eat so much food that it costs you a
            lot of money to feed them.
            Now all her remaining savings were under
            threat, because Cissie had let her down. Not to
            mention Dot and Meg. who were eating her out
            of house and home.
            They eat everybody out of house and home
            but nobody minds because they provide such
            first rate entertainment
            get on like a house on fire
            If two people get on like a house on fire,
            they quickly become close friends, for example
            because they have similar interests.
            / went over and struck up a conversation,
            and we got on like a house on fire.
            When I introduced Nicky to my old school
            friend Alex, the pair of them got on like a

            house on fire.
            a halfway house

            hue

            219

            4

            A halfway house is a compromise between
            two things, or a combination of two things.
            This expression is used in British English.
            A halfway house between the theatre and cinema
            is possible.
            In any case, the closer some countries have
            come to Brussels, the less attractive has appeared
            the halfway house option and the more
            appealing full membership of the Community.

            a house of cards
            If you say that a system, organization, or
            plan is like a house of cards, you mean that
            it is likely to fail or collapse.
            This government could fall apart like a house
            of cards during the first policy discussion
            The banking and monetary system, which

            was at best a fragile house of cards under the
            Communists, is already in collapse.

            not give someone house room

            4

            You can say that you would not give someone
            or something house room when you
            strongly dislike or disapprove of them and
            you want to have nothing to do with them.
            This expression is used in British English.
            Conservatives should not give house room to
            those arguing we can trade a little more inflation
            for a little more growth.
            Personally, I feel that some of the paintings
            that people pay thousands and thousands of
            pounds for are absolute rubbish You know, /
            wouldn't give them house-room.
            rve talked to no-one who gives this malicious
            slur an inch of house-room.
            put your house in order
            get your house in order
            If you put your house in order or get your
            house in order, you make sure that all your
            affairs are arranged properly and there is
            nothing wrong with them. Verbs such as
            ‘keep' or ‘set' can be used instead of ‘put' or
            •get'.
            The government gives the newspaper industry
            a twelve-month deadline to put its house in order
            or face tough statutory controls.
            The government is also trying to put its own
            house in order and trim its deficit by cracking

            down on tax evasion.
            The President said the United States remains
            the world's ‘engine of prosperity', but must get
            its economic house in order by adopting his
            plan for deficit reduction and investment.
            She claimed the high street banks were incapable
            of keeping their house in order and
            called for the Government to introduce regulation
            through the Bank of England.

            houses
            round the houses
            If you say that someone is going round the
            houses, you mean that they keep talking
            about unimportant things, rather than concentrating
            on what they are supposed to be discussing.
            This expression is used in British
            English.
            What certainly came into my notes at the last
            meeting is that although in many cases we talk
            round the houses, we get to the important issues
            as well.

            hue
            a hue and cry
            If there is a hue and cry about something,
            there is a loud protest about it or opposition
            to it
            There probably will be a hue and cry about
            my suggestion of more power to the police, but


                evince -p 239 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            huff

            ice

            220

            until the criminals realise someone will take
            them in hand, they will do exactly what they
            want.
            Your officers know what's expected of them.
            They prepare, take a test, and accept the results
            without any hue and cry.

            hump
            get the hump
            If you get the hump, you get annoyed or irritated
            by something. This expression is used
            in British English.
            Dad used to coach me in the back garden
            when / was about JO or 11 but he tried to
            drum too much into me and / used to get the
            hump with him.

            -

            huff
            in a huff

            44

            If you say that someone is in a huff, you
            mean that they are behaving in an irritable,

            over the hump
            If you are over the hump in an unpleasant
            situation, you are past the worst
            part of it.
            I think we're basically over the hump in this
            instance. We've got an economy now that's likely
            to grow.

            bad-tempered, and childish way, because they
            could not get something they wanted.
            Hestormed off in a huff because he didn 'twin.
            He was an officer in the Guards, from which
            he had resigned in a huff when he was passed
            or difficult

            over for promotion

            I
            i

            that breaks the ice.

            dot the i's and cross the t's
            If someone dots the i's and crosses the t's,
            they add the final minor details to a piece of
            work, plan, or arrangement.
            The two sides went into these talks with positions
            that were not very far apart in terms of
            their political demands. Dotting all the i's and
            crossing all the t's may take some time, how
            ever.
            Unless all the i's are dotted and the t's are
            crossed, a contract is not likely to be enforced.

            444

            If you say that something cuts no ice with
            you, you mean that you are not impressed or
            influenced by it. Words such as ‘little', ‘much',
            or 'any' can be used instead of 'no'.
            Flying is dreadful. Statistics cut no ice with
            anyone scared of going up in the air in a

            plane

            Mikhail Gorbachev won the Nobel Peace
            Prize, but this cut little ice at home.

            ice
            break the ice

            Graham's breakfast-time phone call to David

            was an ice breaking exercise.
            cut no ice

            444

            If you break the ice at a party or meeting,
            or in a new situation, you say or do something
            to make people feel relaxed and comfortable.
            Break the ice with tea or coffee and get to
            know your client a little better
            I started off by grinning at the audience and
            remarking that it seemed natural to be back in

            Madison Square Garden again. That broke the
            ice and from then on all was smooth sailing.
            The first half hour or so passed with many

            suffering from extreme self-consciousness, until
            the ice was broken by excellent beer from the

            local brewery.
            C An ice-breaker is something that you say
            or do to break the ice.
            This presentation was a good ice-breaker. A
            few laughs go a long way toward making a po
            tential client cornfortable.
            An ice-breaking comment or action is one

            In the centre stands Alberto Michelini. an
            outgoing member of parliament, and once a
            popular television journalist with strong
            church backing. Such credentials may no longer
            cut much ice in Italian politics.

            put something on ice

            on ice

            444

            If something such as a plan or project is put
            on ice, it is postponed. If a plan or project
            stays on ice or is on ice, no action is taken
            to put it into operation.
            The exchange of prisoners, the top priority on
            the list of issues to be resolved, has been halted,
            and further high-level meetings have been
            put on ice.
            Plans have been put on ice for a meeting in
            London of the five permanent members of the
            United Nations Security Council to discuss the
            issue.
            A further cut in base rates to 6% is now likely
            to stay on ice till next year.


                evince -p 240 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            icing
            skate on thin ice

            44

            If you say that someone is skating on thin
            ice, you mean that they have got themselves
            into a difficult situation which may have seri
            ous or unpleasant consequences for them.
            Other verbs such as ‘tread', ‘walk', ‘stand', or

            •be' can be used instead of ‘skate'.
            All through my career I had skated on thin
            ice on many assignments and somehow had, so
            far. got away with it.
            Watch it Max, Christopher thought gleefully,
            you're treading on very thin ice.
            I could see I was on thin ice. His professional
            pride was injured.

            icing

            the icing on the cake
            the frosting on the cake

            innings

            221

            444

            If you describe something as the icing on
            the cake, you mean that it is an extra good
            thing that happens and makes a situation or
            activity even better. In American English, you
            can also talk about the frosting on the cake.
            / was proud to be a member of the Mercedes
            Benz Grand Prix team, but to drive their fantastic
            sports cars as well really was the icing
            on the cake.
            To ride for one's country is the ultimate accolade.
            To be in a winning team is the icing on

            the cake.
            If it works out that he or she becomes a
            friend after you have enjoyed a good professional
            relationship, that is frosting on the cake.
            D You can also use these expressions to refer
            to something which is only a minor part of
            the main thing you are talking about.
            Consumer electronics in Japan is now a 35
            billion dollars a year business. This is just the
            icing on the cake. Counting all the industrial
            equipment that Japanese electronics companies
            make as well, they are now generating between
            them an annual 200 billion dollars of sales.
            Finance Minister Vaclav Klaus has dismissed
            environmental issues as the frosting on the
            cake.

            inch

            come

            within an inch of doing
            something
            -4
            If you come within an inch of doing something,
            you very nearly do it. You can also say
            that you are within an inch of doing some
            thing.
            A driver who nearly sideswipes a truck and
            comes within an inch of smashing into a tree
            will nonetheless grandly proclaim that there is
            nothing wrong with his eyesight.
            It was against everything she had always believed
            in. She had been within an inch of dis-
            into his
            not?

            soft brown eyes and

            wondered, why

            someone an inch and they'll take
            a mile

            give

            If you say ‘give someone an inch and
            they'll take a mile', you mean that if you do
            a small favour for someone, they will become
            greedy and ask you to do bigger and bigger
            favours for them and make you regret doing
            the first favour.
            Gorbachev hoped to promote reform, not so as
            to lead on to revolution, but precisely to prevent
            it. He meant to give the GDR socialism
            with a human face, not to get rid of the GDR
            altogether. But when the leaders gave an inch
            the people took a mile.
            Sometimes people just say "give them an
            inch', or use another word instead of ‘mile'.
            You need to keep the leading rein taut if you
            want to be seen as a macho manager. Besides.
            everyone knows what happens when you give
            them an inch.
            The problem with him was that if you gave
            him an inch he'd take six.

            to within an inch of your life
            If someone beats another person to within
            an inch of their life, they beat them very severely.
            His fists were clenched as if he were going to
            beat Smythe to within an inch of his life.
            You can use to within an inch of their
            life or within an inch of them life after oth
            er verbs to say that someone does something
            to an extreme degree,
            Number 20 was seen not as decorated, but
            decorated to within an inch of its life. To the
            buyer's eye, it was horribly overdone.
            Poor old PK is bullied within an inch of his

            Ii/e.

            ink
            bleed red ink
            If a company is bleeding red ink, it has se
            vere financial problems. This expression is
            used mainly in journalism.
            Even large companies are bleeding red ink.
            But they are quickly closing plants and axing
            thousands of jobs to boost performance.
            In 1991, although growth was at a solid 4.4%,
            annual inflation was 50% and governmentowned businesses continued to bleed red ink.

            innings
            have a good innings:1
            You can say that someone has had a good
            innings or has had a long innings when
            they have just stopped doing something, for
            example a job, that they have been doing successfully
            for a long time. This is an oldfashioned
                expression, which is used mainly in
            British English.

                evince -p 241 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            ins
            His career ended when his horse fell and hoof
            kicks in the face left him with injuries to his
            cheekbone and the permanent loss of 90 per
            cent vision in his left eye. 7 had a good innings,'
            he says in that incredibly modest way

            of jump jockeys.
            have a good innings: 2
            When someone has just died or is about to
            die, if you say that they have had a good innings,
            you mean that they have lived for a
            long time and have had a fulfilling and rewarding
            life. This is an old fashioned expression,
            which is used in British English.
            His mental attitude towards his Aids was
            stoical: he himself had had a good innings, he
            said, but he was smitten with pity for younger
            victims in desolate circumstances.

            ins
            44
            the ins and outs
            If you refer to the ins and outs of a situation
            or system, you mean all the complicated
            details or facts about it.
            Without medical qualifications it is impos
            sible to understand the ins and outs of heart

            remedies.
            There are many helpful books now available
            written by cookery and dietary experts who can
            advise on the ins and outs qf dieting in great
            detail.

            insult
            444
            add insult to injury
            If you add insult to injury, you make a bad
            situation worse by doing something that

            upsets or harms someone, after you have already
            done something bad to them.
            The Council of State opposed the president's
            unconstitutional referenda and added insult to
            injury by leaking its hostile and secret com
            ments to the press.
            The absence qf District Council representatives
            at the meeting, who could have answered
            the criticism, added insult to the injury and led
            the critics to believe that the Council attached
            no importance to the race relations qf the community.

            You can use to add insult to injury or
            adding insult to injury to introduce a fur
            ther unpleasant thing that has happened and
            that you are reporting.
            The driver qf the car that killed Simon Collins
            got a £250 fine and five penalty points on
            his licence. To add insult to injury, he drove
            away from court in his own car.

            ivory

            222

            iron
            cast iron

            -4

            A cast iron guarantee or alibi is one that is
            absolutely certain and can definitely be believed.
            They are demanding cast iron guarantees of
            a fair hearing and a promise they will not be
            handed over to Western intelligence services.
            Even if one could visualize her as a murderer, she has a cast-iron alibi
            They come down hard on unpunctuality, unless
            you've a cast-iron excuse.
            'Cast iron' is often written as 'cast-iron' in
            British English.

            strike while the iron is hot
            If you say that someone should strike while
            the iron is hot, you mean that they should
            act immediately, while they have the best
            chance of succeeding at something.
            This is the week to get plans off the ground.
            It's time to strike while the iron is hot.
            After the ordeals of the past few months, governments
            will be looking over their shoulders
            at unpredictable markets and volatile voters.
            They may decide to strike while the iron is hot

            irons
            4
            have a lot of irons in the Are
            If someone has a lot of irons in the fire,
            they are involved in several different activities
            or have several different plans at the
            same time, so that there is likely to be something
            which succeeds even if others fail. This

            expression is very variable.
            7 will be earning a lot more money. ' he says,
            declining to say how much more. 7 also have a
            number of other irons in the fire '
            Be realistic about your goals Too many irons
            in the fire can sap your energy and prevent you
            from seeing which path to take in your career.

            ivory

            an ivory tower

            444

            If you accuse someone of living in an Ivory
            tower, you mean that their lifestyle or their
            work prevents them from experiencing the
            problems experienced by other ordinary people,
            and so they remain generally unaware of
            these problems.
            They're all out of touch they live up in a little
            ivory tower, and they don't see what's going
            on down here.
            This won't happen until strategists come
            down from their ivory tower and learn to work
            in the real world of limited budgets and uncertain
            futures.
            If you just want to discuss pretty little theories
            in your ivory towers, that's no good


                evince -p 242 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            jack

            job

            223

            J
            jack
            a jack of all trades: 1

            4

            If you describe someone as a jack of all
            mean that they have many differ

            trades, you

            ent skills.

            He soon caught the theatre bug, and became
            a jack of all trades at the local amateur theatre.
            4
            a jack of all trades: 2
            [f you say that someone is a jack of all
            trades, or a jack of all trades but master of
            none, you mean that they can do a large
            number of different things but that they are
            not very good at doing any of them.
            His critics sometimes described him as a
            jack-of-all-trades.
            I believe in specialisation Too many photographers
            are jacks of all trades and masters cf
            none.

            jackpot
            44
            hit the jackpot: 1
            If someone hits the jackpot with something,
            it is very successful and they earn a lot
            of money from it.
            The National Theatre hit the jackpot with its
            first musical, Guys And Dolls.
            Sylvester Stallone. Arnold Schwarzenegger
            and Bruce Willis hit the jackpot when they
            opened a restaurant in New York.
            hit the jackpot: 2
            You can say that someone hits the jackpot
            when they succeed in getting or finding some
            thing which they have been trying to get or

            find
            / went through all the people called Lasalles
            in the Sydney phone book until l hit the jack
            pm

            jam
            jam tomorrow
            jam today
            4
            If someone says ‘jam tomorrow', they mean
            that people are being promised that they will
            have something in the future, although they
            cannot have it now. This expression is often
            used to suggest that people are in fact unlikely
            to receive what they have been promised.
            It is used mainly in British English.
            The City simply does not believe it. It has
            been promised jam tomorrow too many times
            before by the company.
            There is also an element of ‘jam tomorrow'
            °bout some of Mr Eamont's measures

            O Jam today is used to refer to the idea that
            people can have or get something immediately,
            rather than having to wait.
            Economists generally assume that most people
            value jam today more highly than the same
            quantity of jam tomorrow.
            This expression comes from the children's
            story Through the Looking Glass', by Lewis
            Carroll, where the Red Queen says, The rule
            is jam tomorrow and jam yesterday, but never
            jam today.'

            Jell-O
            like trying to nail Jell-O to the wall
            If you say that something is like trying to
            nail Jell-O to the wall, you are emphasizing
            that it is extremely difficult or impossible.
            This expression is used in American English.
            He also complained that pinning down PCC's
            cost formula ‘was like trying to nail Jell-O to
            the wall'.
            Right now, it's just about like trying to nail
            five pounds of Jell-O to the wall with a 16penny nail.
            Jell-O is a trademark

            jewel
            444
            the jewel in someone's crown
            If you describe something as the jewel in
            someone's crown, you consider it to be the
            best thing they have, or the achievement that
            they can be most proud of

            His achievement is astonishing and this book
            is the jewel in his crown.
            But probably the jewel in the architectural
            crown of North Yorkshire is Castle Howard.
            Full employment should again become the
            jewel in the crown cf political ambition.

            job
            do a job on someone
            If one person does a job on another, the
            first person defeats the second or harms them
            in some way. This is an informal expression.
            Coetzer is a difficult opponent. But I'm equally
            sure l can do a job on him
            They sure did a job on you. With a stout
            stick. I'd say.

            a full-time job

            4

            If you say that doing something, for example
            looking after someone, is a full-time job. you
            are emphasizing that it takes a great deal of
            time and effort.
            Maintaining a happy home in which a family


                evince -p 243 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            jobs
            can thrive is a full-time job, and for many
            women it becomes their career for life.

            jobs
            jobs for the boys
            4
            jobs for the girls
            If you refer to a situation as jobs For the
            boys, you are pointing out disapprovingly
            that well-paid or prestigious jobs in a particu
            lar organization are being given to people
            who are the friends, relatives, or supporters
            of someone in that organization, rather than
            to the people who are best qualified to do the
            job. This expression is used in British English.
            The council has faced a string of allegations
            over 'jobs for the boys'.
            By backing him through all this turmoil he's
            proving that it's jobs for the boys.
            Jobs for the girls is used to indicate that
            work is given to women.
            The customary Eighties insistence on jobs for
            the girls may fall upon deaf ears.

            Johnny
            Johnny-come-lately
            4
            You use Johnny-come-lately to refer to
            someone who becomes involved in an activity
            or organization after it has already started,
            when you think that they are less reliable or
            experienced than the people who have been
            involved since the beginning.
            The basic trouble was that, in the eyes of the
            left, Benn was always something of a Johnnycome-lately.
            He is regarded by many other managers as a
            Johnny-come-lately. But if they believe he is inexperienced,
            he knows much more than the vast
            majority of them about foreign coaching meth
            otls
            Johnny-come-lately can also be used be
            fore a noun.
            We advise members who want to rent cars to
            ensure that they are dealing with a reliable
            not the
            and long-established company
            Johnny-come-lately firm that's just set up
            round the corner.
            ‘Johnny' is sometimes replaced by another
            name, to refer more directly to the person being
            discussed.
            This ex-Republican David-come-lately is still
            mistrusted by the left-leaning young veterans cf
            the campaign.

            joker
            the joker in the pack

            jugular

            224

            4

            If you describe something or someone as the
            joker in the pack, you mean that they are
            different from the other things or people in a
            situation and do not seem to fit in, or may

            cause problems. This expression is used mainly
            in British English.
            The Nova, for a long time the joker in
            VauxhalTs pack, is due for replacement by a
            new model, to be called the Corsa.
            Franco Moschino is described as the joker in
            the pack of Italian fashion.

            Joneses
            keep up with the Joneses
            4
            If you say that someone is trying to keep
            up with the Joneses, you mean that they are
            trying to have or do the same things as other
            people that they know, even if they do not really
            have enough money to do this, or are not
            really interested in these things.
            Her mother, Louise, was very keen on keeping
            up with the Joneses, and through much of her
            teens Linda accepted what she now calls 'these
            false values'.
            Of course, In this desperate attempt to keep
            up with the Jones's, they are all the more likely
            to end up poor.

            judgment
            sit in judgment

            4

            If you say that someone should not sit in
            judgment on other people, you mean that
            they do not have the right to criticize them or
            give opinions about their achievements.
            I think people should work hard to keep a
            marriage alive. I don 't want to sit in judgment
            on other people, but if there's anything that's
            good you should try to hold on to it.
            I was too junior in government to have political
            dealing with him so I never had any reason
            not to trust him. It would be presumptuous of
            me to sit in judgement on him.
            ‘Judgment' is often spelled 'judgement' in
            British English.

            jugular
            go for the jugular
            go for the throat

            44

            If you say that someone goes for the jugular,
            you mean that they attack their opponent
            or enemy very decisively at the point where
            they can cause the greatest damage. You can
            also say that they go for the throat.
            If England go for the jugular in tonight's

            game and play anything like they did against
            the Poles at Wembley, we won't have to worry
            about scraping a draw.
            Why is it so difficult for the Democrats to go
            for the jugular on the issue of mismanaging
            the economy?
            When you can win, you go for the throat.
            When you're going to lose, you go for the compromise.

            You can also use 'jugular' in many other


                evince -p 244 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            keen

            225

            jump
            expressions and structures with a similar
            meaning.
            Smith didn't have the instinct for the jugular
            that his successor Ed Meese had.
            This old guard worries that go-fbr-the jugular
            journalism oversimplifies the world - reporting
            as black and white what should be grey.

            jump
            for the high jump
            If you say that someone is for the high

            jump up and down
            44
            If you say that someone is jumping up and
            down about something, you mean that they are
            very excited, angry, or upset about it.
            They're jumping up and down and saying: "We
            will do something about this. '

            take a running jump
            If someone tells you to take a running jump,
            they are telling you in a rude way to mind your

            own business and not interfere because they do

            not care what you think. This expression is used
            mainly in British English.
            'My dad reckons your letters are all made up. '
            ‘Well you can tell your dad to take a running jump
            because we don't make up theletters ever.'
            That'sfinal then. He's staying and public opinion
            can take a running jump.
            7 hope Mr Perry doesn 't see this.' 'Mr Perry, ' Ed
            said, 'can go take a running jump at himself.'

            jump, you mean that it is certain that they
            will be punished for something they have
            done wrong. This expression is used in Brit
            ish English.
            God help anyone who was sneaking a cup of
            tea when they shouldn't have been. They'll be
            for the high jump.

            get a jump on someone

            44

            If you get a jump on someone or something,
            or get the jump on them, you do
            siJinething before they do and so gain an ad
            vantage over them. Other verbs such as ‘have'
            are sometimes used Instead of ‘get'. This expression
            is used mainly in American English.
            This year, many stores did try to get a jump
            on the shopping season by holding promotional

            jury
            the jury is still out

            44

            If you say that the jury is still out on a
            particular subject, you mean that people have
            not yet formed an opinion about it or reached
            a decision. You can also just say that the
            jury is out.
            The jury's still out on what are the long term
            effects of air pollution
            Specialists haven 't been able to make up their
            minds whether hair dye is safe or not. The
            jury is still out. ' says Dr Venitt firmly. There
            are niggling doubts. '

            sales even before Thanksgiving.
            Fittipaldi got the jump on him and with two
            laps logo led by 1.8 seconds.
            Schools in the upper part of Florida are playing
            games now while we haven't even been practicing
            lately, so they'regoing to haveajumpon us.

            K
            kangaroos
            kangaroos in your top paddock
            If you say that someone has kangaroos in
            their top paddock, you mean that they have
            Peculiar ideas or are crazy. ‘Roos' can be used
            instead of ‘kangaroos'. This is an informal expression,
            which is used mainly in Australian
            English.
            I have this passion for life, a desperate desire
            to drink it by the bucketful while others sip it
            delicately by the spoonful. Some attribute it to
            a low boredom threshold, while others simply
            Put it down to having a few kangaroos loose in
            the top paddock.

            A woman's a dangerous and unpredictable

            creature. A guy who pretends to understand the
            sheilas has got roos in his top paddock.

            keel
            on an even keel

            44

            If someone or something is on an even
            keel, they are calm or are progressing steadi
            ly, especially during or after a period of troubles
            or difficulties.
            She sees it as her role to keep the family on
            an even keel through its time of hardship.
            You may begin to wonder if having a baby
            was the right thing to do and whether you'll
            ever get back on an even keel.

            keen
            keen as mustard
            You say that someone is keen as mustard

            to emphasize that they are very eager or
            alert. This is an old-fashioned expression,
            which is used mainly in British English.


                evince -p 245 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            keep
            I have an adult pupil who scored very low in
            assessments but is keen as mustard. He's made

            staggering progress and loves every minute

            of

            it

            You can also describe someone as
            mustard-keen.
            Sir Richard was mustard-keen to say his bit.
            Chappie took two wickets largely through being
            mustard keen.

            keep
            earn its keep

            4

            If you say that something earns its keep,
            you mean that it is good value and justifies
            the amount of money that it costs or the
            space that it takes up.
            In Bob's garden everything must earn its
            keep, with fruits and vegetables given priority

            over flowers.

            If you're short of storage space in your kitch
            en, whatever appliances you do have really
            need to earn their keep.

            keeper

            not someone's keeper
            If you are asked where someone is and you
            answer that you are not their keeper, you
            are saying in quite a rude way that you do
            not know where they are and you cannot be
            expected to know.
            7 don't know where he is,' Hughes replied,
            ‘I'm not his keeper ' 'No, simply his employer. ‘
            Aubrey sighed once more. 'We know that you
            must have a precise idea as to his whereabouts.
            '
            not your brother's keeper
            You can say that you are not your brother's
            keeper to indicate that you do not accept
            responsibility for other people in any way.
            Part of me wants to help him, but part of me
            realizes I can 't be my brother's keeper.

            ken
            beyond your ken
            4
            If you say that something is beyond your
            ken, you mean that you do not have much
            knowledge, understanding, or experience of it.
            For the millions under the age of 40 who will
            be voting in the next general election. Labour
            governments are beyond their ken.
            Much art in Soviet museums has remained
            beyond the ken of Western connoisseurs.

            emphasize that it is completely unlike another
            thing that you are mentioning.
            Artistic integrity? Who needs it? Money? Now
            that's a completely different kettle of fish.
            Car hi-fi is another kettle of fish altogether,
            since it's not just a matter of buying the gear,
            but having it installed as well
            In journalism, people sometimes replace
            ‘fish' with a more specific word for a fish, or

            with another word which is relevant to the
            situation that they are talking about.
            This is another kettle of herring altogether.
            Like it or hate it, no one could possibly ask
            what the Attlee government stood for. Harold
            Wilson, though, was a different kettle </fudge.

            a pretty kettle of fish
            a fine kettle of fish
            If someone describes a situation as a pretty

            kettle of fish or a fine kettle of fish, they
            are being ironic and criticizing it because it
            is confused and unsatisfactory These are oldfashioned expressions.
            Well, this is a pretty kettle of fish, as Queen
            Mary said.

            kibosh
            put the kibosh on something
            If someone puts the kibosh on something,
            they prevent it from happening, continuing,

            or being successful.
            The export boom has also put the kibosh,

            once and for all, on the old belief that the

            American economy is relatively self sufficient.

            kick
            kick ass
            kick butt

            a different kettle of fish
            44

            You can say that something is a different
            kettle of fish or another kettle of fish to

            44

            If a person in authority kicks ass, they behave
            in an unpleasant and aggressive way towards
            people, giving them strict orders to carry
            out, and punishing them if they refuse.
            You can also say that they kick butt. These
            are very informal expressions, which many
            people find offensive. They are used mainly in
            American English, but are becoming more
            common in British English.
            A whole society is based upon the premise

            that the man or woman with the power and
            the money can kick ass whenever or wherever
            he or she likes.
            Everybody says they've really been kicking
            ass lately. Busting places up, harassing everybody.

            kick someone in the teeth
            a kick in the teeth

            kettle
            another kettle of fish

            kick

            226

            44

            If you say that you have been kicked in
            the teeth, you mean that someone has unexpectedly
            treated you very badly and unfairly.
            The union had been led to expect that the


                evince -p 246 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            Kick
            would be given favourable treatment:
            coalfield we
            have been kicked in the teeth. '

            Instead

            This is not about vengeance, it's about fair

            play As it is, 51 people have died in vain and

            the survivors have been kicked in the teeth.
            We have had ministers round before saying
            you are doing a wonderful Job, and then kicking
            you in the teeth.
            Cl You can also say that you get a kick in
            the teeth.
            pendry described the letter as a ‘kick in the
            teeth' and an 'insult'.
            1 laid my life on the line for the company and
            they repaid me with a kick in the teeth.

            kick someone when they are down

            If you say that you should not kick someone
            when they're down, you mean that when
            someone is in a weak position and at a disad
            vantage, it is wrong to hurt, upset, or criticize
            them further.
            It's time to let Kinnock bow out gracefully if
            he wants to. He has done an awful lot for the
            Labour party, so don't kick a man when he's

            down.

            He must be monitored rigorously to ensure
            that the poor are not kicked while they're down
            by a reform which otherwise has a lot going
            for it.
            I'm afraid that is human nature You always
            get kicked when you're down.

            a kick up the backside
            a kick in the butt
            a boot up the backside

            rviiKeimy

            227

            It hurts like hell, but that's racing. One minute
            on top of the world, the next getting kicked
            in the butt.
            In British English, people occasionally replace
            ‘kick' with ‘boot'.
            There are certain players in need cf an extra
            boot up the bum, particularly those on the
            fringe cf selection.

            kickoff
            for a kick-off
            You use for a kick-off to indicate that you
            are mentioning just one of a number of
            things, points, or reasons which you could list
            or mention if you wanted to.
            Is it not in fact the opinion of the public that
            most dentists earn far too much for a kick-ofP

            kid
            treat someone with kid gloves
            handle someone with kid gloves

            4

            If you treat someone with kid gloves or
            handle them with kid gloves, you treat them
            very carefully, for example because they are
            very important or because they are easily
            upset. People sometimes use this expression
            when they want to suggest that they do not
            think this kind of treatment is right or neces
            sary.

            <*

            You say that someone needs a kick up the
            backside or a kick up the arse when you
            disapprove of their behaviour and attitudes
            and you think that they should start acting in
            a more reasonable, modest, and acceptable
            way. These forms of the expression are used
            in British English, and there are many variations.
            In American English, people talk
            about a kick in the butt or a kick in the
            ass. These are all very informal expressions
            and many people consider them offensive.
            I hope this gives him the kick up the backside
            he needs. Maybe he'll knuckle down and
            still do a job for the club. If not he'll have to

            go

            He got four goals. But he needed a kick up
            the arse before he started to play properly.
            They deserve a kick up the rear end then,
            don't they, for that.
            He was going to have to give this unit a real
            kick in the ass, shake things up.
            O You can also say, for example, that some°ne is kicked up the backside.
            Why would you have preferred students to be
            "tore stroppy on committees? Did you think
            universities need in fact kicking up the backside a little bit?

            To a large degree Mr Sarbutts was treated as
            a VIP. He was very much our guest at the police
            station, which l was not too happy about.
            and everybody was treating him with kid
            gloves.

            I'm not suggesting that you all begin handling
            Bessie with kid gloves.
            Even in presidential campaigns, foreign policy
            is treated with kid gloves.
            Kid gloves is used in other structures and
            expressions where you are describing how
            carefully someone is being treated.
            The oddest aspect of the film, however, was
            the kid-glove treatment of Captain Jo
            Hazlewood, the man actually in charge qf the
            doomed tanker.
            We must take off the kid gloves and smash
            these evil monsters once and for all

            Kilkenny
            fight like Kilkenny cats
            If you say that people fight like Kilkenny
            cats, you mean that they fight or disagree
            very violently and destructively. This is an
            old-fashioned expression, which is used in
            British English.
            For six years Mr Wilder and Mr Robb have
            been fighting like Kilkenny cats


                evince -p 247 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            kill
            kill
            in at the kill
            in on the kill
            If someone is in at the kill or Is In on the

            kill, they are present and either watching or
            taking part when a contest or struggle comes
            to an end and one side is decisively defeated.
            ‘In at the kill' is used only in British English.
            Bums was one of the happiest men at the finish.
            He had sparked the action after only five
            miles and was in at the kill 106 miles and
            four-and-a-quarter hours later.

            move In for the kill
            44
            go for the kill
            In a fight or contest, if someone moves in
            for the kill or goes for the kill, they act decisively
                to defeat their enemy or opponent.
            Other verbs are sometimes used instead of
            ‘move' or 'go'.
            Manager Graeme Souness had urged his
            players to go for the kill and that vital breakthrough
            almost came after 14 minutes.
            Efforts to paint the princess's circle as unsuitable
            will increase, as cynical newspapers move
            in for the kill

            killing
            444
            make a killing
            If someone makes a killing, they make a

            large profit very quickly and easily.
            The boss of Britain's top pizza concern made
            a killing on the market yesterday by selling off
            a parcel qf his shares.
            Officials will crack down on speculators who
            try to make a killing on the Stock Exchange by
            exploiting advance knowledge qf poll results.

            kindness
            kill someone with kindness
            If you kill someone with kindness, you
            treat them very kindly even though this is
            not what they need or want.
            ‘He is killing me with kindness,' Sallie says.
            'He's just too attentive.'

            king
            live like a king
            If you say that someone lives like a king,
            you mean that they have a luxurious and
            very comfortable lifestyle.
            Although he lives like a king, he manages it
            without provoking resentment.
            It was no lie. Company executives lived like
            kings. The top thirty-one executives were paid a
            total qf 14.2 million dollars, or an average of
            458,000 dollars.

            kiss

            228

            kingdom
            blow someone to kingdom come
            To blow someone or something to kingdom
            come means to destroy them, especially in a

            very violent way. Verbs such as 'blast' and
            ‘shoot' are sometimes used instead of 'blow'.
            There was tremendous damage in these industrial
            towns down to the South - homes flattened.
            trailers blown to kingdom come.
            No one knows what that guy is doing - or
            what he's gonna do. He could blow 'em all to
            kingdom

            come.

            kiss
            kiss and make up
            If two people or groups have been

            4

            conflict
            with each other and you say that they have
            kissed and made up, you mean that they
            have sorted out their disagreements and endin

            ed their conflict.
            AU parties appeared to have kissed and made
            up arid all were at pains to emphasise that the
            event had been a resounding success despite the
            misunderstandings
            They bicker constantly and publicly but al
            ways manage to kiss and make up.

            kiss-and-tell

            44

            If someone who has had a love affair with a
            famous person tells the story of their affair in
            public, for example in a newspaper or book,
            you can refer to what they say as a kiss-andtell story.
            On many occasions we discussed selling details
            of kiss-and-tell stories.
            It looks unlikely that there will be a kiss and
            tell book.
            If someone tells their story in this way, you
            can say that they kiss and tell. You can also
            refer to their behaviour as kissing and tellIng
            In no circumstances will I kiss and tell
            The girl he picked was a publicity seeking actress
            who kissed and told her friends, who told
            the papers every sordid detail
            Kissing and telling is not ladylike.

            kiss ass
            4
            kiss someone's ass
            If you accuse someone of kissing ass or cf
            kissing a person's ass, you are criticizing

            them in a very rude way for deliberately flattering
            that person in order to gain an advantage
            for themselves. Other words are some
            times used instead of 'ass', for example 'butt'
            in American English and 'arse' in British
            English. These are very informal expressions.
            which many people consider offensive.
            I'm just tired of kissing ass in here. I'm tired
            of talking to these people
            How do you know if the people really like you
            or if they're just kissing your ass?


                evince -p 248 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            Kitchen
            people are not kissing my arse, but just being
            wry friendly
            Q If you say to someone ‘kiss my ass', you
            are telling them rudely that what they are
            suggesting is Foolish and you do not agree or
            it. This is a very' informal
            are unwilling to domany
            people consider offenexpression,
            which

            sive.

            ‘I'm not telling you anything. Why should I?'
            Because I've bought you forty dollars worth of
            beer. ' Kiss my ass. '

            the kiss of death

            44

            If you say that a particular event is the kiss
            of death for something, you mean that it is
            certain to cause that thing to fail or be

            ruined.

            The conventional view of timber extraction is
            that it is the kiss of death for a rainforest
            He loathes the idea of being thought of as
            conventional. That is the kiss of death to him.

            kitchen
            everything but the kitchen sink
            You use expressions such as everything
            but the kitchen sink to say in a lighthearted
            way that there are very many things
            in a place and that many of them are unnecessary.
            They love being surrounded by familiar possessions
            and tend to pack everything but the
            kitchen sink in rather too many suitcases.
            They want 10 per cent qf everything, including
            the kitchen sink, but they are not going to
            get it.

            kite
            fly a kite

            Knees

            229

            4

            If you say that someone is flying a kite.
            you mean that they are suggesting ideas or
            Possibilities in order to see how people react
            to them before deciding whether or not to put
            them into practice. This expression is often
            used to suggest that the ideas that are being
            Put forward are stupid or unrealistic. It is
            used mainly in British English.
            The committee has paid a good deal of attention
            to what might be politically possible. It is
            consciously flying a kite.
            The Government flies these kites of disinformation
            then people feel grateful when they
            don't happen.
            D You can also talk about kite-flying.
            Recent kite-flying exercises outlined in your
            Paper concerning health service cuts should not
            deflect, as they are intended to, the attention of
            the electorate from the underlying problems
            facing the Government.

            kittens
            have kittens
            If someone has kittens, they are extremely
            worried or upset by something. This expression
            is used mainly in British English.
            The boss will have kittens if l don't get that
            dress back inside the hour.
            The Government was having kittens over the
            Maastricht treaty.

            knee
            knee-high to a grasshopper
            If you say that you have done something
            since you were knee-high to a grasshopper.
            you mean that you have done it since you
            were a very young child This is a fairly oldfashioned expression.
            I've lived here since l was knee-high to a
            grasshopper.
            People sometimes change ‘grasshopper' to a
            word or expression that is relevant to the subject
            they are talking about. In the example below.
            the people mentioned were all famous
            songwriters.
            She had met Irving Berlin, Rodgers and

            Hammerstein and the Gershwins when only
            knee-high to a piano stool

            knees
            bring something to its knees: 1

            be on its knees

            444

            If you say that something has brought a
            country or organization to its knees, you are
            emphasizing that it has caused the country or
            organization to be in an extremely weak condition.
            You can also say that the country or
            organization is on its knees.
            Britain was brought to its knees after a wave

            of paralysing strikes.

            Its old protectionist ways stifled initiative and
            brought the economy to its knees.
            The Government was on its knees, the Tory
            party divided.

            bring someone to their knees: 2

            be on your knees
            if you say that something has brought you
            to your knees, you are emphasizing that it
            has made you extremely weak or tired You
            can also say that you are on your knees.
            The sheer weight of other people's great expectations
            brought me almost to my knees.
            Several times this afternoon he had sounded
            as if he were on his knees.
            down on your knees
            on bended knee
            If you say that someone goes down on their
            knees or goes down on bended knee to beg
            for something, you mean that they beg desper


                evince -p 249 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            knell
            ately for it, in a way which makes them look
            foolish.
            He would be looking for mutually advanta
            geous co-operation, not charity. He would not
            be going down on his knees to beg.
            At a time when film makers, especially English
            film-makers, are going on bended knee to
            flinders anywhere. Mike Leigh refuses to compromise
            on the way he makes movies.

            knell
            sound the death knell
            the death knell sounds

            knife

            230

            444

            If you say that something sounds the death
            knell for an activity or organization, you
            mean that it is likely to cause the activity or
            organization to end or fail. This expression
            has many variations. For example, you can
            also say that the death knell sounds for the
            activity or organization.
            The announcement that the mine would close
            in March with the loss of more than 980 jobs
            sounded the death knell for the village.
            There are those who fear that the decision to
            allow women to become priests sounds the
            death knell of the Church of England.
            The death knell of the German Left has not
            yet sounded.
            Ministers believe a 'no' vote would be the
            death knell for plans for a single European
            currency.

            knickers
            get your knickers in a twist
            4
            have your knickers in a twist
            In British English, if you say that someone
            gets their knickers in a twist, you are em
            phasizing that they become extremely upset
            or worried about something. You can also say
            that someone has their knickers in a twist.
            We seem to be getting our knickers in a twist.
            if you don 't mind me saying so.
            The Co-op has its knickers in a twist about

            Sunday trading.
            Let's not get our knickers in a twist until we
            see the outcome of those games.
            O You can use 'knot' instead of 'twist'.
            It was the restrictive system that had reporters'
            knickers in a knot.
            People sometimes change knickers to an
            other word or expression which refers to
            underpants, or to another word or expression
            which has some relevance to the person or
            thing they are talking about.
            The government got its Y-fronts in a fine old
            twist over the Maastricht treaty.
            One of the reasons Hilton Kramer got his
            bow tie in a twist over Sontag was that she
            said she liked the Supremes.

            knife
            like a hot knife through butter
            like a knife through butter
            If you manage to overcome a difficulty

            quickly and without any problems, you can
            say that you cut through it like a hot knife
            through butter or like a knife through butter.
            'Like a knife through butter' is used only
            in British English.
            They will be cutting through the competition
            like a hot knife through butter
            Think about the women who have gone
            through life like a knife through butter, slicing
            through every kind of setback and discouragement.

            on a knife-edge
            walk a knife-edge

            444

            If someone or something is on a knife-edge,
            they are in a situation in which nobody
            knows what is going to happen next. This expression
            is used mainly in British English.
            / thrive on being on a knife-edge of uncertainty
            and excitement every day. not knowing
            whether I'm going to ride a winner or get hurt
            No further incidents have been reported today,
            but this remains a town on the knife-edge

            of conflict
            With recovery poised on a knife edge the
            country needs a leader with vision and stature.
            D You can also say that someone walks a
            knife-edge.
            She walks an emotional knife-edge
            You can also use knife-edge before a noun.
            The government faces a knife-edge vote on its
            plans for the coal industry.

            put the knife in
            stick the knife in
            If someone puts the knife in or sticks the
            knife in, they deliberately do or say things
            which will upset another person or cause
            problems for them.
            It is also an attempt to make those who have
            put the knife in look bad before the world.
            She knows exactly where to stick the knife to
            do the most damage.

            twist the knife
            4
            twist the knife in the wound
            If someone twists the knife or twists the
            knife in the wound, they deliberately do or
            say things which make a situation even worse
            for someone who is already upset or experiencing
                problems. You can replace 'twist' with
            ‘turn'.
            Her daughter manages to twist the knife stiU
            further by claiming Nancy never loved her.
            The paper chose to turn the knife in the
            wound by writing that the story about the alleged
            affair only 'echoed the worries of the


                evince -p 250 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            knight
            queen, the

            knot

            231

            prime minister and the whole gov
            ernment

            You can also talk about a twist of the
            knife.
            It gave them the confidence to make the final
            twist of the knife in England's gut.
            you could cut the atmosphere with a

            knife

            If you say that you could cut the atmosphere
            with a knife, you are complaining that
            the atmosphere in a place is extremely tense
            or unfriendly. You can use 'air', or a word
            such as ‘tension' that refers to an unpleasant

            feeling, instead of ‘atmosphere'.

            There have been some embarrassing silences
            at meal times. You could cut the atmosphere

            with a knife.
            As soon as we entered the church, you could
            cut the air with a knife.
            At secondary school, when the stakes are
            higher, the tension on parents' nights can be
            rut with a knife.

            knight
            a knight in shining armour

            me.
            Richard will have his knife out for me with a
            vengeance from now on.

            knock
            knock someone sideways: 1
            If something knocks you sideways, it
            makes you feel amazed, confused, or very
            upset. This expression is used in British English.
            There is more to Bologna than mouth
            watering meals. What's barely mentioned but
            knocks most visitors sideways is the sheer power
            and beauty of the place
            l was very near to killing myself Something
            like this, a huge shock, completely knocks you
            sideways.

            4

            If a man is kind and brave, and rescues you
            from a difficult situation, you can describe
            him as a knight in shining armour.
            Detective Constable Paul Sexton said: 'It was
            a cowardly attack on a man defending a lady.
            He was like a knight in shining armour '
            I just felt dizzy and then I collapsed. The
            next thing l woke up in intensive care. I am
            very, very grateful to Tom and l always will be
            - he really was my knight in shining armour.
            ‘Armour' is spelled ‘armor' in American
            English.

            knitting
            stick to your knitting
            If someone, especially a company or organization.
            sticks to their knitting, they continue
            to do something that they are experienced at
            and do not try to do something different
            about which they know very little.
            It failed because we did not understand the
            plumbing bustness, and it taught us a lesson
            about sticking to our knitting!
            He stuck to his knitting. He stuck to that
            populist, economic message that worked well
            when he was running against Tsongas.

            knives
            the knives are out

            have the knives out

            ing to cause problems for you. These expres
            sions are used mainly in British English.
            The knives are out for me at the moment.
            With the knives out for Sikorski in various
            quarters, sabotage looked a strong possibility.
            Arendt and Huber had their knives out. and
            they were being encouraged to stick them in

            44

            If you say that the knives are out for you,
            nr that people have their knives out for you,
            you mean that other people are feeling very
            angry or resentful towards you, and are try
            knock something sideways: 2
            If you say that something has been
            knocked sideways, you mean that it has
            been severely damaged, and may not recover.
            This expression is used in British English.
            Most of the country's trade unions have been
            knocked sideways in the past decade.
            Confidence in the British legal system has
            been knocked sideways, hasn ‘t it?

            knot
            a Gordian knot
            cut the Gordian knot

            4

            If you describe a situation or problem as a
            Gordian knot, you mean that it is very complicated
            and difficult to resolve. If someone
            succeeds in resolving it, you can say that they
            cut the Gordian knot. These are literary expressions.

            The federal deficit has become the Gordian
            knot of Washington.
            On Monday one cf the Tories' leading thinkers
            will argue in a pamphlet that the Government
            can cut the Gordian knot by raising the
            pension age.
            44 4
            tie the knot
            If two people tie the knot, they get married.
            This is an informal expression.
            The couple tied the knot last year after a 13year romance.
            It was two years before they actually tied the

            knot.
            Len tied the knot with Kate five years ago


                evince -p 251 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            knots
            knots
            tie someone in knots: 1

            4

            In a discussion or argument, if someone ties
            you in knots, they confuse you by using clever
            arguments, so that you cannot argue or
            think clearly any longer. You can also say
            that they tie you up in knots.
            He could tie her in knots in an argument and
            never once missed an opportunity to prove his
            intellectual superiority.
            He had easily tied her up in knots, cunningly
            casting serious doubt on her mental faculties.

            tie yourself in knots: 2

            4

            If you tie yourself in knots, you make yourself
            confused or anxious, and so you are not
            able to think clearly about things. You can
            also say that you tie yourself up in knots.
            The week after Jordan 's appointment the New
            York Times editorial page tied itself in knots
            trying to find the correct tone with which to
            treat him.
            Catherine is tying herself up in knots with
            worry because nine-year-old Alice has school
            phobia.

            know
            know something inside out
            know something inside and out

            knuckles

            232

            knuckle
            near the knuckle
            If you say that something someone says or
            writes is near the knuckle, you mean that it
            is close to the limits of what people find acceptable,
            for example because it is sexually
            explicit or offensive to particular groups. This
            expression is used in British English.
            Decide for yourself whether stand-up comedian
            Frank Skinner is as near the knuckle
            on TV as in his own live show when he tours
            the UK in October.
            There are important people who fear the public
            will be outraged This kind of material is
            very near the knuckle.
            You can use near-the-knuckle before a

            noun.

            Comic Bernard Manning, who appeared on
            the show and has made a career out of near
            theknuckle routines, said, 'We need all the
            laughter we can get in this world. '
            He was invited to speak at the Police Federation's
            annual get together but told organisers
            he would not attend If the near the knuckle
            comic turned up.

            knuckles
            44

            If you know something or someone inside
            out or know them inside and out, you know
            them extremely well.
            Liam has played for and against some of the
            greatest clubs in Europe and knows the game
            inside out.
            I used to think I knew my daughter inside
            out. and I still find it hard to understand what
            she has done to me.
            He knows the house inside and out, you
            know, having stayed there so often when
            Dolph's aunt and uncle were alive.
            not know whether you are coming or

            going

            If you don't know whether you are comor
            going, you feel very confused and are
            unable to think clearly. This expression is
            used mainly in spoken English.
            We worked 16 hours a day during the Gulf
            war and the Falklands. By the end of the week
            you didn't know whether you were coming or
            ing

            going.

            You wanted to fire him from the minute you
            laid eyes on him. And he knew it. He's not
            dumb. You had him so scared he didn't know
            If he was coming or going.
            The truth is I'm so excited that I hardly
            know whether I'm coming or going.

            rap someone on the knuckles
            rap someone's knuckles
            44
            If someone in authority raps you on the
            knuckles or raps your knuckles, they criticize
            you or blame you for doing something
            they consider to be wrong.
            I was rapped on the knuckles for interfering
            in things that were not my concern
            The report raps teachers over the knuckles for
            not appearing to have any influence over chil
            dren at all.
            The commission said it had asked the state
            prosecutor to look into possible insider trading
            in Michelin shares. It also rapped the firm's
            knuckles for failing to provide the market
            promptly with information.
            D You can also say that you have your
            knuckles rapped, or that you get a rap on
            the knuckles.
            Just two months earlier, the lawyer had had
            his knuckles rapped by a Delaware judge for
            his role in the buyout of a Wisconsin paper
            company.
            Southampton yesterday received a rap on the
            knuckles from the Football Association, which
            fined the club £20,000 for its poor disciplinary
            record last season.
            Some people use the word ‘wrap' instead of
            ‘rap' in this expression, but it is generally
            considered incorrect.

            |


                evince -p 252 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            labour

            land-office

            233

            L
            labour
            a labour of love

            444

            A labour of love is a job or task that you
            do for pleasure or out of duty without expecting
                a large reward or payment for it. Often
            other people may think that the job or task is
            not worth doing or is unpleasant.
            There is no doubt that Agenugba's self
            published debut novel is a labour of love, and
            obviously very close to his heart.
            They concentrated on restoring outbuildings
            such as the Victorian greenhouse, an expensive
            labour of love.
            There are still a few mills left that produce
            stone ground flours and cornmeal as it was
            done in the past. It is a labor of love, and
            through them we may still get a taste of what
            bread was like one or two hundred years ago.
            'Labour' is spelled 'labor' in American Eng
            lish.

            lads
            one of the lads

            4

            If you describe a man as being one of the
            lads, you mean that he is accepted as being
            part of a group of men who behave in ways
            which are considered typically masculine.
            This expression is used in British English.
            Compare one of the boys; see boys.
            He likes being one of the lads, you know, having
            pints down the pub.
            He is immensely popular, truly one of the

            lads

            lady
            it isn't over until the fat lady sings 4
            If you say to someone, for example someone
            who is losing a contest, 'it isn't over until

            _

            the fat lady sings', you are encouraging
            them not to give up hope because nothing is
            certain and there is still time for the situation
            to change.
            Injured jockey Eddery is not conceding defeat.
            'There's still a long way to go and. who knows,
            Michael might fall off and break a leg," he
            joked. ‘As they say, it's not over until the fat
            lady sings. '
            We can do this, we can do it all, it's not too
            late. The catastrophes are coming, but they're
            aot upon us yet. The game, as they say, isn't
            °oer until the fat lady sings, and she hasn't

            started singing yet.

            lam
            on the lam

            4

            If someone is on the lam. they are trying to
            escape or hide from someone, for example the
            police or an enemy. This expression is used
            mainly in American English.
            He has a record of drug trafficking and assault,
            and is currently on the lam, wanted for
            the sale and trafficking of cocaine.
            A Rhode Island banker accused of stealing
            millions has turned himself in after months on
            the lam.

            lamb
            like a lamb
            If you say that someone is like a lamb, you
            they are gentle, quiet, and obedi
            mean that
            ent.

            She'd followed him like a lamb. She hadn't
            asked him why he was taking her to a medical
            research laboratory in a university rather than
            to a normal hospital or clinic.

            lambs
            like lambs to the slaughter
            like sheep to the slaughter

            4

            If you say that people go somewhere like
            lambs to the slaughter or like sheep to the
            slaughter, you mean that they behave quietly
            and obediently without resisting because they
            have not realized that it will be dangerous or
            unpleasant, or because they realize that they
            are powerless.
            The record companies have an easy life. We
            grovel and follow their every word like lambs
            to the slaughter.
            We're just like sheep being led to slaughter.
            We're following right along

            land
            the lay of the land
            the lie of the land

            4

            If you get the lay of the land or get the lie
            of the land, you learn or find out the details
            of a situation or problem.
            I'm not sure what's going to happen. That's
            why I'm coming in early. I want to get the lay
            of the land.
            The book is about looking at the lie of the
            land and making your move.

            land-office
            do a land-office business
            If you say that a business is doing a land

                evince -p 253 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            1

            lane
            office business, you mean that they are very
            successful. This expression is used in oldfashioned American English.
            The Faradiso. one of the capital's newest and
            most luxurious clubs, was doing a land-office
            business.

            lane
            the fast lane
            the slow lane

            in the lap of the gods
            4
            If you say that something is in the lap of
            the gods, you mean that it will be decided or
            affected by luck or chance, rather than any.
            thing you can do.
            Once they had repaired my lung they had to
            stop the operation. The liver is self-healing anyway.
            so at that stage, my life was in the lap of
            the gods.

            444

            If you say that someone lives their life in
            the fast lane, you mean that they live in a
            way which seems hill of activity and excitement
            but which often involves a lot of pressure
            as well.
            Tired of life in the fast lane. Jack, a fifty-ish
            American businessman, decides to give it all up
            to fulfil a dream of becoming a painter
            Offscreen, Cooper moved quickly into the fast

            lane of Hollywood society, keeping company
            with actresses Clara Bow and Lupe Velez.
            You can also use fast lane before a noun.
            He had to quit, and not only did he have to
            quit, but he had to get away from this fast
            lane, high society lifestyle.
            D You can say that someone lives their life in
            the slow lane when their life is quiet and
            boring without any exciting incidents.
            For your own sake, pull over and enjoy traveling
            in the slow lane of life for a while.
            At the age of 31, Gullit, rather than moving
            over into the slow lane, has been having fun
            proving his critics wrong.

            lap
            fall into your lap
            drop into your lap

            larger

            234

            4

            If something good happens to you without
            any effort on your part, you can say that it
            falls into your lap or drops into your lap.
            Best selling US author Terry McMillan has
            revealed in Ebony magazine that she is sometimes
            at a loss about what to with the 'embar
            rassingly' fat cheques that regularly fall in to
            her lap.
            It would not be safe to assume that victory
            wilt drop into our lap at the next election.
            4
            in the lap of luxury
            If you say that someone lives in the lap of
            luxury, you mean that they live in conditions

            of great comfort and wealth.
            We don't live in the lap of luxury, but we're

            comfortable.

            They are heading for retirement and intend
            to spend it in the lap of luxury.
            D You can say that something is the lap of
            luxury when it is very comfortable.
            It seemed like the lap of luxury.

            land in your lap
            be thrown into your lap
            4
            If you are forced to deal with a problem
            which is not really your responsibility, you
            can say that it has landed in your lap or has
            been thrown into your lap. Other verbs are
            sometimes used instead of ‘land' or ‘throw'.
            These problems have landed in the lap of
            Donald Jackson, an unassuming manager with
            little international experience whom Mr

            J

            Degroote picked as his successor.
            The solution of the funding crisis should not
            be thrown into the lap of students.
            Yet few governments, least of all the Americans.
            seem ready to pay the bill for tossing the
            world's problems into the UN's lap.

            large
            large as life
            big as life
            •4
            When you want to say that you have found
            someone in a place, especially a place where
            they are not supposed to be, you can say that
            you found them there large as life or, in
            American English, big as life. You often use
            these expressions to suggest that the person
            should have been embarrassed at being found
            there.
            / called on him one Friday night on some
            pretext or other and there they all were, large
            as life.
            That's what Amos thinks os he walks big as
            life into the diner and takes his time over the

            menu.

            larger
            larger than life
            bigger than life
            If you describe someone as larger than life.
            you mean that they seem more interesting or
            exciting than other people, for example because
            they are very talented, or because they
            behave in an unusual or interesting way. In
            American English, you can also describe them
            as bigger than life
            It is well known that the Earl was larger
            than life and that, through sheer force of per
            sonality. there was a tendency for him to take
            over whenever he entered a room full of people.
            John Huston was a larger-than-life character.


                evince -p 254 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            lark
            whose temperament was as dramatic as any of
            the fictional figures in his own films.
            The music is fast losing its character. Today's
            not have nicknames. With a few
            musicians doRollins,
            Lionel Hampton - they are
            exceptions
            not bigger than life.

            lark
            up with the lark

            If someone is up with the lark, they are up
            very early in the morning. This is an old
            fashioned expression, which is used mainly in
            British English.
            Most bakers are up with the lark, but Neville
            Wilkins is in action hours before the rest.

            last
            stick to your last

            let the cobbler stick to his last
            If you advise someone to stick to their last,
            you mean that they should continue doing
            what they know about and not try to do new
            things, at which they are likely to fail. This
            expression is fairly old-fashioned.
            looking back, I should have stuck to my last
            and gone on to get a research job in one of the
            studios.
            This expression comes from the proverb let
            the cobbler stick to his last A 'last' is a
            foot shaped object which a cobbler uses as a
            model or mould to make shoes the right
            shape and size
            / was afraid they'd think. 'Why can't the cobbler
            stick to his last?'

            lather
            in a lather
            4
            If someone gets in a lather or works them

            selves into a lather, they become very agitat
            ed about something.
            The truth of the matter is that you have spent
            the past six months worrying and working
            yourself up into a lather over situations which
            ore really none of your business.
            Brenda!' she shouted, in a great lather. 'It's

            happened again!"

            laugh
            have the last

            laugh
            444
            If you have the last laugh, you make your
            critics or opponents look foolish or wrong, by
            becoming successful when they said that you
            Would fail.
            Singer Des O'Connor is expecting to have the
            laugh on his critics by soaring to the top
            °f the Christmas hit parade.

            Instead of fading sadly into the background,
            sne has had
            the last laugh, by going out in a

            spectacular blaze of scandal.

            law

            235

            laundry
            a laundry list

            44

            If you have a large number or long list of
            things, you can say that you have a laundry
            list of them. This expression is used mainly
            in American English.
            The president then went through a laundrylist of proposals, some old, some new. which

            make up his agenda for American renewal.
            This document is expected to set out a laun
            dry list of reasons why shareholders should reject
            the bid.

            laurels
            look to your laurels
            If you tell someone to look to their laurels.
            you are telling them to work hard or think seriously
            about what they are doing, in order to
            make sure that they continue to be successful
            and do not start to fail.
            The City of London maintains a dominant
            role, but it must now look to its laurels.
            The establishment of new technology across
            Europe (East as well as West; will force the
            Japanese to look to their laurels.

            not rest on your laurels

            44

            If you say that someone is not resting on
            their laurels, you mean that they do not rely
            on their previous successes and that they carry
            on working hard to make sure that they
            have continued success.
            Earthwatch Europe is not resting on its lau
            rets. As well as reacting to the proposals it re
            ceives from researchers, the organisation is
            also trying to stimulate research in areas it
            considers fruitful.
            He never rested on his laurels. He continually
            evolved artistically because he had such an extremely
            open mind.
            The trouble with all successful restaurants,
            however, is the tendency to rest on their laurels
            and stagnate.

            law
            4
            the law of the jungle
            You use the law of the jungle to describe a
            situation where the normal rules or codes of
            civilized life do not exist, and so, for example.

            power, and aggressiveness have
            more effect than moral codes and legal rights.
            The question for the United Nations Security
            Council was whether to build civilised relations
            between stales, or to live by the law of the jun

            strength,

            gle.

            The streets are subject to the law of the jun
            gle and policing has been entrusted to private
            law enforcement agencies
            44
            a law unto yourself
            If you say that a person or organization is a
            law unto themselves, you mean that they be

                evince -p 255 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            lead
            have in an independent way, ignoring laws,
            rules, or conventional ways of doing things.
            When he goes about his work, he does it well
            but in an unconventional way. He is truly a

            law unto himself.
            Most athletic departments are pretty much a
            law unto themselves - unaccountable in terms
            of where this money goes.
            lay down the law
            44
            If you say that a person in authority lays
            down the law, you mean that they tell people
            very forcefully and firmly what to do.
            They were traditional parents, who believed
            in laying down the law for their children.
            The Prime Minister laid down the law and
            said he would accept no weakening of the bill.
            take the law into your own hands 444
            If you take the law into your own hands,
            you punish someone who you believe has
            done something wrong, even though you have
            no right to, and even if this means that you
            yourself break the law. You do this because
            you consider the person is not being punished
            properly by the usual authorities.
            Ordinary people have apparently decided to
            take the law into their own hands, faced with
            what they see as the inability of law enforcement
            agencies to control a crime wave which
            has created unprecedented feelings of insecurity
            in the region.
            He took the law into his own hands when his
            mother was mugged. He went out and attacked
            the man with a baseball bat.

            lead
            go down like a lead balloon

            a lead balloon

            leaps

            236

            4

            If you say that something went down like a
            lead balloon, you mean that it was completely
            unsuccessful and people did not like it at
            all.
            A senior source said the memo had gone
            down like a lead balloon.
            John Major's tub-thumping speech at the
            Guildhall on Monday night went down in the
            City like a lead balloon.
            D You can refer to something that is unsuccessful
            or unpopular as a lead balloon.
            Truman knew that this cause was a lead balloon
            at the UN.
            ‘Lead' is pronounced with the same vowel
            sound as the word ‘red'.

            put lead in your pencil
            have lead in your pencil
            If someone says that something will put
            lead in a man's pencil, they are suggesting
            humorously that it will improve his sexual
            ability. If they say that he has lead in his
            pencil, they are praising his sexual ability.

            These are informal and old-fashioned expressions,
            which are used in British English.
            Steve worked his mouth around the tobacco
            and spat a brown spot into the snow. ‘Puts
            lead in your pencil. '
            Back then, he'd been blessed with amazing
            stamina and a lot of lead in his pencil.
            'Lead' is pronounced with the same vowel
            sound as the word ‘red'.

            swing the lead
            If you accuse someone of swinging the
            lead, you are accusing them of pretending to
            be ill and not doing something they should be
            doing, such as going to work. This expression
            is used in British English.
            There is no Question of taking money away
            from those who are genuinely sick. It is a question
            of getting the right benefits to the right
            people, and we want to stop anyone swinging
            the lead.
            ‘Lead' is pronounced with the same vowel
            sound as the word ‘red'.

            leaf
            take a leaf out of someone's book

            44

            If you take a leaf out of someone's book or
            take a leaf from their book, you copy them
            and behave or do something in the same way
            as them, usually because they were successful
            when they acted in that way.
            Some experts are now saying that we could
            usefully lake a leaf out of the Americans' book.
            They take into consideration how well a shop
            is trading and fix the rent accordingly. This
            means there is more chance of keeping shops
            open in tough times.
            If he wants a better rapport with the British
            public, it's high time he took a leaf out of
            Frank Bruno's book and started doing the media
            things chat and game shows, even pantomimes.

            -

            New Zealand, taking a leaf from the German
            book, has pulled inflation down from 7.2 per
            cent in 1989 to I per cent last year.

            turn over a new leaf

            44

            If someone has turned over a new leaf.
            they have started to behave in a better or
            more acceptable way than previously. Compare
            turn the page; see page
            While Eddie has turned over a new leaf, his
            31-year-old actor brother can still be spotted in
            the bars along Sunset Strip.
            The military leader said he and the king
            have agreed to turn over a new leaf in their relations
            with one another.

            leaps
            in leaps and bounds
            by leaps and bounds
            If something grows or progresses in

            44
            leap®


                evince -p 256 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            lease
            and bounds or by leaps and bounds, it
            grows or progresses very rapidly. If someone
            improves in leaps and bounds or by leaps
            and bounds, they make rapid progress in
            something they are doing.
            Once your child passes his second birthday.
            speech develops in leaps and bounds and the
            more you talk to him and involve him in what
            you do. the greater his vocabulary becomes.
            The US. population grew by leaps and

            leg

            237

            Refusing to comment, the spokeswoman said.
            7 am on a very short leash on this subject. '

            The government strove to impress the country
            with its calm reasonableness and kept its
            troops on a tight leash
            He has demonstrated time and time again
            that he needs to be kept on a leash.

            strain at the leash

            4

            bounds.

            If you say that someone is straining at the
            leash, you are emphasizing that they are very
            eager to do things.

            bounds this season.

            are straining at the leash, raring to go.

            He's improved as a player in leaps and

            lease
            a new lease of life
            444
            a new lease on life
            If someone or something is given a new
            lease of life or a new lease on life, something
            makes them successful once again or
            improves their condition. Words such as ‘an
            ither', 'fresh', or 'second' are sometimes used

            instead of 'new' The variations with 'of are
            used only in British English; American Eng
            lish always uses 'on' instead.
            The old oak table which is used for family

            breakfasts was another bargain, picked up for
            a new lease of
            life by Kim 's mother.
            After a career as a comedian, he found a new
            lease of life as an actor.

            just £4 and subsequently given

            Although my weight hasn't changed much,
            swimming gave me a new lease on life.
            T shirts and hats can be given a fresh lease
            of life with glass beads.

            leash
            a longer leash
            If someone is given a longer leash, another
            person allows them a lot of freedom to do
            what they want, rather than controlling them
            very strictly.
            At the beginning of the 1992 campaign, Dan
            Quayle was given a longer leash than ever be
            fore.
            If there is any sympathy in Congress for giv
            ing big banks a longer leash, that is only because
            letting them do more and different kinds
            of business is seen as one way of saving taxpayers
            from balling many of them out of their

            current trouble.
            °n a short leash
            °n a tight leash
            4
            If someone is kept on a short leash, anoth
            er person controls them carefully and only al
            *°ws them a small amount of freedom to do
            what they want. You can also say that some
            °ne is kept on a tight leash, or simply that
            they are kept on a leash.

            Most Labour delegates at Blackpool this week
            The players had better realise that we have
            enough youngsters straining at the leash to
            take their places if they don 7 do their jobs

            least
            least said, soonest mended
            If someone says ‘least said, soonest mended',
            they mean that it is a good idea to say
            very little, because you might upset someone
            or make a situation worse if you say too
            much This is an oldfashioned expression,
            which is used in British English.
            'Say nothing It's the only thing they can't
            hold against you. ' ‘Least said, soonest mended
            is what / always say,' nodded another. ‘Especially
            in court.'

            left
            left, right, and centre
            4
            left and right
            You use left, right, and centre or left and
            right to emphasize that something is happen
            ing or being done a great deal 'Left, right,

            and centre' is used in British English and 'left
            and right' is used in American English
            They're all expecting the state to pay out
            money left right and centre.
            The Postal Servwe has been losing customers
            left and right to the alternative mail facilities.
            Predictably, though. Taple is now threatening
            legal action left, right and centre.

            leg
            break a leg
            People say ‘break a leg' to a performer who
            is about to go on stage as a way of wishing
            them good luck.
            Jason sent Phillip a fax from the airport be
            fore Monday's show, with the greeting: 'Break
            a leg and enjoy yourself. ‘
            4
            get your leg over
            If someone gets their leg over, they have
            sex. This is a very informal expression, which
            is used in British English. Many people find it
            offensive.
            They would say things like 'Have you got


                evince -p 257 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            leg
            your leg over yet?' or exclude me from the conversation
            saying it was ‘men's talk'.
            He told me how at least two ministers had. as
            he inelegantly put it. tried unsuccessfully to get
            a leg over.
            You can also refer to a legover
            Be your boyfriend? I can't be bothered to go
            through that caper What I want's a legover,
            hello and goodbye.

            give

            letter

            238

            someone a leg up

            get a leg up
            44
            have a leg up
            If you are given a leg up or get a leg up.
            someone helps you to achieve something and
            become successful, especially by giving you
            an advantage that other people do not have. If
            you have a leg up, you have an advantage.
            The mother seemed to think that her name
            had given her boy a leg up on the competition.
            Two highly favoured ministers. Peter Lloyd
            and Brian Mawhinney, get a teg up the politi
            cal ladder with their appointment as Privy
            Counsellors
            I felt she had some kind of leg up on me
            she had a firmer sense of purpose, a bounder
            step, a more cheerful disposition.

            -

            not have a leg to stand on

            4

            If you say that someone does not have a
            leg to stand on, you are emphasizing that
            they are in a very weak position, for example
            because they are unable to prove a claim or
            statement they have made.
            You'd never win. Our lawyers said you
            wouldn t have a leg to stand on.
            I haven't got a leg to stand on. I had no wit

            nesses.

            pull someone's leg
            4
            If you pull someone's leg, you tease them
            about something, for example by telling them
            something which is not true.
            Is he serious or just pulling our legs?
            She was perpetually having her leg pulled
            over the frequency with which she went to the
            loo

            You can refer to a joke like this as a legpull.

            I never know what to say about this kind of
            painting anyway, still less how to explain its
            virtues to those who consider it a leg pulL

            talk the hind leg off a donkey
            If you say that someone can talk the hind
            leg off a donkey, you are emphasizing that
            they are very talkative. This expression is
            used in British English.
            He could talk the hind leg off a donkey. It
            took real perseverance to get through to him on
            the telephone.

            legs
            have legs
            If you say that an idea, plan, or story has
            legs, you consider that it is likely to work or
            be true. This expression is used mainly in
            American English.
            Mr Blucher was confident that his concept
            had legs, so he persisted and pressed Mr Cooper
            for a meeting.
            In this instance the story might not have legs.
            But all media outlets would have been remiss if
            they had not followed the story through

            on your last legs
            If you say that something or someone is on
            their last legs, you mean that they are no
            longer as useful, successful, or strong as they
            were and are about to fail altogether.
            The long, heavy, dark blue, striped towelling
            dressing-gown I've worn for years is on its last
            legs

            By the mid 1980s. the copper industry in the
            US was on its last legs.

            leopard
            a leopard does not change its spots

            4

            If you say that a leopard does not change
            its spots or a leopard cannot change its
            spots, you mean that it is not possible for
            someone bad or unpleasant to change and become
            good and pleasant This expression is
            used mainly in British English
            Women who believe they have tamed a 'wild'
            man and announce their achievement to the
            world will always end up being publicly humiliated
            The clicM that leopards don t change
            their spots still happens to be true
            It only goes to show how this racist leopard
            has in no way changed his spots

            letter
            a dead letter

            4

            If you say that a law or agreement is a dead
            letter, you mean that people do not pay any
            attention to it, although it still exists
            In this conflict, international humanitarian
            law is a dead letter. Unacceptable practices are
            going

            on

            This treaty would be a dead letter in Britain.
            due to the opt-out clauses.
            44
            the letter of the law
            If you say that someone keeps to the letter
            of the law, you mean that they act according
            to what is actually written in the law. rather

            than according to the moral principles on
            which it is based You usually use this ex
            pression to show disapproval.
            The Home Office stuck to the letter of the law
            over the definition of dependants.


                evince -p 258 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            level
            Michael Brower says such transactions violate
            the spirit, if not the letter, of the law.
            to the letter

            44

            If you follow instructions, rules, or advice to
            the letter, you carry them out exactly in
            every detail.
            Be very careful with this stiff, it can be dangerous
            if it isn't handled properly so follow the
            instructions to the letter.
            Even if that international agreement Is followed
            to the letter, the ozone layer won't recover
            fully until the year 2060.

            level
            on the level

            4

            Someone who is on the level is honest and
            truthfld. Something that is on the level is
            true or honest.
            Wait a minute, is this guy on the level or not?
            / can offer you something better than this,
            TYish. And all on the level.

            licence
            a licence to print money

            4

            If you describe a commercial activity as a
            licence to print money, you disapprove of
            the fact that it allows people to get a lot of
            money with little effort or responsibility. This
            expression is used mainly in British English.
            The Edinburgh Festival is something of a licence
            to print money for those renting their
            homes to groups of performers.
            Under this Government the privatised utilities
            have become a licence to print money at the ex
            pense of the consumer.
            But is owning a sporting goods store a license
            to print money?
            The noun ‘licence' is spelled ‘license' in
            American English.

            lid
            blow the lid off

            lie

            239

            4

            To blow the lid off a difficult or dangerous
            situation or problem means to reveal its true
            nature which has previously been hidden.

            This expression is used mainly in journalism.

            The Knowledge' is a new documentary series
            blowing the lid off music business scandals.
            You'll be terribly disappointed, however, if
            you think that Altman blows the lid
            off Hollywood.

            kÿep the lid on something
            Put the lid on something
            444
            To keep the lid on or put the lid on a particular
            situation or problem means to keep its
            bTJe nature hidden, or to control it and stop it
            doming worse.
            But I understand that Murray was desperatey frying to keep the lid on a potential scandal

            The question is whether Walesa can provide
            the goods in keeping the lid on a population
            which has still got to face very severe economic

            cutbacks.
            We want the public to assist us in putting a
            lid on crime.

            put the tin lid on something
            You say that something puts the tin lid on
            a bad situation when it is a final unpleasant
            event in a series. This is an old-fashioned expression
            used in British English.
            Next day, to put the tin lid on things, a hospital
            appointment letter for Jane was forwarded
            from the clinic.

            take the lid off
            4
            lift the lid ofT
            To take the lid off or lift the lid off a
            situation or problem means to reveal its true
            nature which has previously been hidden.
            These expressions are used mainly in journalism.
            His most recent novel. Brightness Falls, uikes
            the lid off Manhattan in the dizzy days before
            Wall Street's Black Monday in 1987
            People often do feel worst initially, because
            therapy is taking the lid off problems
            He lifts the lid off Crystal Palace football
            club with a number startling revelations

            if

            lie
            live a lie
            a living lie
            If someone is living a

            44

            lie, they

            are living in

            a way which they feel to be dishonest and
            false, for example because they are doing
            something which no longer seems meaningful
            to them.
            But now Jackie, who had been so open with
            her husband, began to keep a large part of her
            life a secret from him. She started to live a lie.
            My mother never told my father the truth
            about me. We've been living a lie all this time.
            and now she has taken me from him.
            You can also talk about a living lie.
            Juan Carlos is wide-eyed, as if realizing this
            ceremony was like his whole life now. a living
            he

            nail a lie
            If you nail a lie. you show that it is definitely
            not true. This expression is used in
            British English, especially in journalism.
            Top designer Calvin Klein is one of those
            helping to finally nail the lie that young is
            best. He has just appointed 40-year-old Lisa
            Taylor as his new top model.

            a white lie

            4

            If you tell a white lie, you say something
            which is untrue, often in order to protect


                evince -p 259 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            life
            someone or to avoid hurting someone's feelings.

            The issue here for me was whether doctors
            are justified in telling these little white lies in
            order to benefit the patient.
            He was not adept at telling white lies.
            'Gretchen has come down with a touch cf the
            flu, ' he had explained to Mrs. Keely.
            I believe that this is a case where a little
            white lie is really more appropriate than the
            truth.

            life
            can't do something to save your life
            If you say that you can't do something to

            save your life, you are emphasizing that you
            cannot do it at all. This expression is used

            mainly in spoken English.
            I'm never nervous at exams but I can't study
            to save my life.
            He can ‘t sing to save his life but he is a good
            guitarist.

            fight for your life

            a fight for life

            444

            If someone is very seriously ill or injured
            and they are in danger of dying, you can say
            that they are fighting for their life. You can
            also say that an organization or country is
            fighting for its life when it is in danger of
            failing or being defeated.
            A boy aged 15 was fighting for his life last
            night but two younger children were said to be
            out of danger
            A toddler ts fighting for life after being run
            over by a boy who was playing in his father's

            car.
            An ancient Scottish university institution is
            fighting for its

            life

            240

            life.

            You can also talk about a fight for life.
            Mary won a desperate fight for life but was
            left paralysed from the waist down.
            O If a politician is in serious difficulty and it
            seems likely that their career may end, journalists
            sometimes say that they are fighting
            for their political life.
            Mr Major had hoped to spend this week celebrating
            his election victory but now he is
            fighting for his political

            life.
            frighten the life out of someone
            scare the life out of someone
            4
            If you say that someone or something

            frightens the life out of you or scares the
            life out of you, you are emphasizing that
            they frighten you a great deal.
            Their only chance was to run alongside when
            the train was moving, throw their gear on and
            jump on when they could. It used to frighten
            the life out of me because so many of them fell
            and just missed going under the wheels.
            Further tests revealed that three cf my veins

            had furred up and / needed triple bypass surgery.
            It scared the life out of me.

            get a life
            4
            You tell someone to get a life to express
            scorn, criticism, or ridicule of them, for example
            because they never do anything interesting,
            or because they are being unrealistic and
            stupid, or because you want them to go away.
            It seems that young people in Cheltenham
            would rather wallow in their pints than try
            and make their lives a touch more exciting.
            Wake up, Cheltenham, and get a life.
            It was six o'clock in the evening. I was still
            in my pajamas. Nichole looked at me. said she
            thought I was deteriorating, and suggested l
            get a life.
            This is silly, you've pursued this much too
            long. Get a life, Joan.

            the life and soul of the party
            the life of the party
            44
            If you refer to someone as the life and soul
            of the party, you mean that they are very
            lively and entertaining on social occasions,
            and are good at mixing with people. You can
            replace 'party' with other nouns. This form of
            the expression is used in British English, in
            American English, the form is the life of the
            party.
            She was having a very enjoyable time and
            was clearly the life and soul of the party.
            He gives the impression of having been the
            life and soul of the campus.
            Murray's abilities to turn a wallflower into
            the life of the party began with himself A tall
            and gawky teenager. Murray said he gained
            confidence after he learned to dance.

            life is a bowl of cherries
            If someone says 'life is a bowl of cherries',
            they are saying that they think life is full of
            pleasure and enjoyment. This expression is often
            used negatively to comment on an unpleasant
            or difficult situation.
            ‘He had an impish sense of fun and so much
            zest,' says one admirer To him, life was a

            bowl of cherries. '

            Life's not exactly a bowl of cherries when
            you're an international champ.
            live the life of Riley
            If you say that someone is living the life of
            Riley, you mean that they are having a very
            enjoyable time because they have no worries
            about money or work. This expression is
            sometimes used to show disapproval or envy.
            He was living the life of Riley, enjoying holidays
            in Italy, weekend breaks in mid-Wales
            and trips to the theatre, while we had barely
            enough to eat.
            It was like paradise It was just like, you
            know, living the

            life of Riley

            J


                evince -p 260 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            light
            put your life in someone's hands
            your life is in someone's hands

            If you put your life in someone's hands,
            you put yourself in a situation where they

            have complete control over what happens to
            you. You can also say that your life is in
            their hands or that they hold your life in

            their hands
            After all these years, do you take me for a
            makes you think I would put my
            fool? What
            life in your hands?
            The realization that another woman's

            life

            may he in my hands is a frightening and humbling
            one.
            You feel a responsibility to people because
            sometimes you're holding their life in your

            hands

            risk life and limb

            4

            If someone risks life and limb, they do
            something very dangerous that may cause
            them to die or be seriously injured.
            He is not prepared to risk life and limb on
            this dangerous track to clinch the title.
            Hang gliding no longer deserves its reputa
            lion as a sport for reckless idiots who get a
            thrill risking life and limb by leaping off cliffs
            and mountains.

            take your life in your hands

            4

            If you take your life in your hands when
            you do something, you take a lot of risks
            when you do it.
            Nationalised industries are set to be sold off
            solely for the benefit of the Prime Minister and
            his close cronies, and anyone who opposes this
            is taking his or her life in their hands if they
            dare speak up.
            A rider who does not know the road takes his
            life in his hands by cycling in the dark.

            light
            give the green light
            444
            If a plan or action is given the green light
            or is given a green light, someone in author
            ity says that it can be carried out. Verbs such
            as 'get' and 'receive' are sometimes used instead
            of 'give'.
            Despite local planning opposition he has
            finally been given the green light to develop a
            terrace of 11 derelict houses he owns in South

            Kensington.
            I've got a bunch more songs, and if I can get
            the green light from the powers that be. I'd like
            to go straight back in and record some more.
            Is that a green light for interest-rate cuts or a
            red one?

            •n the cold

            light of day
            <
            If you think about a problem, feeling, or
            event in the cold light of day, you think
            about it some time later and in a calmer or

            L:

            light

            241

            time it happened. Words such as dawn' and
            'morning' are sometimes used instead of ‘day'.
            He has to sit down in the cold light of day
            and analyse what needs to be done to prevent
            the club from being relegated

            Because these things are said at a moment of
            heightened passion, we feel self-conscious about
            them in the cold light of calm reflection.

            a leading light

            444

            If you say that someone is a leading light
            of an organization or campaign, you mean
            that they are considered to he one of the most
            important, active, and successful people in it.
            This expression is used mainly in British
            English.
            He is a leading light in the just launched
            campaign to lid football of racism
            She was the leading light of all the nuclear

            protests in the area She was a skilled cam
            paigner, veteran of many a confrontation with
            the law.

            light as a feather
            4
            You can say that someone or something is
            as light as a feather to emphasize that they
            weigh very little.
            'Put me down,' l said. 'I'm loo heavy.' ‘Light
            as a feather, ' he retorted, ignoring my request
            It was a monstrous machine as large as the
            Albert Hall and as light as a feather.

            the light at the end of the tunnel 444
            If you refer to the light at the end of the
            tunnel, you are referring to something which
            gives you hope about the future and for the
            end of a difficult or unpleasant situation.
            After horrific times we are seeing light at the
            end of the tunnel.
            People feel hopeless. They don't see any light
            at the end of the tunnel.
            Suddenly there seemed to be light at the end
            of the recessionary tunnel.
            4
            light dawns
            If you say that light dawns on someone.
            you mean that they suddenly realize or understand
            something that they should have real
            ized or understood before.
            ‘Oh!' she said, as if the light had finally
            dawned on her. 'I'm on the wrong floor, huh?'
            'You know her last name?' 'Ramsey Mona
            Ramsey.' The light dawned Bobbi giggled at
            her own stupidity. ‘Oh, gee, ' she said. 'We nev
            er call her that!'

            out like a light
            If someone is out like a light, they are very
            deeply asleep If someone goes out like a
            light, they fall asleep very quickly.
            Dad gently closed the door again. ‘She's out
            like a light. ' l heard him whisper to my anxious
            mother


                evince -p 261 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            lightning
            When I had got him into the cab
            cle, he went out like a light.

            see the light

            of my vehi
            444

            If someone sees the light, they come to
            understand or agree with something, especially
            after a long period when they have not
            understood or agreed with it. This expression
            is sometimes used about people who suddenly
            start believing in God.
            'People these days realise that they don't have
            to put up with discrimination. ' says Jill
            Chesworth. But male bosses have been slow to

            see the light.
            Christianity taught him values which the
            West preached hut largely ignored in practice.
            But he had seen the light and urged every one
            to share it with him.

            see the light of day:1
            see the light

            lily

            242

            44

            If you say that something sees the light of
            day, you mean that it becomes known by or
            available to a large number of people. You often
            use this expression to suggest that difficulties
            have to be overcome before this can
            happen.
            This book might never have seen the light of
            day without the enthusiasm, support, and
            friendship of my editor, Daniel Bial.
            It's highly unlikely that any of this proof will
            ever see the light of day.
            O You can also say that something sees the
            light.
            All this may change with the news that
            Christopher Isherwood's diaries are now at last
            to see the light.
            Mr Genscher's 'idea', it emerges, first saw the
            light and met with British approval at a meet
            ing of the West European Union.

            see the light of day: 2
            People sometimes use see the light of day
            as a way of saying that someone is born.
            The population in Africa is growing faster

            than anywhere else in the world, which means
            that tens of millions of new souls are seeing the
            light of day there each year.

            Keith Curie reckons there's no reason why
            cant repeat itself. Curie says 'Why
            shouldn't lightning strike twice?'
            Then, several years later, lightning struck
            again. Her other son Stephen died suddenly at
            the age of 13.
            4
            a lightning rod for something
            If you say that someone is a Lightning rod
            for something such as public anger or criticism,
                you mean that they are the person who
            is naturally blamed or criticized by people, although
            there are other people who are respon
            sible. This expression is used mainly in
            American English.
            Writer-director Spike Lee is a lightning rod
            history

            for controversy.

            His proposal contains no new money for education.
            and it's made the governor a lightning
            rod for parents' pent up frustration.
            He told the Palermo court he was an innocent
            lightning rod for Italy's many crime problems.
            like lightning
            like greased lightning
            4
            You can use like lightning or like greased
            lightning to emphasize that something moves
            extremely quickly or happens very suddenly

            and unexpectedly.
            I ran across that room like lightning and
            pushed back the curtain.
            By comparison with the budget turmoils of
            the past few years. Washington has moved like
            greased lightning.
            The idea struck like lightning.

            lights
            the lights are on but nobody is at
            home
            If you say of someone that the lights are
            on but nobody is at home, you think that although
            they seem to be normal or satisfactory.
            they are in fact very stupid or useless.
            According to Mark Harrington, many projects
            are insufficiently co-ordinated or thought
            through: 'You get the feeling that the lights are
            on but no one's at home '

            lightning

            lily

            lightning does not strike twice
            4
            You say that lightning does not strike
            twice when you want to say that someone
            who has been exceptionally lucky or unlucky
            is unlikely to have the same good or bad luck
            again. You can also say that lightning
            strikes twice or that lightning strikes
            again when someone actually does have the
            same good or bad luck again.
            Observers reckon he will be very lucky to repeat
            the performance. Lightning rarely strikes
            in the same place twice, particularly in big

            gild the lily
            If you say that someone is gilding the lily.
            you mean that they are trying to improve
            something which is already very good, and so

            business.

            what they are doing is unnecessary.
            Here in Europe I'm gilding the lily There
            they really need advice
            If Kate picked up higher than average claims.
            the Tax Office would knock on the door and
            audit 10 per cent of the tax agent's practice.
            Then if enough clients blamed the agent for
            ‘gilding the lily', the agent could lose his or her
            licence.


                evince -p 262 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            limb

            along the line
            down the line

            limb
            out on a limb
            on a limb

            444

            If you go out on a limb, you do something
            risky or extreme, which puts you in a posi
            tion of weakness. If you are left out on a
            limb or are on a limb, you are left in a position
            of weakness without any help or support.
            It seems to me that you fear change and
            would prefer to stay in your present situation
            even though it seems to be tiresome, rather
            than go out on a limb and try something completely
            new.
            bio company wants to be the first to put its
            rates up The companies who have tried have
            found themselves out on a limb
            She felt on a limb at the ministry and quit
            the government in October 1990.

            tear someone limb from limb
            If someone threatens to tear you limb from

            limb, they are extremely angry with you and
            threaten you with violence.
            Police were lucky they found him before I did
            because they would have been arresting me 1
            would have torn him limb from limb

            limits
            444
            off limits
            If an area is off limits to someone, they are
            not allowed to go there. If a thing is off limits
            to someone, they are not allowed to use it
            or do It.
            The area was kept off limits to foreign journalists
            until early this year.
            The ideal is to have one room that's offlimits for the kids.

            Many of the biggest and most desirable trees
            in those forests would soon be off limits to the
            timber industry.

            line
            all the way down the line
            all along the line

            4

            If you say that something happens all the
            way down the line, you mean that it hap
            pens at every stage of a situation or activity,
            or that it includes all the people or things involved
            in a situation or activity. This expression
            has several variations. For example, you
            can also say that something happens right
            down the line or all along the line. Compare
            down the line.
            It is the British government that has fought
            for reform all the way down the line.
            Republicans differed right down the line on
            tvhat the proper responses were.
            The survey shows support for the President's
            ttecision all along the line, including a willing
            ness to commit American

            line

            243

            troops into battle

            444

            If something happens somewhere along the

            line or down the line, it happens during the
            course of a situation or activity, often at a

            point that cannot be exactly identified Compare
            down the line.
            And then somewhere along the line l looked
            at what was really happening.
            Admittedly every parent makes mistakes
            along the line.
            They feel that something was wrong some
            where down the line.
            444
            the bottom line
            In a discussion or argument, if you describe
            one particular point as the bottom line, you
            mean that it is the most important and fundamental
            part of what you are discussing.
            The bottom line is that the great majority of
            our kids are physically unfit.

            At times there is some fairly intense anger between
            us. But the bottom line is he's a real nice
            guy; he's sensitive and I don't want to hurt
            him

            You can use bottom-line before a noun.
            This is a cracking good story, and that is the
            bottom line criterion for any novel

            cross the line

            44

            If you say that someone has crossed the
            line, you mean that they have started behaving
            in an unacceptable way, for example by
            getting involved in something extreme or
            anti social.
            Congress and the public were not informed
            about the decision to cross the line from defense
            to preparation for war.
            The show's pretty outrageous, but I don't
            think it crosses the line.
            44
            down the line: 1
            You can talk about something happening
            further down the line when it happens at a
            later date You can talk about something hap

            pening a long way down the line when it
            happens at a much later date. Compare all
            the way down the line and along the line
            Whether that happens further down the line
            we cannot say.
            He thought the resumption of military cooperation
            was still, as he pul it. a long way

            down the line

            down the line: 2

            4

            If you talk about something happening a
            particular number of years or months down
            the line, you are talking about its happening
            after that amount of time. Down the road
            means the same
            About five to six months down the line l got
            a call from Steve saying he had something for
            me to work on.


                evince -p 263 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            line
            So 25 years down the line, you look back and
            there's a sense that it was all better back then.
            Two years down the line things have
            changed.
            4
            draw a line under something
            If you say that something draws a line under
            a bad situation which has now ended,
            you mean that it enables the situation to be
            considered as over, so that people can start
            again or continue with things more produc
            tively.
            He said the document draws a line under the
            painful chapters of our past and clears the way
            for a new beginning.
            Let's deal with these proposals so we can
            draw the line under the directives and go forward
            to the next phase.

            draw the line

            444

            If you talk about knowing where to draw
            the line, you are talking about knowing at
            what point an activity or situation stops being
            reasonable and starts to be unacceptable.
            It is difficult for charities to know where to
            draw the tine between acceptable and unacceptable
            sources of finance.
            Where do you draw the line about who the
            press can and cant investigate? Can they still
            be allowed to say things about pop stars?
            If you say that you would draw the line at
            a particular activity, you mean that you
            would not do it, because you disapprove of it
            or because it is so extreme.
            I'll do virtually anything - although I think
            I'd draw the line at running naked across the
            set'
            I have to draw the line somewhere. I refuse to
            go in for spiritualism.

            a fine line
            a thin line
            a narrow line

            444

            If you say that there is a fine line between
            two different activities or situations, you
            mean that there is, in fact, a point at which it
            is difficult to distinguish between them. You
            often say this when one activity or situation
            is acceptable, and the other is not. You can
            also talk about a thin line or a narrow line.
            There is a fine line between being nicely
            looked after and being fussed over too much
            so don't overdo it.
            A new exhibition explores the fine line between
            genius and insanity.
            There is a thin line between being a good
            player and being one of the best.
            It is a very narrow line between being overintrusive and offering enough care and hospi
            -

            tality.

            If you say that someone is walking or
            a fine line between two activities or
            situations, you mean that their behaviour is
            Q

            treading

            line

            244

            acceptable, but that they are very close to the
            point at which it would become unacceptable.
            You can also talk about walking a thin line
            or a narrow line.
            At present we are walking a very fine line between
            getting away with it and having a very
            serious incident.
            He has made his fortune treading the thin
            line between art and pom.

            get a line on

            someone

            4
            have a line on someone
            If you get a line on someone or something,
            you get some information about them. If you
            have a line on someone or something, you
            have some information about them. These ex
            pressions are used mainly in American Eng
            lish.
            We've been trying to get a line on you. and
            the more we try, the less we find.
            I really don't have a line on what's going to
            happen yet.

            in the firing line
            out of the firing line

            444

            If you are in the firing line, you are in a
            position where you are likely to be criticized
            or attacked. In the line of fire means the

            same.
            Governor-designate Eddie George is in the firing
            line of the committee's criticisms.
            Even if your child seems to be very easygoing.
            there comes a time in his life when he
            begins to test the influence he has over others
            and. as parents, you are first in the firing line.
            If you are taken out of the firing line, you
            are removed from a position where you are
            likely to be criticized or attacked.
            He was a caring man, concerned for his client.
            He wanted her to first leave home, to get
            her out of the firing line before applying for

            any court orders.
            In the firing line is often used literally to
            talk about the fact that someone is in the way
            of people who are firing guns, and therefore
            likely to be shot

            in the front line
            on the front line

            44

            If someone is in the front line or on the
            front line, they have a very important part to
            play in achieving or defending something.
            Those in the front line of the British economy
            are united in believing that Britain must remain
            a full playing member of the EU.
            Local authorities of course are in the frontline
            of providing help, but they're starved of resources
            due to the government's policy.
            Record retailers are on the front line and if
            they don t feel comfortable selling our product.
            then we're in big trouble.


                evince -p 264 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            line
            in the line of fire
            If you are in the line of fire, you are in a
            position where you are likely to be criticized
            or attacked In the firing line means the

            same.

            All very well to say that, when you're not in
            the line of fire like me.
            This expression has several variations. For
            example, you can talk about removing someone
            from the line of fire.
            Yeltsin look steps last week to remove them

            from the line of fire.
            In the line of fire is often used literally to
            talk about the fact that someone is in the way
            of people who are firing guns, and therefore
            likely to be shot.

            not your line of country
            If you say that something is not your line
            of country, you mean that it is not a subject
            that you know a great deal about, or one in
            which you are very interested. This is a fairly
            old fashioned expression, which is used in
            British English.
            I am rather ignorant on this matter it is
            not c/uite my line of country.
            At first sight. Buchan is straying out of his
            usual line of country.

            -

            on line

            line

            245

            44

            If a plan or a project comes on line, it begins
            to operate fully. If it is on line, it is op
            erating fully. This expression is used mainly
            in American English; the usual British expression
            is on stream.
            Boeing officials say the charter plane was the
            first 767 to be lost since the popular model
            came on line in 1982.
            The Bulgarian Government, faced with a major
            energy crisis, is eagerly waiting for another
            reactor to go on line.
            We expect to be on line as export numbers
            build up with a capacity to produce lens of
            thousands of tonnes of feed.

            out of line
            way out of line
            If you tell someone that

            they are out of line
            or way out of line, you mean that they are
            completely wrong to say or do a particular

            thing These expressions are used mainly in
            American English. Compare step out

            spoken

            of line.

            Addressing a fellow officer like that is out of
            line, and 1 won't stand for it, hear me?
            Do you think that / would be out of line to be
            Pondering whether you were really gonna be a

            fair judge to me?
            It was clear to all concerned that Cross was
            Vay out of line.

            put something on the line: 1
            lay something on the line
            be on the line
            444
            If you put or lay something such as your
            reputation or your job on the line, you do
            something which causes you to risk losing it.
            He had pul his career on the line and I
            wasn't prepared to allow what he had done to
            be diminished in significance.
            Don't put our friendship on the line like this.
            Martin.
            Rob Reiner, the director, laid his reputation
            on the line when he cast her in the film. But he
            had no doubts about her right to the part.
            You can say that you put yourself on the
            line or lay yourself on the line when you
            risk something such as your reputation or
            your job.
            Ferguson has to take the responsibility for
            everything, and in that sense, he did put him
            self on the line.
            They admit they are laying themselves on the
            ant
            You can also say that something such as
            your reputation or your job is on the line
            Using a small, one-man business can also be
            a good idea. You are likely to get more care
            and attention because his reputation is on the
            line.

            put something on the line: 2
            lay it on the line
            4
            If someone puts or lays their heart or their
            emotions on the line, they speak truthfully
            and directly about their feelings. You can also
            say that someone puts or lays himself or herself
            on the line.
            You have to put your emotions on the line
            with love, but he cannot do this.
            There's incredible vulnerability in U. He's really
            laying himself on the line.
            G If someone lays or puts it on the line,
            they say what needs to be said truthfully and
            directly. If someone lays or puts everything
            on the line, they say everything that needs to
            be said, without leaving anything out.
            He said he was shattered at what he had to
            tell me and it shouldn't have happened to me.
            Then he laid it on the line and said without
            treatment I had only three months to live.
            Mr. Dambar had planned to march straight
            over to the trailer and lay everything on the
            line.

            put your neck on the line
            put your ass on the line
            4
            If you put your neck on the line, you do
            something although it is risky and you may
            lose your reputation or money as a result
            You can also say that your neck is on the
            line.
            Gere put his neck on the line to make


                evince -p 265 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            line
            Sommersby. It was a gamble, both in terms of
            would fans accept the
            his public image
            American gigolo as a husband and a father in
            a costume drama - and his wallet, as he served
            as one of the film's executive producers.
            Our necks are on the line, but we don't care.
            In informal American English, you can say

            -

            that someone puts their ass on the line.
            Many people consider this form of the expression
            offensive.
            I appreciate your putting your ass on the
            line.

            shoot a line
            You say that someone is shooting a line
            when you think that what they are saying is
            exaggerated, untrue, or difficult to believe.
            This expression is used in British English.
            He'd been looking for new blood for his office
            in Vienna. That was the line he shot, though
            knowing him as I did I'm sure he had a more
            personal, ulterior motive.

            sign on the dotted line
            <4
            sign on the line
            If you sign on the dotted line, you formally
            agree to something by signing an official
            document. This expression is often used to
            mean simply that you make a firm commitment
            about something.
            Once you sign on the dotted line you are committed
            to that property
            I wanted to be on the sqfe side before I signed
            on the dotted line.
            D You can also say that someone signs on
            the line.
            He signed on the line and can only blame

            himself.

            O If you say that someone's name is needed
            on the dotted line or on the line, you mean
            that you want them to formally agree to
            something by signing an official document.
            He went to see Malcolm's widow, Betty, too;
            he needed her name on the dotted line.

            step out of line
            444
            If someone steps out of line, they do something
            that they should not do or they behave
            in an unacceptable way. Other verbs such as
            'get' can be used instead of ‘step'. Compare
            out of line.
            The government should empower the Police
            Services Commission to be tougher with officers
            who step out of line.
            Values and traditions were accepted and
            agreed by everyone. If you stepped out of line,
            you knew what to expect.
            Very few people dared to step out of line you never knew who was watching.
            Boy. if you get out of line you're in trouble.

            toe the line

            lines

            246

            444

            If you refuse to toe the line, you refuse to

            behave in the way that people in authority ex
            pect you to behave. If you toe the line, you
            behave in the way they expect.
            The new legislation could force them out of
            business if they don't toe the line.
            Journalists who refuse to toe the line will
            have to be sacked.
            You often use a word before ‘line' to indicate
            who the people in authority are.
            He was sacked for not toeing the Party line.
            During the early 1980s he toed the Government
            line with unseemly vigour in an attempt
            to regain favour.
            Some people use the verb 'tow' instead of
            ‘toe' in this expression, but it is generally
            considered incorrect.

            lines
            on the right lines
            along the right lines
            4
            If someone is on the right lines or is proceeding
            along the right lines, they are behaving
            in a way which is likely to result in
            success. This expression is used in British
            English. On the right track means the same.
            Sometimes all you really require is just a
            friendly voice to tell you that you are on the
            right tines.
            We are. it seems, proceeding along roughly
            the right lines with government action encouraging
            more efficient engines, while keeping an
            eye on developing alternatives
            O You can also use this expression to suggest
            that someone is almost, but not completely.
            managing to achieve the required result.
            The treatment offered so far has been along
            the right lines, but not successful in curing die
            condition completely.

            read between the lines

            444

            If you read between the lines, you understand
            what someone really means, or what is
            really happening in a situation, even though
            it is not stated openly.
            If one reads between the lines of their public

            statements, one is left with the impression that
            they're just pretending to investigate and that
            the decision to go ahead with mining has already
            been made.
            He was reluctant to go into details, but reading
            between the lines it appears that the Bank
            of England has vetoed any idea of a merger be
            tween British banks.

            You can also talk about the message between
            the lines.
            He didn't give a reason, but l sensed something
            between the lines.
            Mr Major's speech seemed hostile to the idea
            of a single currency. Yet, between the lines,
            there was much to suggest that he is not
            against it for ever.


                evince -p 266 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            link

            cusers. looked

            link
            a weak link
            a weak link in the chain

            444

            If you describe someone or something as a
            weak link or a weak link in the chain, you
            mean that they are an unreliable part of a
            system, and because of them the whole system
            may fail
            It was automatically assumed that Edward
            would be the weak link in the partnership.
            The federally appointed auditors may have
            identified a weak link in the chain of rules governing
            bookkeeping by

            thrifts.

            People sometimes say that a system is only
            as strong as its weakest link.
            A rail system is only as strong as its weakest
            link, as any commuter trapped behind a
            broken-down train can testify.

            fight like a lion
            If you say that someone tights like a lion,
            you are emphasizing that they fight bravely.
            Verbs such as ‘battle' and ‘defend' are sometimes
            used instead of ‘fight'.
            She would have fought like a lion to protect
            her son.
            To win, Scotland must score goals. To draw.
            they must defend like lions.

            the lion's share

            444

            If you get the lion's share of something,
            you get the largest part of it, leaving very little
            for others.
            Not the least qf the government's hopes for
            the coming competition is that Chinese athletes
            win the lion 's share of the medals.
            While Gladys absorbed the lion's share of
            their mother's attention, Mary and her two
            younger brothers revelled in unconditional free
            dom.

            Defence has taken the lion's share of this

            budget.
            put your head into the lion's mouth
            If you put your head into the lion's
            mouth, you deliberately place yourself in a
            dangerous or difficult situation. Walk into
            the lion's den means the same.
            Put your head in the lion's mouth and just
            say T don't know what the hell is going on. '
            year's

            walk into the lion's den
            the lion's den

            them in the eye. and fought
            back.
            The talking is finally over for Prime Minister
            John Major At exactly 8.30 this morning he
            steps into the political lions' den to face the
            men who want to turn Europe into a super
            state run by the Brussels bureaucrats.
            O People also say that they feel like Daniel
            in the lion's den when they are in a dangerous
            or difficult situation and feel very alone
            and nervous. This expression comes from a
            story in the Bible.
            When I first went in the hostility from some
            sections of the newsroom was palpable. 1 felt
            rather like Daniel in the lion's den. Some people
            were really nice and really supportive But
            a lot af the men were very hostile towards me
            as an openly gay man.

            lions

            lion

            Daniel in

            Up

            247

            44

            If you walk into the lion's den. you deliberately
            place yourself in a dangerous or difficult
            situation. Other verbs can be used instead
            of ‘walk'. Put your head into the lion's
            •nouth means the same.
            With the confidence of a man who believes
            that he has done no wrong, the Minister last
            light walked into the lion's den of his press ac
            throw someone to the lions
            If someone throws you to the lions, they
            allow you to be criticized severely or treated
            roughly, and they do not try to protect you.
            Throw someone to the wolves means the

            same.

            Tanya isn't sure exactly why she's been
            thrown to the lions. She traces it back to quotes
            she made about the business that were reproduced
            out of context.
            The mystique of the film star has been steadi
            ly eroded over the years by an increasingly inquisitive
            press. And so Hollywood, in its desper
            ate need to make money in a world which no
            longer worships the cinema, has thrown its
            stars to the lions.

            lip
            button your lip
            button it
            If you button your lip. you keep silent
            about something although you would really
            like to speak.
            He had the grace and good sense to button
            his lip, even though this clearly caused him
            personal pain.

            As I enter his sitting room I laugh involun
            tarify. and am met with an impatient glare. I
            hastily button my lip.
            O If you tell someone to button it or button
            their lip, you are telling them rudely to be
            quiet.
            'What have / done to deserve thisT ‘Just but
            ton it. Park.' the Chief said.
            One critic declared 'If anyone needs to get his
            altitude right, it is him. For a start, he should
            button his lip. '

            pay lip service to something
            give lip service to something
            444
            If you say that someone pays lip service or


                evince -p 267 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            lips
            an idea, you are being
            critical of them because they appear to be in
            favour of it but are not doing anything to

            gives lip service to

            support it.

            Nearly all Western manufacturers now pay
            lip-service to Japanese management techniques.
            These agreements give lip service to money
            going back to the people. But there are no
            specific amounts or shares or even a formula
            for how it would be determined.
            You can also just talk about lip service.
            All the talk about nation- building is pure
            lip-service, because people who are selfish will
            never join with others to build the nation and
            preserve the good welfare of others.
        a stiff upper lip
            If someone is keeping a stiff upper lip, they hide their emotions and do not let other people see what they are feeling.
            You can also say that someone is keeping their upper lip stiff.

            litmus

            248

            444

            I shared my feelings with no one because l
            had always believed in keeping a stiff upper
            lip. crying in private, and putting on my best
            face /or family and friends.
            His pathetic attempt to maintain a stiff upper
            lip failed.
            Lady Spender, speaking from her house near
            Avignon, was keeping her upper lip commend
            ably stiff.

            You can also refer to the attitude or behaviour
            of people who do not like to show their
            emotions as the stiff upper lip.
            Another problem is the British stiff upper lip
            which prevents many patients from asking for
            painkillers for fear of appearing weak and
            cowardly.

            lips
            lick your lips
            4
            lick your chops
            If someone is looking forward eagerly to a

            future event, you can say that they are licking
            their lips.
            His home supporters licked their lips in anticipation
            of the first Scottish-born winner since
            Tommy Armour in 1931.
            Peter says the Government may collapse. It
            looks as if he's waiting to pounce. You can almost
            see him licking his lips.
            In informal English, you can say that someone
            licks their chops.
            After hearing the president's plan for economic
            recovery, they were licking their chops.
            44
            on someone's lips: I
            If you say that something is on people's
            lips, you mean that a lot of people are talking
            about it and seem to be interested in it.
            Unification was the word on everybody's lips.
            The question on most people's lips was not

            whether there would be war but when it would
            it break out.
            A new word was on the lips of foreign companies
            and governments: privatisation.

            on someone's lips: 2
            If a question or comment

            44

            is on your lips,
            you want to ask or say it or you are in the
            process of asking or saying it.
            The question had been on my lips the whole
            time. 'What has happened to her?' The priest
            smiled. He guessed it was Belinda I was asking
            about. 'She's safe, ‘ he said.
            He stopped in the dressing room beside their
            bedroom, hung his coat over the corner chair.
            his apology already on his lips.

            4
            read someone's lips
            If someone tells you to read their lips, they
            are telling you to believe and trust what they
            are saying.
            Mr Bush won the White House in 1988
            thanks, in large part, to his now infamous
            pledge 'read my lips: no new taxes'.
            someone's lips are sealed
            4
            seal someone's lips
            If you say that your lips are sealed, you
            mean you will keep a secret that someone has

            told you.
            As for anything told to me in confidence, well.
            my lips are sealed.
            'The Player' is worth seeing for its deeply
            funny finale alone but my lips are firmly sealed
            on that.
            You can also say that someone has sealed
            Ups.
            The leading players in the story, like John
            Aspinall. refused point-blank to talk to him
            about the murder. Elsewhere he met sealed lips
            and a wall of silence.
            If someone or something seals your lips.
            they prevent you from talking about a particular
            subject.
            ‘Did Nolan ever use a green vanT he asked,
            but the switch back to business and away from
            salacious gossip seemed to effectively seal the

            foreman's lips.

            litmus
            a litmus test | 'en provsticka'

            444

            If you say that something is a litmus test of
            the quality or success of a particular thing.
            you mean that it is an effective and conclusive
            way of proving it or measuring it. This
            is used mainly in journalism.
            The election is a crucial litmus test of your
            policies of increased urban density and you
            will soon appreciate the political cost of experimenting
            with the legitimate housing expectations
            of Australians.
            The success of wind power represents a litmus
            test for renewable energy.

            expression

            J


                evince -p 268 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            live

            long

            249

            live

            lock

            4
            live and breathe something
            If you say that someone lives and breathes
            a particular subject or activity, you are emphasizing
            that they are extremely enthusiastic
            about it.

            lock, stock, and barrel
            44
            You use lock, stock, and barrel to empha
            size that you do something completely or include
            every part of something.
            It would have been much easier for us to
            have shut the business down lock, stock and
            barrel, and to have saved our cash and not
            paid a dividend.
            He has moved down from the north-east, lock,
            stock and barrel.

            •She might change her mind about what she

            wants to do. ' 7 doubt it. She's fifteen now, and
            she's lived and breathed theatre since she was
            six.'
            Williams lived and breathed motor racing.
            You can include other verbs in this expression.
            When you play for Manchester United, you
            have to live, eat, and breathe football 24 hours
            a day.
            As finals approached, I lived, breathed, and
            dreamed art and literature.

            lives
            have nine lives
            If you say that someone has nine lives, you
            mean that they keep managing to get out of
            difficult or dangerous situations without being
            hurt or harmed. This expression is sometimes
            used to suggest surprise that they have survived
            so long.
            But at the back of my mind I was certain
            that one day my nine lives would run out and
            1 would be caught - or worse.
            I think this is probably going to be the end,
            although he has shown he is a political cat
            with far more than nine lives.
            This expression comes from the saying a
            cat has nine lives, which people use to say
            that cats seem to survive a lot of very dangerous
            situations or events.

            loaf
            half a loaf is better than none
            If you say that half a loaf is better than
            none, you mean that it is better to take what
            you can get, even if it is very little, than to
            risk having nothing at all. Other words can
            be used instead of 'loaf and ‘none1.
            Leeds are now a point behind Manchester
            United, who have a game m hand Their manager
            said: 'Half a loaf is better than none.
            We'll just have to get on with it.'
            I'm very disappointed that all we have in the
            form cf test matches is just one solitary test,
            but half a loaf is better than no loaf, and we
            are happy that at least we are getting this test.
            7 hate it when they dry up after only half a
            story.' 'Let's get this lot signed before she
            changes her mind,' said Dave. ‘Half a story's
            better than no story at all.‘

            log
            easy as falling off a log
            simple as falling off a log
            If you say that something is as easy as falling
            off a log, you are emphasizing that it is
            very easy to do. You can also say it is as simple
            as falling off a log or like falling off a
            log
            She's just the sort of woman who could cook
            a four-course dinner for 12 while singing all of
            Faurt's Requiem, and making it look to the
            rest of the world as easy as falling off a log.
            The band had only been together for a year
            when they got signed to Epic. 'Getting signed
            was like falling off a log. ' they said.

            loggerheads
            at loggerheads

            444

            If one person or group is at loggerheads
            with another, they strongly disagree about
            something.
            The European Community has been at logger
            heads with America and other farm goods exporters.
            which want big cuts in farm subsidies.
            Social workers and doctors are at logger
            heads over how well the new system will work.
            Trevor and his estranged wife Becky ended
            up at loggerheads this time having a shouting
            match on the doorstep

            loins
            gird your loins
            4
            If you say that someone is girding their
            loins or girding up their loins, you mean
            that they are preparing themselves to deal
            with a difficult or stressful situation, especially
            by preparing themselves mentally or
            psychologically. This is a literary expression,
            which is now used mainly in journalism.
            Conservation organisations are girding their
            loins to take on the European Community.
            He is girding up his loins for another round

            of high-level meetings.

            long
            long as your arm
            4
            If you say that something, such as a list, is


                evince -p 269 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            look
            long as your arm. you are emphasizing
            that it is very long.
            The phone's been buzzing non-stop. Tve a list
            of messages as long as my arm.

            as

            on one thing and short on
            44
            another
            If someone says that something is long on
            one thing and short on another, they mean
            that it has a lot of the first thing but not very

            long

            much of the second. This expression is
            usually used to suggest that there is more of
            the first thing than you need and not enough
            of the second.
            This performance is long on showmanship
            and short on worthwhile music.
            The prime minister's speech was long on
            words but short on solid action.
            You can say that something is short on
            one thing and long on another. This expression
            is usually used to suggest that something
            has very little of a bad quality and plenty of a

            good one.
            The script is blissfully short on polemic and
            long on situations which allow Murphy to employ
            his gift fa- accents.

            look
            a dirty look
            a filthy look
            4
            a black look
            If someone gives you a dirty look, a filthy
            look, or a black look, they look at you in a
            way that shows that they are very angry

            about something.
            Tony was being a real pain. Michael gave
            him a dirty look and walked out of the kitchen.
            He caught the filthy look his daughter flashed
            him
            Passing my stall, she cast black looks at the

            amount of stuff still unsold.

            looked
            have never looked back
            444
            When an event causes a permanent change
            in someone's life for the better, you can mention
            that event and say that they have never
            looked back or have not looked back.
            He became a professional photographer in
            1978, and has never looked back.
            I quit my job as a bus driver, packed my
            bags, and never looked back! From that day
            forward, I vowed never to settle for a boring
            job again.

            She was asked to write Sainsbury's first cookery
            book and hasn't looked back since. She is
            now cookery editor for The Sunday Telegraph.

            loose

            250

            loop
            throw someone for a loop
            knock someone for a loop
            4
            If someone or something throws you for a
            loop or knocks you for a loop, they shock

            you or surprise you very much. These expressions
            are used mainly in American English.
            The banker was surprised to find Johnson in
            his usual high spirits. If Kravis's offer had
            thrown him for a loop, Johnson wasn't letting
            it show.
            Then the doorbell rings. The friend goes to
            the door. This young woman chimney sweep is
            there with her cleaning things. She's wearing a
            top hat. the sight of which knocked J.P. for a
            loop.

            loose
            cut loose

            444

            If someone cuts loose or is cut loose, they
            become free from the influence or authority of
            other people.
            He's cut loose from this business except, possibly,
            where James is concerned.
            Italy has not cut loose from the ERM as determinedly
            as Britain.
            The plant is struggling to find new markets.
            That would be tough enough, but it's also in
            the throes of privatization. It's about to be cut
            loose from the state on which it has so long depended.

            hang loose
            4
            If you tell someone to hang loose, you are
            telling them in an informal way to relax or
            not to be too serious about something, because
            you do not consider it to be very important.
            Get something to eat and come back to the of
            fice. And hang loose.

            Doesn't it make sense for you to hang loose
            with old friends.

            on the loose: 1

            444

            If a dangerous person or animal is on the
            loose, they are free because they have escaped
            from somewhere.
            You have to wake up every day knowing that
            whoever carried out those auful murders is
            still on the loose.
            Everyone had to vacate the meeting as rapidly
            as possible because there was a lion on the
            loose in the building.

            on the loose: 2
            If you say that someone is on the loose,
            you mean that they are not being controlled
            or supervised by anyone and they are free to
            behave however they want
            Home Alone 2 is about the escapades of a
            mischievous young boy on the loose in New
            York.

            j


                evince -p 270 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            loss
            The problem is high-spirited youngsters on

            the loose in the country's leafy lanes.

            loss
            at a loss

            444

            If someone is at a loss, they do not know
            what to do or say in a particular situation.
            These women also face language barriers and
            are at a loss to know where to go for help.
            With over 190 different recipes for more than
            100 varieties of pasta, Rosa is seldom at a loss

            for something to cook.

            The Spanish authorities were at a total loss
            as to how to handle the situation.

            dead loss

            4

            If you describe someone or something as a
            dead loss, you think that they are completely

            useless.
            Politics is in crisis, and politicians are a dead
            loss
            The Keep Sunday Special Campaign claims
            the figures show Sunday trading is ‘a dead
            loss'.
            I have always been a dead loss at competitive
            sports and games. I always want the opposition
            to win.

            losses
            cut your losses

            444

            If you cut your losses, you decide to stop

            spending time, energy, or money on an activity
            or situation on which you have already
            spent a lot without having any success.
            Since the software market is already intense
            ly competitive, and existing customers are fed
            up with the firm's high maintenance fees, creditors
            may well prefer to cut their losses and liquidate
            the firm.
            Only you can decide if you should push on to
            the end of your degree or cut your losses and
            get out.
            It may be men are just as capable of making
            a serious commitment but reserve the right to
            cut their losses, should a relationship begin to
            disintegrate.

            lot
            all over the lot
            If something is all over the lot, it is spread
            a large area or over a wide range of
            things This expression is used in American
            English: the British expression is all over

            across

            the shop.
            UlM's investments have been all over the lot
            ln fiber optic technology, data-retrieval systems,
            computer networks and so on.
            Estimates of Iraqi troops who died in the Per
            LT

            love

            251

            -

            throw in your lot with someone
            cast your lot with someone

            44

            If you throw in your lot with someone, or
            cast your lot with them, you decide to join
            them and to share whatever good or bad
            things happen to them.
            That does not mean that France is ready to
            throw in its lot with other Community states

            on defence matters.
            Later that year, Dali threw in his lot with
            Gala and left his family and Spain to be with
            her and paint in Paris.
            1 cast my lot with him through the long, difficult.
            comeback years of 1965 through 1968.

            loud
            loud and clear

            44-4

            If someone says something loud and clear,
            they say it openly, unambiguously, and forcefully
            so that it cannot be misunderstood or ignored.
            The message must come across loud and clear
            from the manager: No matter how hard I ask
            you to work, I work as hard or harder
            The message coming through loud and clear
            is that men expect much more of their women
            than they do of themselves.
            In the past we didn't have an African Caribbean
            voice in the council. Now our views and
            our voices are being heard loud and clear in
            the town hall.
            You can also use loud and clear before a

            noun.

            The statement said the international comma

            nity had transmitted a loud and clear message
            that all expressions of hatred and intolerance
            are unacceptable to enlightened nations.

            love
            4
            for love nor money
            If you say that you cannot get something for
            love nor money or for love or money, you
            are emphasizing that it is very difficult to get.
            You won't get a room here, not for love nor

            money.
            Norman had created a fine vegetable garden
            that bulged with spinach and courgettes and
            French beans and little peas and all the things
            you couldn't buy in the local shops, for love or
            money.
        no love lost, little love lost
            If you say that there is no love lost between two people or groups, or little love lost between them, you mean that they do not like each other at all.
            There was no love lost between the country's two most powerful politicians.
            There was little love lost between Mellor and Isaacs, and the opera house was seen as not being big enough for both of them.

                evince -p 271 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            down on your luck

            lurch

            252

            4

            Someone who is down on their luck is suffering
            a period of bad luck.
            Even when people are down on their luck and
            need the kind of services that an agency like
            HRA provides, they deserve the same human
            courtesy that any of us would expect when
            we're going to receive a service.
            This is the poignant story of many-times married
            Buffy, an ageing actor down on his luck
            doing voice-overs for commercials
            You can use this expression before a noun.
            Unless the couple do eventually produce a
            son, the earldom would pass to a down on his
            luck 60-year-old bachelor.

            the luck of the draw
            If something that happens depends on the
            luck of the draw, it depends on chance rather
            than on the efforts or merits of the people
            involved.
            On better acquaintance, you may decide that
            there's no basis for a real friendship with a
            colleague or client or fellow-member of your
            evening class. That 's just the luck of the draw.

            lucky
            44
            strike lucky
            If someone strikes lucky or strikes it
            lucky, they suddenly have some good luck,
            for example by winning some money. This expression
                is used in British English.
            I arrived at 12.30 to give myself lime to find a
            parking meter, but struck lucky immediately.

            US economists have criticised the draws as a
            way of raising state cash, because they mainly
            take money from the poorest people, who dream
            of striking it lucky.

            lump
            like it or lump it
            4
            have to lump it
            If you say that someone has to like it or
            lump it, you mean that they will have to accept
            a situation even though they do not like
            it, because they cannot do anything to change
            it. This is an informal expression.
            Like it or lump it. Cannes is the place where
            the entire spectrum of world film has its an
            nual meeting.
            If you're a shareholder in the club then you
            have some sort of say in the way things are
            run. But as a paying customer you like it or
            lump it.

            You can also say that someone will have to

            lump it when they have to accept a situation
            whether they want to or not

            When we pointed out they'd effectively taken
            part of our garden, they said they hadn "t even
            noticed. We just had to lump it.

            a lump in your throat
            bring a lump to your throat

            44

            If you say that you have a lump in your
            throat, you mean that you have a tight feeling
            in your throat because of a strong emotion
            such as sorrow, nostalgia, or gratitude.
            You can also say that something brings a
            lump to your throat. Compare a frog in
            your throat; see frog.
            Meg felt a lump in her throat. She was going
            to miss Dot, even though the two of them had
            never been particularly close.
            It brings a lump to my throat. We are so
            proud of her.

            lunch
            out to lunch

            -4

            If you say that someone is out to lunch,
            you mean that they do not seem aware of
            what is happening around them, or they do

            not seem intelligent or capable.
            He has failed to fulfil his role as the mayor
            who could take charge. He is seen as a man
            who is out to lunch.
            You can use out to-lunch before a noun.
            He concentrates on cracking endless waves of

            out-to-lunch jokes.

            there's no such thing as a free lunch
            44

            People say ‘there's no such thing as a free
            lunch' or ‘there is no free lunch' to mean
            you cannot expect to get things for nothing,
            since most things that are worth having need
            to be paid for or worked for.
            The government has spent 14 years telling the
            nation that there is no such thing as a free
            lunch and lecturing us on the virtues of sound

            economics.
            The book is simple homespun philosophy. It
            includes 25 Lessons for Life: Lesson 1: There is
            no free lunch. Don't feel entitled to anything
            you don't sweat and struggle for.

            lurch
            leave someone in the lurch

            44

            If you say that someone has left you in the
            lurch, you are complaining that they have
            put you in a difficult situation by suddenly
            going away or abandoning you, without giving
            you very much notice of their plans.
            My secretary left me in the lurch on Friday
            and l haven't found a replacement yet
            Chicago-based Midway Airlines has shut
            down, leaving thousands of ticket holders in
            the lurch.

            I


                evince -p 272 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            lying

            march

            253

            lying
            not take something lying down

            If something bad is happening and you say
            that you will not take it lying down, you
            mean that you will complain about it or resist
            it.

            It is clear that he means to push everyone out

            if he can who does not agree with him, and
            I for one am not going to lake it lying
            down.
            They still say there's nothing wrong at all
            with their systems. So anyway, I don't take
            these things lying down, so l complained sever
            al times by letter

            M
            mad
            mad as a hatter

            If you say that someone is as mad as a hatter.
            you think that they are very strange.
            foolish, or crazy. This expression is used

            mainly in British English.
            Her sister's as mad as a hatter and
            ask me she's not much better herself

            if

            you

            mad as a hornet
            If you say that someone is as mad as a horthey
            are extremely angry.
            This expression is used mainly in American
            English.
            Hob grinned. Til bet he's as mad as a hornet.'
            'He did not sound at all pleased.' Jerry

            net. you mean that

            admitted.

            map
            on the map

            I•

            444

            If someone or something puts a person,
            place, or thing on the map, they cause them
            to become well known or important.
            Tim Mansel of the BBC looks at the career of
            the man who, in 13 years as Chancellor, put
            Austria back on the map.
            The film which really put Ellen Barkin on
            the map was The Big Easy.
            The Great Age of British Watercolours found
            o perfect venue at the National Gallery. Washington
            DC - the more so because Washington's
            great patron Paul Mellon helped to put watercolours
            on the map.

            marbles
            lose your marbles

            have all your marbles

            4

            If you say that someone has lost their marbles,
            you mean that they are crazy, insane, or
            senile. This is an informal expression.
            At 83 l have not lost my marbles and my
            memory is, thank God. as clear as it ever was.
            People are talking about him as if he's lost
            ms marbles. Makes you wonder what he's up

            L:

            marbles when it is obvious that they are
            completely sane and rational.
            The producer Mirian Adhtar has found four
            particularly fearless old ladies, they have all
            their marbles, crystal clear recollections and, at
            ninety-odd, no false modesty

            pick up your marbles and go home
            If you say that someone picks up their
            marbles and goes home, you mean that they
            leave a situation in which they are involved
            because they are dissatisfied with the way
            things are going. You can use this expression
            to suggest that you think they are wrong to
            do this. This expression is used in American
            English.
            Many Asians regard a U.S. presence as a de
            sirable counterweight to Japanese influence. No
            one wants the US. to pick up its marbles and
            go home.

            march
         march to a different drummer  (+march to their own drum)
            march to the beat of a different
            drummer
            4
            march to a different tune
            If you say that someone marches to a different
            drummer or marches to the beat of
            a different drummer, you mean that they
            act in accordance with beliefs or expectations
            which are different from those of their colleagues or associates. These expressions are
            used mainly in journalism
            Can't Congress see that this only compounds
            the problem ? Or does Congress march to a different
            drummer?
            The state-supported school marches to the
            beat of a different drummer, and I will permit
            it to continue to do so.
            This expression is sometimes varied, for ex
            ample by replacing 'drummer' with 'drum'
            As a player Lindner has always marched to
            the beat of a different drum
            In British English, you can also say that
            someone marches to a different tune
            Clough has always marched to a different
            tune, but this time his perversity may finally be
            his undoing


                evince -p 273 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            mark
            steal a march

            44

            If you steal a march on someone, you do
            something before they do and so gain an advantage
            over them.
            Investors from other countries will be annoyed
            that their Japanese competitors have
            once again stolen a march on them, and they
            are likely to press their governments harder to

            follow the Japanese example.

            The bold move is designed to entice shoppers
            away from Tesco, which stole a march by opening
            more stores on the Sundays in the run-up
            to Christmas.

            mark
            a black mark

            44

            If people form a low opinion of you as a result
            of something that you have done or that
            they think you have done, you can say that
            you get a black mark.
            Any complaints, you got a black mark
            straight away, didn't matter whether there was
            anything in them or not.
            I knew I had no history of bad debts and
            couldn't think why there should be a black
            mark against my name.

            get off the mark
            4
            In a sporting contest, when someone gets
            off the mark, they score or win for the first
            time. If you get ofT the mark in another activity,
            you start to do it quickly. This expression
            is used mainly in British English.
            The goal was Atkinson 's second of the season,
            having got off the mark against Ipswich Town
            on Saturday.
            Don't waste time with small talk; you might
            have only five minutes to present your case. Get

            off the mark right away.
            hit the mark

            4

            If you say that something such as a film, a
            book, or a performance hits the mark, you
            mean that it is very good and succeeds in
            pleasing people.
            Every Australian film that hits the mark for
            the next five years will probably be compared
            somewhere, in some way, to last year's megahit
            "Strictly Ballroom'.
            The band have really hit the mark. Already
            acclaimed as a Single Of The Week, 'Call It
            What You Want' is destined to be one of the
            successes of the year.

            leave your mark
            leave a mark

            mark

            254

            444

            If you leave your mark on someone or
            something, you do something important that
            has a lasting effect on them. If an event or experience
            leaves its mark on someone or
            something, it has a last mg effect on them.
            He now has five more years in office and

            would still dearly like to leave his mark on the
            world.
            I lived abroad, in Asia, for four years, and
            this is an experience that tends to leave its
            mark.

            You can also say that you leave a mark on
            someone or something.
            Chris Hani has left an indelible mark on the

            politics of South

            Africa.

            make your mark
            444
            make a mark
            If you make your mark, you do something
            which causes you to become noticed or to become
            famous. If something makes its mark,
            it starts to be noticed or starts to have an effect.
            Another highlight of this year's festival is Japan
            Focus, which looks at the new generation
            of Japanese directors making their mark in
            world cinema.
            When I was younger it was a matter of getting
            on and competing and making your mark.
            I don't feet that need any longer.
            You can also say that someone or something
            makes a mark.
            One of the athletes who made a mark for himself
            at the 1964 Olympics was Kichogi Kano.

            ofT the mark: 1

            4

            If something that you say or write is ofT the
            mark, it is incorrect or inaccurate.
            While he does make some specific points regarding
            particular individuals and particular
            theoretical observations. I find much of his argument
            off the mark.
            They're sometimes called 'Poor Man ‘s Oyster *
            but I think that name is way off the mark.
            Mussels are every bit as good as the more expensive
            oyster.

            ofT the mark: 2
            If you describe someone's words or behaviour
            as off the mark, you are criticizing
            them for being unfair. This expression is used
            mainly in British English.
            There are good and bad decisions in every
            Test Match you play in, even in England. Mistakes
            are being made, but to question the umpires'
            integrity is off the mark.

            on the mark

            <
            If something someone says or writes is on
            the mark, it is correct or accurate.
            A thousand thanks for your interview with
            Michael Medved. He's right on the mark about
            movies being out of step with American cul
            tore.
            overshoot the mark

            If you overshoot the mark, you do something
            to a greater extent than is necessary or

            desirable.


                evince -p 274 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            mark
            1 quite unwittingly overshot the mark, and I

            still feel embarrassed about it.
            overstep the mark

            4

            someone

            oversteps the mark, they bein a way that is considered unacceptable, for example by doing something which
            they are not allowed to do.
            Sometimes newspapers overstep the mark but
            overall they do more good than harm.
            He overstepped the mark and we had no option
            but to suspend him.
            [f

            quick off the mark
            first off the mark
            slow off the mark
            If someone is quick off

            44

            the mark, they are
            quick to understand or respond to something,
            or to take advantage of an opportunity. If they
            are first off the mark, they act more quickly
            than anyone else. These expressions are used
            mainly in British English
            These price cuts are great news for the
            holidaymaker who is quick off the mark.
            Several agencies have been looking at the options
            but Merrett appears to have been quicker
            off the mark than its rivals.
            The new fine art season moved into top gear
            yesterday with Christie's and Sotheby's announcing
            big collections for the autumn sales
            in London and New York. Christie's were first
            off the mark with a collection of seven paintings
            by Paul Cizanne.
            If someone is slow off the mark, they are
            slow to act or to react to a situation or event.

            International relief efforts on behalf of the

            refugees were slow off the mark, partly because
            of a belief that the refugees would soon be re
            patriated.

            up to the mark

            4

            If you say that something is up to the
            mark, you mean that it is of a satisfactory

            standard or quality.
            Employers would then have to pour lots of
            money into the fund to bring it up to the mark.
            They get rid of those whose work is not up to
            the mark and help those who are trying but
            have not yet learnt the best way to do things.

            'vide of the mark

            masters

            255

            44

            If something that you say or write is wide
            of the mark, it is incorrect or inaccurate.
            The SIB said last night: '.Any suggestions
            that we are putting any pressure on Sir Gordon
            to step down are very wide of the mark. '
            Por once, it seems that the AA 's figures might
            not he too wide of the mark.
            Perhaps we are wide of the mark on what the
            origin
            of this condition really is.

            market
            a cattle market
            a meat market
            If you refer to a situation as a cattle market
            or a meat market, you mean that people
            are being treated in an undignified way which
            shows no respect for them as individuals. For
            example, you might refer to a beauty contest
            as a cattle market or a meat market if you
            disapprove of the fact that the contestants are
            being considered only in terms of their physical
            attractiveness. 'A cattle market' is used
            mainly in British English.
            The parade of beautiful girls from every nation
            in the world was rightly called a cattle
            market.
            'Is it a meat market?' ‘Yes. of course, but no
            more than any other nightclub. '
            44
            in the market for something
            If you are in the market for something,
            you are interested in buying it or getting it.

            If you're in the market for expensive skin care
            products, the following list includes some of the
            most well known.
            There's no way you'd be in the market for
            buying a book like that.

            marrow
            chilled to the marrow
            frozen to the marrow
            If you say that you are chilled to the marrow
            or frozen to the marrow, you are emphasizing
            that you are very cold. These expressions
            are used in British English.
            An icy wind murmured through the trees and
            shrubbery and passed over Lenny's back, but
            he didn 't need that to feel a chill to the marrow
            of his bones.
            When I got back from the forester's lodge at

            about ten a.m.. I was frozen to the marrow.
            to the marrow
            You can use to the marrow to emphasize
            the intensity of someone's beliefs or feelings.

            She hadn't heard the name de Gaulle till she
            BBC. and
            from then on she was Gaulliste to the marrow.
            I wasn't expecting to be thrilled to the marpicked
            it up listening illegally to the

            row with it.

            masters
            not serve two masters
            If you say that a person cannot serve two

            masters, you mean that it is impossible to be
            loyal to two opposing principles, beliefs, or organizations.
            But there is something more fundamentally
            wrong: the inherent conflict of interest in Sir
            Nicholas's job. He is expected to serve two masters:
            politics and the law.


                evince -p 275 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            mat

            means

            256

            mat

            meal

            go to the mat
            If someone goes to the mat, they fight very
            fiercely about something. This expression is
            used mainly in American English.
            To civil rights leaders, this talk is rank her
            esy. So they will go to the mat to destroy him.
            Librarians have gone to the mat for us and
            I'm determined to do my bit to help them meet
            the demand for the books.

            make a meal of something
            If you say that someone is making a
            of something or is making a meal out
            you are criticizing them for spending
            time or energy on it than is necessary

            match
            meet your match

            44

            If you meet your match, you find that you
            are competing or fighting with someone who
            is as good as you or is better than you.
            He met his match in Chris Dittmar of Australia
            at the European championships in West
            Germany.
            When I got into the room with Wesley, it was
            almost like looking into a mirror for me. I had
            finally met my match in power and intellect.

            a shouting match
            If people or organizations have a shouting
            match, they have an angry debate about
            something.
            We didn't want to get into a horrible shout
            ing match with the university.
            Four frustrating years of talks ended in a
            shouting match over farm subsidies between
            the European Community and America.
            This expression is more commonly used to
            talk about a quarrel in which people shout at

            one another.
            the whole shooting match

            You can use the whole shooting match to
            refer to the whole of something.
            The head of this division would run the
            whole shooting match. He would have to get
            products, write presentations, devise campaigns.
            hire, fire, and a hundred other things.
            I filled in my donor card, ticking the whole
            shooting-match, from kidneys to liver.

            McCoy
            the real McCoy

            4

            If you describe something as the real
            McCoy, you mean that it is genuine or the
            original, rather than a fake or copy, and is
            therefore often considered to be the best.
            It is important not to confuse English wine
            with British. The former is the real McCoy,
            wine made from home-grown grapes; the latter
            is made from cheap, imported grape concen
            trate.

            Unlike some other products which are promoted
            as the real McCoy. Cobra is a genuine Indian
            product.

            4

            meal
            of it,

            more

            This

            expression is used mainly in British English.
            Alexander has made such a meal out of a
            mildly mistaken newspaper report.
            The Herald made a week-long meal of the story.
            So did the big national television networks.
            ‘He's making a meal of this,' she said, 'a
            four-course one, to say the least. I think you
            had better have a word with him. '

            a meal ticket
            If you describe something as a meal ticket,
            you mean that it is a way of getting money on
            a regular basis and securing a good lifestyle.
            A degree has never been a meal ticket, but the
            recession is making life for graduates tougher
            than ever.
            I just can't understand how anyone would
            want to do something just for money. 1 mean,
            one's job isn't just a meal ticket It's an extension
            of one's whole personality.
            Four out of ten men fear their partner may
            be after a life-long meal ticket.

            a square meal

            4

            If you have a square meal, you have a
            large, filling, nutritious meal.
            Do you survive on yogurt at lunchtime while
            your partner wants a square meal?
            The troops are very tired. They haven't had a
            square meal for four or five days.

            meaning
            4
            not know the meaning of the word
            If you mention a quality or kind of experience
            and you say that someone doesn't know
            the meaning of the word, you are emphasizing
            that they do not have that quality or never
            have that kind of experience. People sometimes
            replace 'word' with 'phrase' or 'term'.
            She is an optimist, Ruthie doesn't even know
            the meaning of the word depression.
            Service? In Britain we don't know the meaning
            of the word.

            means
            by fair means or foul
            If someone tries to achieve something by
            fair means or foul, they are prepared to use
            any possible method to achieve it, and they
            do not care if their behaviour is dishonest or
            unfair.
            She never gave up trying to recover her

            erty. by fair means or foul.

            prop
            He accused the company of being hell bent on
            achieving its cuts by whatever means, fair


                evince -p 276 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            measure
            means or foul, irrespective of the financial and

            emotional impact.

            444

            If something is done for good measure, it
            is done in addition to other things in order to
            make certain that something is successful or
            complete.
            This is a fairly conventional love story, with
            a murder mystery thrown in for good measure.
            In the opening ceremonies for New England's
            newest WalMart in Farmington, Maine, the
            mayor predicted good fortune for both the store
            and its shoppers, but a local minister offered a
            prayer for good measure.
            He and the landlord gave us much precious
            information and the landlord threw in for good
            measure an invaluable local guide.

            have the

            measure of someone

            If you have the measure of someone or
            something, you understand them or know
            what they are like. You can say that you get
            the measure of them or take the measure
            of them when you discover what they are

            like.
            Lili was the only person I knew who had the
            measure of her brother.
            He had the measure of Allen and his clique.
            and he treated them with polite contempt.
            Amsterdam is that rare thing: a major city
            you can get the measure of in just four days.
            Elizabeth was taking the measure of the opposition.

            meat
            dead meat: 1

            He was attracted to heart surgery because it
            was a field in which you can often put things

            right. This is meat and drink to any doctor. In
            many other fields you cant cure things just

            measure

            for good measure

            messenger

            257

            4

            If someone says that a person is dead meat.
            they mean that that person is in serious trou
            ble which may result in them being injured
            or killed. This is an informal expression.
            which is often used in threats.
            He's scum - and dead meat if he comes back

            here.

            dead meat: 2
            If someone says that a person is dead meat.
            they are saying in an unkind way that that
            Person is in serious trouble which they think
            will have unpleasant consequences for them.
            such as losing their job.
            Anyone who remembered her said she was
            dead meat.

            tfeat and drink to someone

            If something is meat and drink to you, it is
            something you find easy to cope with and en
            J°y doing. This expression is used mainly in

            British English.

            What normal people considered pressure was
            meat and drink to Robert Maxwell.

            like that.

            one man's meat is another man's
            poison

            If you say that one man's meat is another
            man's poison, you are pointing out that different
            people like different things.
            Art is everywhere. Because it is a question of
            personal taste, the cliche of one man 's meat being
            another's poison is in this case especially
            fitting.

            medicine
            give someone a taste of their own

            medicine

            give someone a dose of their own

            medicine
            If someone has behaved badly and you

            4

            give

            them a taste of their own medicine or a
            dose of their own medicine, you treat them
            badly in return.
            The cowardly thugs who mug old people
            should be given a taste of their own medicine
            with the return of corporal punishment.
            For the past few months, enemy guerrillas.
            bursting out of the enclaves, have given them a
            dose of their own medicine.

            melting pot
            in the melting pot

            4

            If something is in the melting pot. it is
            constantly changing, so that you do not know
            what will finally happen to it. This expression
            is used mainly in British journalism.
            Their fate is still in the melting pot. and
            much suffering may lie ahead.
            Australia had more spark and a little more
            finesse These assets proved critical when the
            match was in the melting pot in the second

            half
            I am very disappointed. The whole business
            has been put into the melting pot again.

            men
            sort out the men from the boys
            separate the men from the boys
            If a difficult or challenging situation

            sorts
            out the men from the boys or separates the
            men from the boys, it tests people and shows
            who is strong and capable and who is not
            This is the game that will sort out the men
            from the boys. It is absolutely vital to win the
            replay and get to the final.

            messenger
            shoot the messenger
            If someone accuses you of

            4

            shooting the


                evince -p 277 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            mickey
            messenger, they are criticizing you for unfairly
            blaming a person who has given you
            unpleasant news or information, when you
            should instead be angry with the people who
            are really responsible for the situation.
            Nobody enjoys paying tax. but at least be
            sure of your facts before you criticize the In
            land Revenue, and remember the government
            makes the rules which the Revenue then has to
            enforce. If you don't like the message, don't
            shoot the messenger

            mickey
            take the mickey
            444
            take the mick
            If you take the mickey out of someone or
            something, you tease them or make jokes
            about them in a way that causes them to
            seem ridiculous. This expression is used in
            British English.
            He started taking the mickey out of this poor
            man just because he is bald.
            Kenworthy did not know whether Neville was
            taking the Mickey out of him or not.
            You can also say that someone takes the
            mick out of someone or something.
            He has created a very Californian comedy
            that takes the mick out of absentee fathers and
            selfish mothers.
            When someone behaves like this, you can
            refer to their behaviour as mickey-taking
            You can refer to an instance of it as a
            mickey-take
            Until puberty I was really quite plump and
            had to put up with all the mickey taking that
            went with it.
            It was actually a big mickey-take.

            middle
            in the middle of nowhere
            out in the middle of nowhere
            444
            If you describe a place as being in the middle
            of nowhere or out in the middle of nowhere,
            you are emphasizing that it is a great
            distance from other places.
            When I was 14. my family moved away from
            Glasgow to a village in the middle of nowhere
            It was impossible to understand why someone
            would rather live in the middle of nowhere
            than in a big city.
            The island really is in the middle of nowhere.
            44
            middle-of-the-road: 1
            If you describe a person or their political
            ideas as middle-of-the-road, you mean that
            they are neither very left wing nor very
            right wing.

            He has represented himself as being a moderate.
            middle-of the road kind of person who
            understands and takes into consideration both
            sides of the issues.

            midstream

            258

            The Labour Party metamorphosed during the
            '80s under Neil Kinnock's leadership into
            smartly dressed, articulate, middle of the road

            socialism.

            middle-of-the-road: 2
            •4
            If you describe someone or something as
            middle-of-the-road, you mean that they are
            very ordinary, rather than unusual, exciting,

            or extreme.
            These are, for the most part, ordinary
            middle-of-the-road people who want the usual
            things out of Itfe.

            Delray Pinnock's new single ‘No Man' is a
            middle of the road soul song. This is bedtime
            music which will easily send me to sleep

            midnight
            burn the midnight oil

            <
            If you burn the midnight oil, you stay up
            very late at night in order to finish a piece of
            work.
            I wanted Heinze and Peterson to know I was

            burning the midnight oiL
            Chris is asleep after burning the midnight oil
            trying to put together his article on the Bosnian situation.
            D You can use midnight oil in other contexts
            to suggest that someone has been staying up

            very late.

            My speeches always smacked too much
            midnight oil.

            of

            midstream
        change horses in midstream
        switch horses in midstream
            If someone who is involved in an activity changes horses in midstream or switches horses in midstream, they stop using one method or thing and start using another one, or they stop supporting one person and start supporting someone else. These expressions are often used to advise someone against doing one of these things
            Treasury Secretary Nicholas Brady wrote a letter to Riegle in support of Clarke saying, in essence, this was no time to switch horses in midstream.
            I think we were very wise not to change horses in mid-stream
            O You can just say that someone changes
            horses or switches horses.

            When Mr Poloskov failed to beat Mr Yeltsin, the Communist leadership plainly decided to switch horses again Mr Poloskov withdrew and Mr Vlasov announced that he would, after all, stand against Mr Yeltsin.
            Sometimes people replace 'horses' with another
            noun
            It would be stupid for Zambians to change their oxen in midstream

            I


                evince -p 278 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            mile
            They haven't hesitated

            to change the rules in

            midstream in order to try to thwart the President.

            mile
            go the extra mile

            4

            If you say that someone is willing to go the
            extra mile, you mean that they are willing to
            make a special effort to do or achieve some
            thing

            The President is determined to go the extra

            mile for peace.
            I discovered that going the extra mile has al
            ways been the hallmark of successful people.

            People sometimes replace 'go' with another
            verb and •mile' with 'yard'.
            We will travel the extra mile to arrive at
            peace.
            He has enormous compassion for people and
            a willingness to go the extra yard to help them.
            which makes him a great loss for the club.

            a mile off
            a mile away

            4

            If you say that you can spot something or
            someone a mile off or a mile away, you are
            emphasizing that they are very obvious and
            easy to recognize.
            You can spot undercover cops a mile off.
            / thought the wig looked all right at the time
            but, looking back I can see that people could
            tell / was wearing it a mile off.
            He knew Ann could spot a lie a mile away.
            This expression is often used to suggest
            that someone is especially good at recognizing
            a particular thing.
            I can tell a crook a mile off.

            run a mile

            milk

            259

            4

            If you say that someone would run a mile if
            they were faced with a particular person,
            situation, or thing, you mean that they would
            do anything to avoid them or escape from
            them. This expression is used in British Eng
            They are tough, independent career girls who
            would run a mile from cosy domesticity.
            These days mast of us run a mile at the men

            tion of plastic.
            He hkes the ladies but he'd run a mile if one
            chased him.

            miles
            miles away
            If you say that someone is miles away, you
            uiean that they are unaware of what is hap
            Pening or of what someone is saying, because
            they are thinking deeply about something

            else.

            She looked up at Siobhan. ‘Sorry. I was miles

            away. ' ‘Thinking about all the money Mike
            could win?' Siobhan said with a grin.
            Her mother was pacing up and down and
            seemed miles away. She hadn't noticed them at
            all
            O Miles away is more commonly used literal
            ly to say that one person or thing is a very
            great distance away from another
            The nearest neighbors were miles away

            milk
            4
            it's no use crying over spilled milk
            If you tell someone “it's no use crying over
            spilled milk', you are telling them that it is
            pointless to worry or be upset about something
            that has happened and cannot be

            changed

            She couldn't help but wonder, though, if
            knowing the truth would have made Angela
            any more loving toward Charles, not that there
            was any point in crying over spilled milk
            Pm a man. I can take it I am ‘t going to cry
            over spilt milk. / was beaten fair and square.

            milk and honey
            4
            the land of milk and honey
            You can describe a time or a situation in
            which you are very contented and have plenty
            of money as a time of milk and honey.
            This is a literary expression.
            Many of the musicians working with him. including
            Charlie Parker, made the biggest money
            of their careers. It was an era of milk and
            honey for jazz.
            The days of milk and honey are back - at
            least for US equity salesmen in the City.
            You can use milk and honey before a

            noun.

            In her best-selling guide to household man
            agement for today's woman, Shirley Conran
            urged her readers to ignore the 'impossible
            milk and honey standards of the impossible TV

            housewife.'

            This expression is a shortened form of the
            land of milk and honey which describes a
            place where people will be happy and have
            plenty of food and wealth.
            They represent the golden age, when we lived
            in the land of milk and honey.

            milk and water
            if you describe something or someone as
            milk and water, you mean that they are
            weak and ineffectual- This expression is used
            in British English.
            Now, looking at the faces around her, Amy
            realized that her own groping ideas were as
            weak and vague as milk and water beside the
            ideals that flared here.
            Fryer dismissed the Cadbury report as milk
            and water


                evince -p 279 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            mill
            You can use milk and water before a

            noun.

            The only time we have ever won an election.
            is when it was fought on principle; every other
            time we've put forward this milk and water
            liberalism, and we've lost.

            mill
            go through the mill
            put through the mill

            4

            If you go through the mill or are put
            through the mill, you experience a very difficult
            period or situation.
            'Oh I've been through the mill. ‘ said Shirley
            casually, waving her hand in dismissal. 'Single
            parent, no money, and a boyfriend who beat
            me up. '
            Richard confesses he'll put a junior through
            the mill for the first few months, and work
            them hard to see if they can keep their temper.

            run-of-the-mill

            444

            You use run-of-the-mill to describe something
            or someone that you think is ordinary
            and unexciting.
            They must organise their staff photographers
            to ensure that daily run-of-the-mill events are
            covered.
            I was just a very average run-of-the-mill kind
            of student.

            million
            one in a million
            If you say that someone or something

            millstone
            a millstone around your neck

            44

            If you say that something is like a millstone
            around your neck, you mean that it is
            a very unpleasant problem or responsibility
            that you cannot escape from.
            Argentina's notoriously inefficient telephone
            company, Entel. has been a millstone round the
            government's neck.
            Long term illness can make you feel like a
            complete waste of space, a millstone around
            your family's necks.
            Millstone is often used on its own with

            this meaning.
            There is the continuing millstone of the
            country's enormous foreign debt.

            mincemeat
            make mincemeat of someone

            4

            If you make mincemeat of someone, you
            defeat them completely in a fight, argument,

            or competition.
            I remember old Fiona made mincemeat of
            him at a dinner party without him even realizing

            He tries to make mincemeat of my arguments

            against drugs.

            Naturally. Lord Goodman will make mincemeat
            of this absurd claim.

            mind
            is one

            in a million, you mean that they are very
            special or the best of their kind. You can replace
            ‘one' with a noun.
            At 25, Bernstein was a star. One in a million.
            He'll be a horse in a million if he wins.
            You can also use one-in-a-million before a

            noun.

            We still want love and the unique experience
            lasting partnership with that one-ina-million man.

            of a close,

            a one in a million chance
            a chance in a million

            mind

            260

            4

            bear something in mind
            keep something in mind
            444
            If you tell someone to bear something In
            mind or keep something in mind, you are reminding
            or warning them about something
            important which they should remember
            There are a few general rules to bear in mind
            when selecting plants.
            Go where you like, but keep in mind that
            some places are more problematic than others
            for women traveling alone.
            Add salt, pepper and spices to taste, bearing
            in mind that dishes served cold often need a lit
            tie more seasoning.

            blow your mind

            444

            If you say that something is a one in a million
            chance or that there is a chance in a
            million of it happening, you mean that it is
            very unlikely to happen, and that you would
            be either extremely lucky or extremely unlucky
            if it happened to you.
            Martyn's accident occurred at the end of a
            tough practice session yesterday morning, and
            was described as being a one-in-a-million

            If you say that something blows your mind.
            you mean that you find it so exciting, amazing,
            or interesting that it is hard to believe itOxford really blew his mind. He loved the
            feeling of the place, he loved the people.
            After months of begging him to let her sing.
            she finally grabbed the mike one night during
            a break and blew his mind with her voice.
            You can also say that you find something

            It is amazing really. He had a chance in a
            million of surviving. We are so relieved he is
            all right.

            mind-blowing.
            In the museum, the artist's impression of how
            Delphi must once have looked is mind-blowing
            in its majesty.

            chance.


                evince -p 280 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            mind
            Prague is a mind-blowing blend of Czech,
            German and Jewish cultures. And it's all
            wrapped up in some fairly incredible baroque

            architecture.
            your mind
            crosssomething
            crosses
            If

            444

            your mind, you sud
            think of it.
            Steve would rouse me from sleep at ZOO a.m.
            with a phone call to chat about an idea that
            suddenly crossed his mind.
            The thought instantly crossed my mind that
            she might be lying about her age.
            If you say that something did not cross
            your mind or never crossed your mind, you
            mean that it never occurred to you or you did
            not consider that it could happen.
            It evidently never crossed his mind to enter
            politics.
            It hasn't even crossed my mind that I won't
            win this fight.
            4
            give someone a piece of your mind
            If someone has annoyed or upset you and
            you give them a piece of your mind, you angrily
            tell them what you think of them.
            You cant let people get away with that sort
            of thing You should have given her a piece of
            denly

            your mind.

            The more she thought about it. the more
            upset she became. She would like to go out and
            give him a piece of her mind.

            have a one-track mind
            If you say that someone has a one-track
            mind, you mean that they seem to only ever
            think or talk about one subject. This expres
            sion is often used light heartedly to refer to
            people who think or talk about sex a lot.
            In my view Saunders is the complete modern
            striker, busy, quick, and with a one-track mind
            for scoring goals.

            in your mind's eye

            4-44

            If you see something In your mind's eye,
            you have a clear picture of it in your imagination
            or memory.
            I can often see you in my mind's eye, sitting
            tn your flat alone.
            Susie had a clear picture in her mind's eye of
            how she wanted the house to look.
            >n your right mind
            444
            if you say that nobody in their right mind
            would do a particular thing, you mean that it
            18 an irrational thing to do, and you do not
            exPect anyone would ever do it.

            Those places are so barren, dangerous and
            ‘ahospitable that no one in their right mind
            tvoutd go there unless they had a contract to

            fulfil.

            mind

            261

            How are you going to persuade a jury that
            man in his right mind is going to lay a
            r°il that points directly at himself?

            the mind boggles

            444

            You say ‘the mind boggles' when you find
            something difficult to imagine or understand
            because it is so amazing, strange, or compli
            cated.
            There's so much myth and mystery and so
            many messages to sift through that the mind
            boggles at how much more he might have
            taught us had he survived.
            The mind boggles to think what they could
            eventually achieve.
            D You can also describe something amazing,
            strange, or complicated as mind-boggling
            Why does Dame Barbara Cortland keep on
            writing books? She's the author of a mind
            boggling 553 works so far, and more are on the
            way.
            Just the idea that this man may have prevented
            that war is mind-boggling
            You can also say that something boggles
            the mind or that it boggles your mind when
            you find it difficult to imagine or understand
            because it is so strange, amazing, or complicated.
            Such statements boggle the mind.
            Talk about bizarre coincidences - this one absolutely
            boggled my mind.

            mind over matter

            4

            You can use the expression mind over matter
            to describe situations in which someone
            seems able to control events or solve a physi
            cal problem or difficulty by means of their attitude
            and by thinking in a focused way about
            it

            Good health is simply a case of mind over
            matter.
            Once your mind has fully accepted the sugges
            tion that you are well and fit, you immediately
            start to feel better. This mind over matter effect
            is very real.

            out of your mind: 1

            44

            If you say that someone is out of their
            mind, you mean that they are crazy, foolish.

            or insane.

            When her boss told her she would have to increase
            the models' salaries, she snapped. ‘Are
            you out of your mind?'
            Just before they reached the house something
            happened which made Rachel wonder for a mo
            merit if she might be going out of her mind.
            44
            out of your mind: 2
            If you say that you have been out of your
            mind with worry, jealousy, or fear, you are
            emphasizing that you have been extremely
            worried, jealous, or afraid. You can also say,
            for example, that you were worried or scared
            out of your mind
            She's out of her mind with worry; apparently
            her husband left the hotel when she was out
            this morning, and hasn't been seen since.


                evince -p 281 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            l

            minds
            I was out of my mind with fear, I didn't
            know what to do.
            Charlie and the girl were younger by 25 years
            than anyone else at the party. He thought she
            looked bored out of her mind.
            slip your mind
            If something slips your mind, you forget it.
            Surprisingly, it soon slipped my mind that
            there were several people working only yards
            away on the other side of the door.
            The reason for my visit had obviously slipped
            his mind.
            a weight off your mind

            a load off your mind
            If something that has been worrying you is
            resolved, and so you no longer need to worry
            about it, you can say that it is a weight off
            your mind or a load off your mind.
            Armstrong heaved a sigh of relief, 'That's a
            weight off my mind. Ella likes you. '
            Her letter, she says, is in the post confirming
            my job, and she expects me Thursday. That's a
            load off my mind.

            minds
            in two minds
            44
            of two minds
            If you are in two minds about something,
            you are very hesitant and cannot reach a de
            cision about it. In American English, you can
            also say that you are of two minds.
            Like many parents. I am in two minds about
            school uniforms. Part of me can remember the
            deep loathing l had for my own; the greater
            part thinks it is a fine thing to see lots of children
            dressed neatly and identically.
            Roche was in two minds whether to make the
            trip to Oslo.
            Her family was of two minds about what was
            happening, proud that Miss Kim was being
            honored by the state and distressed that she
            had to leave home.

            misery
            put someone out of their misery: 1
            4
            If you put someone out of their misery,
            you put an end to a situation which is causing
            them to suffer, for example by telling
            them something they have been waiting anxiously
            to hear.
            Manager Ossie Ardiles yesterday put young
            player Matty Appleby out of his misery by
            handing him a new contract.
            As A level students continued the long wait
            for their results last week, almost 1,000 British
            school leavers awaiting exam results were pul
            out of their misery.
            put someone out of their misery: 2
            4

            If someone deliberately kills a person who is

            money

            262

            suffering, for example because they have an
            incurable illness, people sometimes say that
            the first person puts the second person out of
            their misery. This expression is usually used
            to show that the speaker or writer approves
            of or is sympathetic towards this action.
            His attorney today welcomed such a trial, predicting
            that no Michigan jury would ever convict
            the doctor for 'putting suffering people out

            of their misery'.

            There were at least a dozen pills in the bottle,
            of her misery.
            put something out of its misery: 3
            4
            If someone puts an animal out of its misery,
            they kill it because it is very old or sick,
            or because it is badly injured.
            I carry medicines to relieve sick and injured
            animals Some are in such pain that I'm forced
            to put them out of their misery.
            surely enough to put her out

            miss
            miss the boat
            miss the bus
            444
            If someone misses the boat, they fail to act
            in time to take advantage of an opportunity,
            with the result that they lose the chance to do
            something or to benefit from something You
            can also say that someone misses the bus.
            Critics would say that both Congress and the
            White House have seriously missed the boat on
            this set of issues over the last few years.
            My mother and my grandmother were both
            married at 24 and at that age. I suddenly
            thought I'd missed the boat

            but l have a wid
            er world than they ever had.
            Orders received by December 10 will be sent
            in time for Christmas. Too bad if you missed
            the bus.
            ]
            You can put an adjective before ‘boat' or
            'bus' to say what kind of opportunity is being
            missed.
            M
            Rupert Bruce says those who bought in May
            missed the investment boat.

            mockers
            put the mockers on something
            If someone puts the mockers on something.
            they prevent it from happening or from being
            successful. This expression is used in British

            English.
            When it was first suggested that the group
            might tour with them back in 1990, the Happy
            Mondays themselves put the mockers on it.

            money
            4
            have money to burn
            t0
            money
            say
            you
            someone
            has
            that
            If
            burn, you mean that they are wasting
            much money on something that they must
            have far more money than they need. Heopl*

            J


                evince -p 282 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            money
            often use this expression to show disapproval
            of someone's behaviour.
            Investment in football clubs is for rich men
            with money to burn. The rest of us should stick
            to watching them play.
            It's certainly a ridiculous figure. I'd expected
            something like £30 or £40. They must have
            money to burn, these people.

            money for old rope
            money for jam
            If you say that someone

            4

            is getting money
            for old rope or money for jam, you mean
            that they are getting money very easily and

            with very little or no effort on their part.
            These expressions are used in British English.
            / had always believed that the fashion model's
            job was money for old rope.
            Who on earth can afford five pounds per
            hour? This is robbery, money for jam
            People sometimes use other nouns instead
            of 'rope' or 'jam', especially when they want
            to create a humorous effect.
            You know it's rather sickening to say the
            least. He's got to earn ten weeks' wages to get
            as much as one week's pay rise for his boss.
            And he works very hard. I mean, it's money for
            old executives, isn't it?

            money talks

            44

            If you say that money talks, you mean that
            people with a lot of money have power and
            influence and they can get whatever they

            want.
            As far as he is concerned, money talks and he
            can do what he likes.
            Nowhere does money talk louder than in Las
            Vegas.

            put your money where your mouth
            IS

            If you put your money where your mouth
            is, you give practical support to causes or activities
            that you believe are right, especially
            by giving money.
            If the minister is so keen on the school he
            should put his money where his mouth is and

            us more resources.
            Musicians can also put their money where

            give

            their mouths are and play benefit gigs.
            Journalists sometimes replace 'money' or
            'mouth' with other nouns in order to refer to
            a particular situation or to the type of sup

            p

            Port

            It

            someone might give.
            seems reasonable to ask

            money

            263

            the public to put

            Us money where its interests are.
            He wants Sinead to put her commitment
            Where her mouth is.
            We'll be watching to see how many Members

            °f the Rules Committee end up putting their
            where their rhetoric is.

            right on the money
            4
            If you say that someone is right on the
            money, you mean that they are completely
            right. This expression is used mainly in
            American English.
            If you had used the market's trading information
            to predict the popular vote, you'd have
            been right on the money.
            They say his analysis of what was wrong
            with General Motors was right on the money.

            the smart money: 1

            4

            You say that the smart money is on a particular
            event when that event seems very likely
            to happen, or is expected to happen by the
            people who know a lot about it.
            The smart money is on him losing his seat to
            the Labour challenger.
            A lot of smart money in Washington says
            that peace is nearly at hand.
            4
            the smart money: 2
            People who have a lot of experience and
            knowledge of investing money are sometimes
            referred to as the smart money This expres
            sion is used mainly in journalism.
            Today, a lot of the smart money is turning to
            bonds.
            Smart money has been snapping up South African
            equities too, though it has steered clear of
            traditionally popular gold stocks.
            This expression is also used to refer to in
            vestments made by people like this.
            The vast bulk of the smart money - several
            billion of it to date - has gone into some form
            of residential property.
            You can use smart-money before a noun.
            It wasn't the well heeled smart money crowd
            that sent Harley-Davidson shares soaring.
            spend money like water
            If you say that someone spends money like
            water, you are critical of them for spending a
            lot of money unnecessarily.
            She begins affairs with two men and spends
            money like water to create a luxurious home
            far beyond the means of her humble husband
            4
            throw good money after bad
            If you say that someone is throwing good
            money after bad. you are criticizing them
            for spending a lot of money in an attempt to
            get back money which they have already lost,
            for example in a bad investment, even though
            this is unlikely to be successful. People sometimes
            use other verbs instead of 'throw'.
            Germany is pledging trust and goodwill but
            no more cash. As one senior official put it, we
            don't want to throw good money after bad
            Some Western politicians believe that to provide
            more cash before fundamental reforms
            have been undertaken will simply be to pour
            good money

            after bad


                evince -p 283 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            monkey
            44
            throw money at something: 1
            If you say that a government or other organization
            is throwing money at a problem
            or a difficult situation, you are criticizing
            them for trying to solve or improve it by
            spending a lot of money on it. instead of
            thinking about it carefully or doing other

            things.

            The government's answer to the problem has
            been to throw money at it.
            The question today for policy makers is
            whether there is any point in throwing money
            at proposed solutions when the problem is so
            badly understood.
            throw money at someone: 2
            If you say that a person or organization is
            throwing money at someone, you are suggesting
            that this is wrong because the person
            receiving the money does not need it or de
            serve it.
            Vke are not

            just throwing money at academic
            departments for reports that gather dust in the
            library.
            We've put millions behind these guys. You

            don't think we'd throw our money at any old
            rubbish do you?

            monkey
            have a monkey on your back
            get the monkey off your back

            4

            If you have a monkey on your back, you
            have a serious problem that is making your
            life difficult or unpleasant. This expression is
            used mainly in American English.
            That job has been foisted upon us actually.
            We've got a monkey on our backs of having to
            reveal the character of our candidates, because
            the parties are no longer screening them.
            If you get the monkey ofT your back, you
            put an end to a serious problem that has been
            making your life difficult or unpleasant.
            ‘This is a big monkey off my back,' said
            McEnroe 'It's been so long since I had such a
            big win. ‘
            make a monkey out of someone
            If someone makes a monkey out of you. or
            makes a monkey of you, they make you
            seem ridiculous or stupid.
            If it makes any difference. I'm not here to
            make monkeys out of the police. I'm a cop my
            self.

            As you can gather, there are different strategies
            for every situation. If you follow the proper
                steps, you won't make a monkey of yourself
            in any of them.

            monkey business
            4
            If you refer to someone's activities as monkey
            business, you are suggesting that they
            are dishonest or unacceptable.
            Senator Jose Maria Sala runs the party ma 
            L

            monty

            264

            chine in Catalonia, where the monkey business
            is alleged to have gone on.
            He declares that for better or worse. British
            spies taught the CIA most of what it knows
            about political monkey business in the Third
            World.'

            not give a monkey's
            If you say that you don't give a monkey's
            about something, you mean that you do not
            care about it at all. This is a very informal
            expression, which is used British English.
            Some people consider it offensive.
            They constantly said they would not injure
            the maid or the child because they had children
            of their own, but they said they didn't
            give a monkey's about what they did to me.
            People sometimes put a noun such as ‘cuss'
            after 'monkey's'.
            He seemed to breathe football, and didn't give
            a monkey's cuss for anything he thought was
            pompous or big-headed.

            monkeys
            a cartload of monkeys
            If you say that someone is as cunning or as

            clever as a cartload of monkeys, you are
            emphasizing that they are extremely cunning
            or clever. You can use 'barrel load' or ‘barrel'
            instead of ‘cartload'. This is an old-fashioned
            expression, which is used in British English.
            They are engaging creatures, cunning as a
            cartload of monkeys.
            Madame doesn't have much time for clever
            women, which is queer seeing as she's as clever
            as a barrel load of monkeys herself.

            month
            a month of Sundays: 1
            You say that a period of time seems to last
            for a month of Sundays to emphasize that it
            seems to be very long
            Torrential rain and jet-black skies can make
            each day seem like a month of Sundays.

            a month of Sundays: 2
            If you say that something will not happen in
            a month of Sundays, you are emphasizing
            that it is very unlikely to happen.
            7 think I know what you're about,' he
            growled, 'but it'll never work not in a month

            of Sundays. '

            monty
            the full monty
            the full monte
            If you say that something is the full monty
            or the full monte, you are emphasizing that
            it is as complete or extreme as possible. This
            expression is used in British English.
            Ron choked back the tears and sang 'My


                evince -p 284 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            moon
            Way right through, from the simple piano intro
            to the big orchestral finish, the full monty.
            The band opened with two new songs.
            They're promising the full monty at their two
            Brixton Academy shows.
            '

            moon

            ask for the moon

            4
            cry for the moon
            If you say that someone is asking for the
            moon or is crying for the moon, you mean
            that they are asking for something that they

            cannot

            possibly have.
            We're not asking for the moon, but we are
            asking for some stability so that we can continue
            the progress that has been made and not

            go backwards.
            ‘What I'd like is for my grandson no longer
            to have that need.' 'Then I'm afraid, ' said
            Moira, that you're crying for the moon. '

            at the moon
            howl at the moon

            bay

            If you say that someone is baying at the
            moon, you mean that they are wasting their
            time and energy trying to do something

            which is impossible or to get something
            which they cannot have. You can also say
            that they are howling at the moon
            Asking for improved childcare provision has
            so far proved os fruitful as baying at the

            moon.

            The much vaunted watchdog which was sup
            posed to stop the worst excesses of private own
            ership appears to be reduced to howling vainly

            at the moon.

            once in a blue moon

            4

            Something that happens once in a blue
            moon is very rare and hardly ever happens.
            Only once in a blue moon do properties of
            this quality, style and position become available
            I only get over to Cambridge once in a blue
            moon and I'm never in London.

            over the moon

            444

            If you are over the moon about something,
            you are very happy about it. This expression
            is used mainly in spoken British English.
            I'm over the moon about the way this album

            turned out.
            The couple flew off to Los Angeles last week
            having told friends that they are expecting
            their first baby They are over the moon, I'm
            told

            Promise the moon
            If

            someone

            promises the moon, they prom
            people things that they cannot in
            possibly give them.
            Suc/i over generosity provides no incentive for
            aePosuors to choose their banks carefully and

            Jÿe to give
            ,act

            mould

            265

            every incentive for banks to lure customers by
            promising the moon.

            moth
            like a moth to a flame
            4
            If you say that people are attracted to someone
            or something like moths to a flame, you
            mean that the attraction is so powerful that
            they cannot resist. This expression is very
            variable. For example, you can talk about
            'moths around a flame', or replace 'flame'

            with 'candle'.
            The bright lights of west London drew
            Kharin like a moth to a flame.
            While the women and the priest prefer to lecture
            her on the wages of sin, the menfolk hover
            like moths around a flame, only to meet with
            rejection.

            motions
            go through the motions
            4 44
            If you say that someone is going through
            the motions, you mean that they are doing
            something that they have to do or are expected
            to do, but without any real effort or enthu
            siasm.
            Many of the students who did attend classes
            with any regularity were just going through
            the motions.
            By continuing to go through the motions of

            diplomatic negotiations, we're avoiding really
            dealing with the problem.

            mould
            444
            break the mould
            If someone or something breaks the mould,

            they completely change the way something
            has traditionally been done, and do it in a
            new way. The verbs 'shatter' and 'crack' are

            sometimes used instead of 'break'.
            One of the most dramatic chapters of recent
            British politics was closed yesterday when Dr
            David Owen and his remaining allies voted
            overwhelmingly to wind up the SDP, the or
            ganisation founded nine years ago to break the
            mould of the two-party system
            Mayall would shortly become associated with
            the new vanguard of alternative, left wing com
            tcs who were to break the British comedy
            mould in the late Seventies.
            O You can use mould-breaking to describe
            someone or something that completely
            changes the way something has traditionally
            been done.
            Southwold. a sleepy fishing town on the ex
            treme eastern edge of England, might seem an
            odd place from which to launch a mould
            breaking wine business.
            You can refer to someone who has done
            something in a completely new way as a
            mould-breaker.


                evince -p 285 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            mountain
            She is frequently praised as a mould-breaker:
            in the words of Steve Rider. 'Julie Welch demonstrated
            that a woman's opinion on the game
            is as valid as a man's'
            'Mould' is usually spelled 'mold' in American
            English.

            they broke the mould when they made someone

            If you say that they broke the mould
            when they made someone or something, you
            are emphasizing that the person or thing is
            special or unique, and that there is nobody
            else or nothing else quite like them.
            He is a most remarkable man. They broke the
            mould when they made him.
            You can also just say that they broke the
            mould
            But they don't make them like that any more
            I think they broke the mold.
            ‘Mould' is usually spelled 'mold' in Ameri
            can English.

            -

            mountain
            if Mohammed will not go to the mountain, the mountain must go to Mohammed
            People use expressions such as 'the mountain
            must come to Mohammed' or
            ‘Mohammed comes to the mountain' to say
            that if someone you want to see does not
            come to you. then you must go to them.
            Another member of the RAF staff added that
            all the freed hostage's needs would be met on
            the base The mountain would come to
            Mohammed, he said.
            Fifteen minutes later, Napoleon Chotas was
            ushered into the office of the Prosecuting Attorney.
            ‘Well, ' Demonides said. ‘Mohammed comes
            to the mountain What can I do for you V
            People do not normally use the full expression.
            but refer to it partially or indirectly.
            Rudge admits that the market is very quiet,
            and has decided, on the Mahomet and the
            Mountain principle, to go out and get the cli
            ents.
            Alsop has definitely not gone to the mountain.
            the mountain has strolled over to him and given
            him the work.
            O These expressions are based on a story
            about the prophet Mohammed, who was asked
            to show his power by making Mount Safa
            come to him.

            make a mountain out of a molehill
            If you say that someone is making a mountain
            out of a molehill, you are criticizing
            them because you think that they are making
            a small, unimportant problem seem big and
            important.

            The Kremlin's initial reaction to western re
            mouth

            266

            ports was an attempt to say the West was trying
            to make a mountain out of a molehill.
            People often exploit this expression, for example
            by saying that someone is making
            molehills out of mountains if they are trying
            to make a big, important problem seem
            small and unimportant.
            There has been a family feud going on for the
            last two years. It is so trivial, but it has grown
            from a molehill to a mountain.

            a mountain to climb
            If you say that someone has a mountain to
            mean that it will be difficult for
            them to achieve what they want to achieve.
            This expression is used mainly in British

            climb, you

            English.
            We nearly beat Warrington in the Cup last
            season and although it's a mountain to climb
            we can do it.
            His government has an economic mountain to
            climb. And it has to find a solution to the violence
            in this province.

            mountains
            move mountains
            People sometimes say that something such

            as faith or love can move mountains in order
            to emphasize that it can be a very powerful
            force.

            If faith can move mountains, achieving promotion
            to the Premier League will be a pushover
            for Kevin Keegan this season
            We should all repeat five times a day. 'It is
            possible to change!' With this belief, you can
            move mountains.

            mouth
            all mouth and trousers
            all mouth and no trousers
            If you say that someone is all mouth and
            trousers, you disapprove of the fact that they
            talk a lot about doing something but never actually
            do it. People also say all mouth and
            no trousers, or use other nouns instead of
            ‘trousers'. This expression is used in British
            English.
            He wants to write a play about two Scottish
            brothers, the one a nane-loo successful West of
            Scotland man with vague criminal connections;
            the other a fast talking, London media type, all
            mouth and trousers
            Sandra is all mouth and no talent.
            Sometimes people just say that someone is
            all mouth
            They are all mouth in the name of the cause,
            and are always seen to be saying the right
            thing.

            down in the mouth
            If you feel down in the mouth, you feel

            un

                evince -p 286 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            niouth
            or depressed This expression is used
            in British English
            As for George, I hear he's rather down in the

            happy

            mouth
            in case you are feeling really down in
            and are finding it hard to adopt a
            positive attitude, you must remember a fact of
            vital importance. You are uniquel
            just

            [he mouth,

            foam at the mouth: 1
            ft-oth at the mouth
            If you say that someone is foaming at the
            niouth or is frothing at the mouth, you
            mean that they are very angry
            Stewart was foaming at the mouth about an
            incident at Gooch's private hospital the previ
            ous afternoon,

            It is now taken for granted that 'political cor
            redness' is undesirable. Its mere mention is
            enough to cause journalists to froth at the

            mouth.
            foam at the mouth: 2
            froth at the mouth
            If you say that someone is foaming at the
            mouth or is frothing at the mouth, you
            mean that they are very excited about some
            thing

            At that time the newspaper had foamed at
            the mouth in favour of agreement with Fascist
            countries.
            The news that the team 's top player might be
            up for sale at the end of the season has got
            Premier League bosses frothing at the mouth in
            excitement.

            laugh out of the other side of your
            mouth
            If someone says 'you'll be laughing out of
            the other side of your mouth', they are
            warning you that although you are happy or
            successful at the moment, things are likely to
            go wrong for you in the future. This expression
            is used in American English; the British
            expression is laugh on the other side of
            your face
            ntake your mouth water: 1
            If food makes your mouth water, it looks
            or smells extremely delicious.
            She was bent down getting the casserole from
            the oven. The fragrant steam made his mouth
            teater.
            People also use the much more frequent ad
            Pjective
            mouth-watering to mean the same
            thing
            There are quite a number of cookbooks ;nowa
            that give numerous mouth-watering redPes for meals that satisfy without putting on
            toeight

            •'take your mouth water: 2

            If you say that something makes your
            mouth water, you are emphasizing that it is

            movers

            267

            very attractive or appealing This expression
            is used mainly in journalism.
            London Zoo now has fewer visitors than its
            counterpart in Chester Its site in Regent's
            Park would make any developer's mouth water
            The guitar solo is so luscious it makes my
            mouth water.
            People also use the much more frequent ad
            jective mouth-watering to mean the same
            thing
            The perks that go with the governorship are
            mouth-watering.

            shoot your mouth off: 1
            4
            If you say that someone is shooting their
            mouth off, you are criticizing them for talking
            loudly and boastfully about themselves or
            their opinions.
            He'd been shooting his mouth off saying he
            could sing, when of course, he couldn't.
            He shot off his mouth about the Fascist gov
            emment one Saturday night in his local. That
            weekend was the last time his family saw him

            shoot your mouth off: 2
            If you say that someone has been shooting
            their mouth off about something you are
            criticizing them for talking publicly about
            something which is secret.
            'What if he decides to try for a little more
            money, or to shoot his mouth off around town V
            'I've thought of that Without me to back him
            up with Lonnie's story about the mine explosion,
            the people would only laugh at him. '

            speak out of both sides of your mouth

            talk out of both sides of your mouth
            If you accuse someone of speaking or talking
            out of both sides of their mouth, you

            are criticizing them because in different situa
            tions they give completely different advice or
            opinions, even though they are talking about
            the same thing This expression is used in
            American English.
            This whole thing shows one of Larry's prob
            lems, which is speaking out of both sides of his
            mouth. At Harvard he panders constantly to
            the students with his radical rhetoric. But then.
            in the outer world, he is Laurence Tribe, na
            ttonal figure, who has to pull back from these

            positions.

            movers
            the movers and shakers

            <ÿ*

            If you refer to people as the movers and
            shakers of a particular event, organization.
            or movement, you admire them because they
            are the people who take an active part in it
            and make things happen, or who bring in new
            developments. This expression is used mainly
            in journalism.
            She and her husband, the millionaire author


                evince -p 287 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            mud
            Ken Follett, have become movers and shakers
            behind the scenes Qf the Labour Party.
            Cochran was only 21, but in four short years
            had established himself as one of the movers
            and shakers of ‘50s rock'n'roll.

            mud
            mud sticks

            -4

            If you say that mud sticks, you mean that
            when something bad is said about someone,
            people will continue to believe it, although it
            may have been proved to be completely untrue.
            This expression is used mainly in Brit
            ish English.
            Whether he's innocent or not, some of the
            mud has stuck.
            Unfortunately for Johnson, whatever the outcome
            of the trial, he will never be able to walk
            away from this story without some of the mud
            sticking.

            sling mud

            throw mud

            44

            If you say that one person is slinging mud
            or is throwing mud at another, you disapprove
            of the first person because you think
            that they are trying to spoil the second per
            son's reputation by saying bad things about
            them or by telling lies.
            The elections have been straight personality
            contests, with the candidates slinging as much
            mud at their opponents as they can muster.
            The newspaper and magazine articles that
            followed were especially vicious, with support
            ers of both stars quick to throw mud.

            You can refer to this kind of behaviour as

            mud-slinging
            A fragile truce seemed to be holding last
            night as labour and Tory chiefs ordered an
            end to political mud-slinging.

            a stick-in-the-mud

            music

            268

            4

            If you refer to someone as a stick-in-themud, you disapprove of them because they do
            not like doing new things or having fun.
            I felt sorry for him because he obviously
            wanted to enjoy himself but was married to a
            real stick-in-the-mud.
            It was such a shame many of the guests
            didn't bother to dress up What stick-in-themuds.
            You can use stick-in-the-mud before a

            noun.
            For a brief, glorious period at the beginning
            of this century the Beauvais tapestry workshops
            were shaken from their stick-in-the-mud traditions
            and galvanised into producing new, revolutionary
            designs.
            You can also say that someone sticks in
            the mud
            Some people stick in the mud. they're satisfied
            with the way they are.

            murder
            get away with murder
            44
            If you say that someone gets away with
            murder, you are complaining that they seem
            to be able to do whatever they like without
            anyone trying to control, punish, or criticize
            them.
            His charm and the fact that he is so likeable
            often allows him to get away with murder
            British firms are being clobbered time and
            again by this power-hungry Commission when
            continental firms get away with economic murdm
            It's hard for old women to travel. If you're a
            man you can get away with murder Everywhere
            you go you're made welcome. But a single
            woman, no way!
            scream blue murder
            scream bloody murder
            If you say that someone is screaming blue
            murder or screaming bloody murder, you
            mean that they are making a lot of noise or
            fuss about something Other verbs can be
            used instead of 'scream'. 'Scream blue murder'
            is used only in British English.
            People are screaming blue murder about the
            amount of traffic going through their town.
            On the one hand, the politicians want to be
            told what the policy is and the president to
            have a strong voice. On the other hand, they
            would scream bloody murder if they weren't
            consulted.
            The lads push forward, shrieking blue murder,
            kicking down barriers, till they reach the
            high perspex wall that separates the gangs.

            muscles
            flex your muscles
            444
            flex your muscle
            If people or organizations flex their muscles,
            they behave in a way intended to show
            that they have power and are considering
            using it. You can also say that people or organizations
            flex their muscle
            The National Party is certainly flexing its
            muscles in the early days of this new Govern
            ment.
            It's time to flex your muscles and show the
            world what you are capable of.
            The miners' actions last year seem to have encouraged
            workers in the oil industry to flex
            their industrial muscle.

            music
            face the music

            44

            If you face the music, you accept responsibility
            for something that you have done
            wrong and you prepare yourself to be criticized
            or punished for it.
            There was no need for an explanation. We


                evince -p 288 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            mustard
            were foreigners in a forbidden area, the
            authorities had found out and we were about

            to face the music.
            I know the police aren't likely to think of
            looking for me here in the Regency-Ritz, but l
            can't hole up here forever. Sooner or later. I'm
            going to have to face the music.

            music to your ears

            44

            If you say that something is music to your
            ears, you mean that it makes you feel very
            happy when you hear it, for example because

            you have been hoping or waiting to hear it
            for a long time,
            Old Judge Lebrun's words were music to the
            ears of a twenty nine-year-old lawyer who had
            just won the first important case she had ever
            pleaded as leading barrister.
            'There'll be another big bonus in it for you. '
            'Music to my ears. '

            mustard
            not cut the mustard

            nail

            269

            4

            If you say that someone doesn't cut the
            mustard, you mean that their work or perfor
            mance is not as good as it should be.
            Is it possible. I ask with some trepidation,
            that Potter may be a fine writer but as a director,
            certainly of his own material, he doesn't
            quite cut the mustard?
            You have to be on form every week and peo
            pie soon start noticing if you're not cutting the
            mustard.
            You say that someone can cut the mustard
            to emphasize that their work or performance
            is as good as or better than you expected it to

            be

            The first backstage reports are that Sarah is
            okay. She has great presence and can really cut
            the mustard.

            muster
            pass muster

            44

            If someone or something passes muster.
            they are considered to be satisfactory for a
            particular purpose or job. This expression is
            used mainly in written English.
            / had but one fellow traveller for a moment,
            a Frenchman who, finding that l could not
            pass muster in his language, mercifully left me
            in search of more congenial company.
            Only Azerbaijan has yet to fulfill all the
            membership requirements, but it is expected to
            pass muster soon.

            mutton
            4
            mutton dressed as lamb
            If someone describes a middle-aged or old

            woman as mutton dressed as lamb or mutton
            dressed up as lamb, they disapprove of
            her because she dresses in a style which they
            consider suitable only for younger women.
            This expression is used in British English.
            You would never be able to describe her as
            mutton dressed up as lamb because she obviously
            still feels young and fresh in herself so
            she carries off the look extremely well.
            O This expression is occasionally applied to
            things rather than people, in order to suggest
            that something old is being falsely made to
            look new.
            Union leader. Jim Thomas described the
            move as ‘mutton dressed up as lamb". He said
            the jobs were not new but part of a relocation
            deal with Germany, in which the UK lost more
            jobs than were gained.
            People sometimes exploit this expression,
            for example by replacing ‘lamb' with another

            noun.
            This mutton dressed as lamentable science
            was sandwiched between the proceedings of a
            conference on chaos theory.

            N
            nail
            another nail in the coffin
            the last nail in the coffin
            the final nail in the coffin
            444
            If you say that an event is another nail in
            the coffin of something or someone, you
            mean that it is the latest in a series of events
            which are seriously harming that thing or
            Person.
            The vote is another nail in the coffin of the
            cne-party system which the country has now
            ‘argely renounced.

            The President took the blame for the chaos

            and it became another nail in the
            regime.

            coffin of his

            If you say that an event is the last nail or
            the final nail in the coffin of something, you
            mean that it finally destroys that thing. If you
            say that an event is the last nail or the final
            nail in the coffin for a person, you mean
            that it finally puts an end to that person's
            hopes or plans.
            Historians may well record the past three
            days in Moscow as driving the final nail into
            the coffin of more than seventy years of Soviet
            communism.
            Another rise in the already crippling interest


                evince -p 289 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            name

            name

            270

            rales would be the final nail in the coffin for millions
            of home owners whose mortgage is already

            portant aspect of the activity that you are
            talking about.
            In the current economic climate, survival is

            4
            hit the nail on the head
            If someone makes a comment and you say
            that they have hit the nail on the head, you
            mean that they have described a situation or

            the name of the game.
            The name of our game is to provide a quality
            product to the consumer at a fair price.
            Having fun in the sun, and forgetting about
            tomorrow, is the name of this particular game.
            And a lot of people out there are playing it for
            all they are worth.

            worth more than their home.

            problem exactly.
            'It really reflects badly on the state of our
            game when so many top clubs are queuing up
            to pay £3 million for an average player. Foot
            ball clearly doesn't understand the value of
            money anymore.' ‘You've hit the nail right on
            the head. '
            I agree with Dr Carey, everything he says. I
            think he's hit the nail right on the head.

            If you say that someone or something is a
            name to conjure with, you mean that they
            are very important, influential, or memorable.
            This expression is used mainly in British
            English.

            His partners are serious about his potential

            on the nail:1
            If you pay cash on the nail for something,
            you pay for it immediately and in cash. This
            expression is used in British English, the
            American expression is on the barrelhead.
            You have to pay cash on the nail sometimes,
            and this was one of them.
            If you pay money on the nail, you pay it
            at exactly the time you are supposed to.
            The Marwood family has subsequently said
            that the money was never repaid but Violet,
            who was handling Ford's affairs, said it was,
            and on the nail.

            on the nail: 2
            hit it on the nail
            If you talk about a particular time or
            amount on the nail, you mean that time or
            amount exactly. If you say that someone has
            hit it on the nail, you mean that they have
            described a situation exactly.
            'When did Captain Schmidt come to see you?"
            ‘Six o'clock, just about on the nail. ‘
            'It sounds as if he almost depended on you as
            much as you depended on him. ' ‘You just hit it
            on the nail. '

            name
            444
            make a name for yourself
            If you say that someone has made a name
            for themselves by doing a particular thing,
            you mean that they have become famous or
            well-known as a result of doing that thing.
            Diane Abbott has made a name for herself as

            a hardworking MP.
            Mel Fisher has made a name for himself

            hunting for and finding underwater treasure
            off the Florida Keys.

            In the early '70s. this cartoon strip made a
            name for itself by attacking the Nixon administration.

            the name of the game

            a name to conjure with

            -4-4-4

            If you say that something is the name of
            the game, you mean that it is the most im
            as a name to conjure with in the scent market.
            Bugattis. Bentleys, Ferraris - motoring names
            to conjure with, and all part of a breath taking
            display of classic cars.
            not have a penny to your name
            not have a cent to your name
            If you say that someone hasn't a penny to
            their name or hasn't a cent to their name,
            you are emphasizing that they have very little
            money.
            He didn't have a penny to his name.
            My baby will end up a helpless old man without
            a cent to his name.
            If someone has a certain amount of money
            to their name, that is the amount of money
            that they have.
            In 1990, with only $500 to her name, she landed
            a $33,000-a iveek contract.

            take someone's name in vain
            If someone says that another person takes
            God's name in vain, they mean that the person
            uses it disrespectfully, especially by
            swearing.
            He persevered, and always gently corrected us
            when we took the Lord's name in vain.
            You can say that someone is taking another
            person's or a thing's name in vain when
            you think that they are using them for their
            own purposes in an inappropriate or disrespectful
            way.
            The minister for science cited Green's work as
            an example of good British research. Green
            feels that his name was being taken in vain.
            'There is a tremendous amount of bitterness at
            what has been done by the government,' he
            says 'If there has been good research, it hasÿ
            been in spite of what the government has done-'

            your name is mud

            If you say that someone's name is mud, you
            mean that they have said or done something
            which has made them very unpopular with a
            particular group of people.


                evince -p 290 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            names
            His name has been mud at the Telegraph
            since he left to work for a rival newspaper.

            names
            call someone names
            If someone calls you

            444

            names, they use insulting
            words or expressions to describe you
            when they are talking to you or about you.
            At my last school they called me names because
            I was so slow.
            Did anybody ever give you any trouble, yell
            at you, call you names?
            They had. among other things, called her
            rude names and stuck lewd pictures on the fire

            station's walls.

            You can describe this behaviour as name
            calling

            The newspaper's political stance at the moment
            consists of little more than name<alling.
            It's a silly name that people like you call us. I
            grew out of name calling at school.

            napping
            4
            catch someone napping
            If someone is caught napping, they are not

            prepared for something that happens, and perhaps
            lose an advantage as a result.
            The security services were clearly caught napping
            and their immediate reaction was to detain
            large numbers of people, many apparently
            with little or no connection with the actual
            plot.
            European firms have been caught napping.
            As a result, they now control barely one-tenth
            of the world market for semiconductors, while
            fast moving Japanese firms control nearly half
            of it

            nature
            the nature of the beast

            4

            If you say that something is the nature of
            the beast, you mean that it is an essential
            Part of the character of the person or thing
            that you are talking about.
            Baker likes to say that negotiations always
            get tougher towards the end. That's the very
            nature of the beast.
            D If you say that someone knows or understands
            the nature of the beast, you mean
            that they know or understand a particular
            Person or thing very well.
            Having served as Secretary of State for Edu
            caticn in Edward Heath's government, she
            knew the nature of the beast.
            did he join the army in the first place,
            he must have been aware of the nature af

            fnenbeast?

            lhe

            neck

            271

            navel
            navel-gazing
            navel-contemplation
            gaze at your navel
            contemplate your navel
            4
            If you accuse someone of navel-gazing or
            navel-contemplation, you are criticizing
            them for thinking only about themselves and
            their own problems or activities, rather than
            concerning themselves with the problems or
            activities of other people.
            I'm very good at motivating people to do
            things, so I'm a doer rather than a thinker.
            I've never really done much navel gazing!
            Not even the cruellest critic of the British art
            world could accuse this autumn's exhibitions of
            insularity. Navel contemplation has been ban
            ished, and horizons extended to some of the
            most remote regions of the world.
            O Navel-gazing can be used before a noun.
            The film is a sort of navel-gazuig look at Hoi
            lywood.
            You can also say that someone gazes at
            their navel or contemplates their navel.
            The Institute has always been famous for contemplating
            its own navel.

            near
            so near and yet so far

            4

            You say so near and yet so far or so near
            yet so far to express regret or sadness when
            you have got very close to achieving what
            you wanted, but in the end you just failed.
            Manager Jim Smith admitted that to have
            victory snatched away in such a desperate
            manner was a crushing experience 'It's heart
            breaking to be so near, yet so far. ' he said.

            neck
            4
            breathe down someone's neck: 1
            In a race, contest, or other competitive
            situation, if someone is breathing down your
            neck, they are close behind you and may
            soon catch up with you or beat you.

            I took the lead with Colin Chapman breath
            ing down my neck in his Lotus Eleven.
            No doubt Jones and Armstrong maintain a
            consistently high standard because both have
            talented rivals breathing down their necks.
            4
            breathe down someone's neck: 2
            If you say that someone is breathing down
            your neck, you mean that they are closely

            watching and checking everything that you
            do.

            Most farmers have bank managers breathing
            down their necks, so everything has to have an
            economic

            reason.

            Lawyers have been working into the night to
            complete legal documents, with civil servants
            breathing down their necks.


                evince -p 291 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            neck
            dead from the neck up
            In British English, if you say that someone
            is dead from the neck up, you are saying
            very rudely that they are stupid. If you say
            that something is dead from the neck up,
            you mean that it is not intellectually challenging
            or original in any way 'Upwards' can be
            used instead of ‘up'.
            Your driver just sat there. He had never considered
            the prospect of kidnapping, of having
            to take evasive action If you want my opinion,
            your driver was dead from the neck up.
            The debate on Labour's future has been dead
            from the neck upwards. It has utterly failed to
            excite the party, let alone the country.

            get it in the neck

            4

            If someone gets it in the neck, they are
            punished or strongly criticized for something
            wrong that they have done. This expression is
            used in British English.
            This film is an attack on the media, especially
            the television news media. It's quite nice to
            see them get it in the neck for once.
            444
            neck and neck
            In a race or contest, if two competitors are
            neck and neck, they are exactly level with
            each other, so that it is impossible to say who

            will win
            The latest opinion polls show both parties
            running neck and neck.
            Leeds are currently neck-and neck with Man
            Chester United for the Championship.
            You can use neck and neck before a noun.
            Philippe Jeantot of France and the South African
            John Martin are involved in a neck and
            neck race to finish second across the line.

            risk your neck

            4

            If you do something dangerous which could
            result in your being killed or injured, you can
            say that you risk your neck doing it.
            Drew even insisted on doing her own stunt
            riding. She risked her neck in one scene when
            she had to ride over a fence, guns blazing, before
            ducking under an arch.
            I won't have him risking his neck on that
            motorcycle.

            stick your neck out

            needle

            272

            44

            If you stick your neck out you say or do
            something which other people are afraid to
            say or do, even though this may cause trouble
            or difficulty for you.
            First of all. I'll stick my neck out here and I
            will say that Aston Villa won't go into the Second
            Division next season.
            At the risk of sticking my neck out, I doubt
            whether the compensation fund will be needed.
            up to your neck
            44
            If you say that someone is up to their neck

            in something bad such as debt or corruption,
            you mean that they are very deeply involved
            in it
            The city appeared to be constantly either hovering
            on the brink of financial ruin or up to its
            neck in allegations of corruption.
            The Prime Minister was up to his neck in
            scandal.
            He is in the cocaine traffic right up to his
            neck.

            wring someone's neck
            4
            If you are very angry with someone, you
            can say that you would like to wring their
            neck.
            That crazy Dot! He could wring her neck for
            this! She had no right to tell tales to his mother!
            I still love you even though I'd like to wring
            your neck.

            your neck of the woods
            4
            You can refer to the place where you live as
            your neck of the woods.
            I discovered, however, that stone troughs were
            pretty scarce in my neck of the woods and expensive
            as well
            You can ref er to the place where you are at
            the moment as this neck of the woods
            Now, in this neck of the woods at least, wellsupported new plays are to be seen from new

            and established companies
            What's there to do in this neck of the woods?

            needle
            like looking for a needle in a haystack
            4

            If you say that trying to find something is
            like looking for a needle in a haystack.
            you mean that it is extremely difficult or even
            impossible to find it
            Police have told Mrs Barrow that searching
            for the dog will be like looking for a needle in
            a haystack. She agrees that once a greyhound
            has disappeared, the chances of recovering the
            animal are slim.
            O People often extend or vary this expression.
            For example, if you say that looking for something
            is like looking for a needle in several
            haystacks, you are emphasizing that you are
            very unlikely indeed to find it.
            Finding a gene amongst the hundreds of
            thousands of genes contained on a chromosome
            is rather like looking for a needle in several
            haystacks.
            Then of course we've got to find the antibody
            that we want, and that's the problem with the
            new technology. It's really like the needle in the
            haystack. We've got to go through the haystack,
            straw by straw, pulling out the needle.

            1


                evince -p 292 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            nelly
            nelly

            not on your nelly

            You can say ‘not on your nelly' to emphasize
            that there is no chance at all of something
            happening. This is a rather old
            fashioned expression, which is used in British
            English.
            ‘If you've got something to say, then come out
            with it, or, better still, come in and see me.'
            ‘Not on your nelly. You've done nothing about
            our Kev. You're as twisted as the other lot.'
            They finally become adults, thanks to all your
            hard work, and do they turn up for mum's
            birthday? Not on your nellie.
            ‘Nelly' is sometimes spelled ‘nellie'.

            nerve
            touch a nerve
            strike a raw nerve
            hit a nerve
            If something that you say touches a

            444

            nerve

            or touches a raw nerve, it upsets someone,
            because you have mentioned a subject that
            they feel strongly about or are very sensitive
            about. You can also say that it strikes or hits
            a nerve or a raw nerve.
            Buchanan's speech touched a raw nerve here
            at the Capitol.
            She seemed to strike a nerve when she asked
            Dr. Lowe about his past life.
            Those remarks hit a raw nerve with congressional
            Democrats, drawing an angry response
            from Senate Majority Leader George Mitchell
            of Maine.
            D You can also talk about a remark finding

            or exposing a raw nerve.

            In making their call for a neutral inspection
            team, the government have exercised their tal
            ent for finding a raw nerve, as doubts have
            been raised about the neutrality of some qf the

            weapons inspectors.
            Every raw nerve had been exposed.

            nerves
            a bundle of nerves
            a bag of nerves
            4
            If you say that someone is a bundle of
            nerves, you mean that they are extremely
            nervous, worried, or tense. In British English,
            you can also say that they are a bag of

            nerves

            What's the matter? You're a bundle of nerves.
            When we met, l was such a bag of nerves. I
            had no confidence in myself at all.
            Bet on someone's nerves
            444
            If you say that someone or something gets
            on your nerves, you mean that they annoy or

            irritate you.

            nest

            273

            It was so hot, and there we were, just cooped
            up together, getting on each other's nerves.
            The phone used to get on my nerves - people
            ringing him at home as if it was an extension
            of the office.
            live on your nerves
            live on your nerve ends
            If you say that someone is living on their
            nerves or living on their nerve ends, you
            mean that they are always worried and anxious.
            because they are in a difficult situation.
            These expressions are used in British English.
            Once this is all over and done with I've told
            her she's to go into the clinic for a complete
            rest to get her strength back, because she's living
            on her nerves
            There are times of such depression. ' says Mrs
            Velic, who lived on her nerves for two months
            after escaping Sarajevo in October.

            a war of nerves
            a battle of nerves

            44

            If two opposing people or groups are carry
            ing on a war of nerves or a battle of
            nerves, they are trying to weaken each other
            psychologically, for example by frightening
            each other, in order to get what they want
            without taking any direct action
            Iraqi officials insist they did not back down
            in the latest war of nerves with the US and its
            allies.
            There may be a truce in the long war of
            nerves between the White House and Congress
            over how this country conducts secret intelli
            gence operations abroad.
            In what is increasingly becoming a battle of
            nerves, the drug barons have increased pres
            sure on the government.

            nest
            4
            feather your nest
            If you accuse someone at feathering their
            nest, you are accusing them of taking ad van

            tage of their position in order to get a lot of
            money, so that they can lead a comfortable

            liftThe politicians seem anxious to feather their
            nests at the expense of the people.
            It wasn't done to feather his own nest, it was
            for his son.
            fly the nest

            leave the nest

            4

            When children fly the nest or leave the
            nest, they leave their parents' home to live on
            their own. Compare fly the coop: see coop.
            One day the children are going to fly the nest
            and have their own lives.
            When their children had flown the nest, he
            and his wife moved to a thatched cottage in
            Dorset.
            Catherine is soon to leave the nest: tired of


                evince -p 293 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            net
            London life, she's

            friend.

            news

            274

            off to the Sorbonne with a

            foul your own nest
            If you say that someone has fouled their
            own nest, you mean that they have done
            something which damages their own interests
            or chances of success. This is a literary ex
            pression.

            Man has invented a hundred brilliant ways
            - the grime, the pollution,
            the heat, the poisons in the air, the metals
            in the water.

            of fouling his own nest

            a nest egg

            444

            A nest egg is a sum of money that you are
            saving for a particular purpose.
            All he wanted was a few months decent money
            to help him retire. He thought this was his
            last chance to build a nest egg.
            He collected about $450m as a retirement
            nest-egg when he sold most of his controlling
            stake to Canadian Pacific.

            net
            cast a wide net
            cast the net wider

            44

            If you cast a wide net, you involve a large
            number of things or people in what you are
            doing. If you cast the net wider, you increase
            the number of things or people that
            are involved. These expressions can be varied;
            for example, you can use 'spread' instead of
            'cast'.
            The U.S. has cast a wide diplomatic net, asking
            a variety of other nations to deliver the
            same message to Iran and to Syria.
            We will cast the net wider to look at many
            other factors too.
            In 1952 and 1953 I made my first intelligence
            contacts with the British and French. Later, in
            Ixmdon. I was able to spread my net wider.
            This is an ambitious book that casts its net
            over a wide range of subjects.
            slip through the net; 1
            fall through the net
            44
            If people slip through the net or fall
            through the net, the system which is supposed
            to help or deal with them does not do it
            properly. These expressions are used in British
            English; the American expression is fall
            through the cracks
            It's hard to knock the selection process because
            the chances of any young talent slipping
            through the net are so minimal.
            Ninety-one per cent of GPs believed patients
            would fall through the net under the system.
            Vulnerable adults may be slipping through
            the social work net.
            slip through the net: 2
            4
            If someone who is behaving illegally slips

            through the net, they avoid being caught by
            the system or trap that is meant to catch
            them. This expression is used mainly in British
            English.
            Government officials fear some of the thugs
            identified by British police may have slipped
            through the net.
            D If illegal goods slip through the net, the
            system which is meant to discover them does
            not find them.
            A shipment of 44 kilos of cocaine slipped
            through the customs net at Gatwick
            You can use other verbs instead of 'slip'.
            We have an exceptionally comprehensive drug
            detecting system. I would hope that there is
            nothing that would get through the net, but
            one cant be so confident that there isn't something
            that we would miss.

            nettle
            grasp the nettle
            44
            If someone grasps the nettle, they deal
            with a problem or unpleasant task quickly
            and in a determined way. This expression is
            used mainly in British English.
            It's better to grasp the nettle, speak to your
            superior and make it clear you regret your mistake
            and are determined it will never happen
            again.
            Some industrialists believe the government
            should grasp the nettle of devaluation before
            the referendum.

            news
            be news to someone
            44
            If someone says something and you say that
            it is news to you, you mean that you did not
            know about it previously. You usually use
            this expression to express surprise at what
            has been said, or to suggest that it may not be

            true.
            When he was told about the story, the governor
            said it was news to him.
            ‘I'm a very experienced babysitter,' she said
            quickly. ‘I've had lots of child-care experience
            back home. ' This was news to me. As far as I
            could tell, Pat hardly knew the difference between
            a baby and a bottle of ketchup.
            4
            no news is good news
            If someone is waiting for information about
            a situation and they do not hear anything,
            you can say to them ‘no news is good news*.
            This is a way of saying that there is no need
            to worry, because people normally only send
            information when something bad has happened.
            1 had heard nothing all week. 'Oh well,' l
            thought. ‘No news is good news. '
            O People often exploit this expression, for example
            by saying that no news is bad news.


                evince -p 294 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            nice
            This is a way of saying that a Lack of infor
            mation about something is worrying.
            People always suspect that no news is bad

            news.
            No news is not always good news.

            nice
            nice as pie

            If you say that someone is as nice as pie,
            you mean that they are very kind, friendly,
            and charming You usually say this when
            their behaviour is not what you expect, or
            when it contrasts with their behaviour at other
            times. Compare sweet as pie, see sweet.
            He is nice as pie when you meet him. then
            you hear he is going around bad-mouthing
            you.

            niche
            carve a niche

            44

            If you carve a niche for yourself or carve
            out a niche, you create a secure position for
            yourself, especially at work.
            He has carved a niche for himself as an ABC
            television commentator and is certain to be retained
            provided the network continues to
            broadcast Saturday matches.
            The firm is carving out what could be a lucrative
            niche in the market for microprocessors.

            nick
            in the nick of time

            44

            If you say that something happens in the
            nick of time, you mean that it happens at the
            last possible moment, when it is almost too
            late.
            She woke up in the nick of time and raised
            the alarm.
            You were just in the nick of time. I was near
            ly suffocated.

            nickel
            nickel and dime:1

            4

            If you describe someone or something as
            nickel and dime, you mean that they are not
            very important or only function on a small
            scale. 'Nickels and dimes' and 'nickel-dime'
            are also used with the same meaning. These
            expressions are used in American English.
            The boss is dead and now every nickel and
            dime drug dealer and money launderer can
            come in here and ply his trade.
            It's only a nickels and dimes business.
            It's nickel-dime stuff, though compared to
            what you and Michael have to deal with.

            nickel and dime: 2

            nines

            275

            4

            If you accuse a person erf" nickel and
            ‘liming someone or something you are criticizing
            that person for weakening or exhaust

            ing them, for example by continually taking
            small amounts of money away from them, or
            by continually making small changes or requests.
            This expression is used in American
            English.
            Larger spending cuts are often easier to swal
            low than smaller ones. It's easier to carve out a
            chunk someplace and meet your target than it
            is to nickel and dime everyone and have everybody
            angry at you.
            Oakland, like other cities, has been reeling
            from financial crisis and consequently has been
            nickel-and-diming essential services for years.
            The price tag was becoming more than the
            budget could absorb. A fundamentally solid
            idea was about to be nickeled and dimed to
            death.

            a wooden nickel
            If you refer to something as a wooden nickel,
            you mean that it is completely false or
            worthless. This expression is used in Ameri
            can English.

            He looked at the card as though it were a
            wooden nickel 'That doesn't prove a thing.' he
            said.

            night
            a night owl

            4

            If you describe someone as a night owl, you
            mean that they regularly stay up late at
            night, or prefer to work late at night.
            Behind Madrid's historical facades is the vibrant,
            beating heart of a city which will test
            even the most energetic night owl
            The street noise and late-night parties make
            this hotel a haven for night owls.

            ninepins
            fall like ninepins

            4

            If you say that things are falling like ninepins,
            you mean that they are rapidly being
            damaged or destroyed, one after another. ‘Go
            down' and 'drop' can be used instead of Tali'.
            This expression is used in British English.
            Conservative council seats fill like ninepins.
            There was a time when Liverpool players never
            seemed to get injured, but now they are going
            down like ninepins.

            nines
            4
            dress to the nines
            If you say that someone is dressed to the
            nines or is dressed up to the nines, you
            mean that they are wearing very smart or

            glamorous clothes. This expression is
            used to suggest that someone is dressed
            exaggerated or inappropriate way.
            Everyone is dressed up to the nines.
            hats, frills, tight dresses, sequins and

            heels.

            often
            in an

            Huge
            high


                evince -p 295 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            nineteen
            They dress to the nines when they go out on
            the town.
            D In British English, you can also say that
            someone is done up to the nines or is
            togged up to the nines.
            You're more likely to find the genuine rogue
            done up to the nines in an Armani suit.
            They're off to some night spot, all togged up
            to the nines.

            nineteen
            talk nineteen to the dozen
            If you say that someone is talking nineteen
            to the dozen, you mean that they are talking
            very quickly, without pausing. This expression
            is used in British English.
            Ms Wallace visited them on February 28th
            and found them 'vivacious and chatty and talking
            nineteen to the dozen '.

            nip
            nip and tuck
            4
            In a competition or contest, if it is nip and
            tuck, it is impossible to say who will win because
            both sides are performing equally well.
            It was nip and tuck throughout as the players
            struck the ball with equal venom.
            It was nip-and-tuck from start to finish.

            nits
            pick nits
            If you say that someone is picking nits, you

            mean that they are pointing out small problems
            or faults with something, often ones
            which seem relatively unimportant.
            Like many people who have been in the field
            for decades, he has some nits to pick with some
            of the recent trends in wailing tables.
            He then spent the second half of his intervention
            picking nits, particularly about the environmental
            impact for 'the beautiful' Bluebell
            Hill
            The verb ‘nitpick' has a similar meaning,
            and there is also a much more frequent word
            ‘nitpicking'. These words are generally used
            more disapprovingly than 'pick nits', to express
            criticism of someone who is deliberately
            trying to find faults.

            noises

            276

            We'll hold off interviewing Hythe any further
            until we get the nod from you.
            D This expression can be varied. For example,
            if you are waiting for the nod from
            someone, you are waiting for them to give
            you permission or to promise support. If you
            have the nod, you have been given permission
            or have been promised support.
            We're waiting for the nod from the Secretary
            General.
            GK already holds 28.5 per cent that it bought
            from Whitbread Investment Company and has
            the nod from them for a further 14.9 per cent.

            a nod and a wink
            If someone gives you a nod and a

            you mean that it is not necessary to explain
            something further, because you understand
            what someone has already signalled to you or
            told you indirectly.

            on the nod
            If a proposal goes through on the nod. it is
            accepted without being questioned or argued
            about. This expression is used in British English.
            Once upon a time, the matter would have
            gone through on the nod. but no longer. After
            an hour and a half of reportedly angry discussion,
            the council's housing commission said no.
            The party cannot be seen to let the treaty
            through on the nod.

            nod

            noises

            someone the nod
            get the nod
            444
            If someone gives you the nod, they give
            you permission to go ahead with something,
            or they promise you their support. You can
            also say that you get the nod from them.

            make noises

            give

            The summit will probably give the nod to the
            idea of a Community-wide strategy for econom
            ic growth.

            4

            wink,
            they communicate something to you by saying
            it indirectly or by giving you some kind
            of signal. This expression is usually used to
            show disapproval, often because something illegal
            or dishonest is taking place. This expression
            is used in British English.
            The newspaper report suggested that he had
            given a 'nod and wink' for machine tool makers
            to break the spirit of the arms embargo by
            emphasising that their equipment was for
            peaceful and not military purposes.
            A nod and a wink from the chairman is all it
            takes to move share prices up or down.
            You can say that someone uses a nod and
            wink approach.
            There has been so-called hod and wink' diplomacy
            on the sidelines.
            If you say ‘a nod's as good as a wink',

            44

            If you say that someone is making noises
            about something, you mean that they are talking
            about it in a vague, indirect or indefinite
            way.

            John Major has been making noises about
            making government more open.
            During his 18th year Paul's mother had started
            making noises about it being time for him


                evince -p 296 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            nooks
            to leave home, something which worried him a

            great deal.

            You can show what kind of impression
            is trying to create by putting an adjective
            before 'noises'.
            He made all sorts of encouraging noises that
            he would love Scotland to stage the European
            Championships.
            He bought 20 per cent of Mr Rowland's international
            holding company Lonrho, and then
            made threatening noises about taking it over.

            someone

            make the right noises

            nose

            277

            4

            If you say that someone is making the
            right noises about a problem or issue, you
            mean that their remarks suggest that they
            will deal with the situation in the way that
            you want them to.
            The company is making the right noises
            about further cuts in costs and capital expendi
            lure, and the disposal of noncore businesses.
            The President was making all the right
            noises about multi-party democracy and human
            rights.

            nooks
            the nooks and crannies
            every nook and cranny
            444
            If you talk about the nooks and crannies
            of a place or object, you are talking about the
            smaller or less accessible parts which are not
            normally noticed. If you talk about every
            nook and cranny, you are emphasizing that
            you mean all parts of a place or object.
            In the weeks before Christmas, we would
            scour the house, searching all the nooks and
            crannies trying to find our presents.
            That would explain why all these guys are so
            eager to get hold of our boat It's full of nooks
            and crannies where it would be easy for a
            smuggler to sneak stiff through customs.
            / do love how he knows every nook and cranny
            of Venice and can speak such good Italian.

            nose
            cut off your nose to spite your face
            If you say that someone is cutting off their
            nose to spite their face, you mean they are

            doing something in order to hurt another person,
            without realizing or caring that they will
            hurt themselves just as much or even more.
            It is clear that while the manager would not
            be prepared to cut off his nose to spite his face
            by leaving out the centre-half, he is concerned
            that the player should realise the error of his
            ways.

            follow your nose:1
            If you follow your nose, you make decisions
            and behave in a particular way because

            should do, rather than because you are following
            any guidelines or rules.
            I'd started a bit of journalism, so I had a
            source of income. And I've just followed my
            nose doing that ever since.
            There was a feeling that people in the institutes
            were just following their noses and not
            doing anything that was relevant.

            follow your nose: 2
            If someone tells you to follow your nose
            when you are looking for a place, they are

            telling you to go straight ahead, or to follow
            the most obvious route.
            More or less follow your nose till you come to
            Marks and Spencer's. Bear right there. And it's
            there.

            get up someone's nose

            44

            If you say that something or someone gets
            up your nose, you mean that they irritate
            you a great deal. This is an informal ex pres
            sion, which is used mainly in British English.
            Imagine my surprise when I contacted the
            dealers and was told 'Sorry, it will not arrive
            until February 10.' What really gets up my
            nose is that all I want is a standard white car
            This producer looks as if he's going to get up
            everybody's nose. He has only been here for a
            few hours and already he has been babbling
            about 'discipline' to Annie
            give someone a bloody nose: 1
            get a bloody nose
            bloody someone's nose
            4
            In a contest or competition, if one side is
            given a bloody nose, it is defeated in a way
            that does not cause permanent damage but
            makes it look foolish or inferior. You can also
            say that it gets, receives, or has a bloody
            nose. These expressions are mostly used in
            written English.
            Most are so fed up with this current attack
            on the elderly they are threatening to give the
            Government more than a bloody nose in the
            forthcoming by-election.
            O You can also say that one side in a contest
            bloodies the nose of the other side.
            A full-scale ambush is almost certainly beyond
            the Welsh team. But they'll be looking for
            a few opportunities to bloody English noses, all
            the same.

            give someone a bloody nose: 2
            get a bloody nose
            In a war or conflict, if one side is given a

            bloody nose, it is damaged sufficiently to

            cause it to withdraw, at least for a time. You
            can also say that one side gets, receives, or
            has a bloody nose These expressions are

            used mainly in written English
            Giving the national army a bloody nose is
            one thing. Taking on its full might is another.


                evince -p 297 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            nose
            D You can also say that one side in a conflict
            bloodies the nose of the other side.
            He never forgave the rebels for bloodying the
            nose of the army he sent against them in 1979.
            4
            keep your nose clean
            If you keep your nose clean, you behave
            well and avoid trouble.
            Most of them have done nothing brave or remarkable.
            They have merely done their jobs
            properly, kept their noses clean and have already
            been amply rewarded by hefty salaries.
            The best advice l can give is tell you to keep
            your nose clean.
            keep your nose out of something
            If someone tells you to keep your nose out
            of something, they are telling you rather
            rudely not to interfere in it, because it does
            not concern you. Compare poke your nose

            into something.
            Nancy realized that this was his way of telling
            her to keep her nose out of his business.
            The libertarians wilt try to argue that the
            government should keep its hand out of Americans'
            wallets and its nose out of their bedrooms.
            keep your nose to the grindstone

            nose

            278

            4

            If you keep your nose to the grindstone,
            you concentrate on working hard at your job,
            and do not concern yourself with other
            things.

            There is more to life than keeping one's nose
            to the grindstone and saving for a rainy day.
            He told the accountants to get back to the
            grindstone and try to figure out a way to show

            a profit.

            lead someone by the nose
            If someone leads you by the nose or leads

            you around by the nose, they control you
            completely so that you do whatever they
            want. This expression is often used to suggest
            that the person being led is foolish or wrong
            to let this happen.
            The Government has let itself be led by the
            nose by the timber trade into suppressing the
            report for the narrow commercial advantage of
            those involved.

            look down your nose at something 44
            If you say that someone looks down their
            nose at a thing or person, you mean that
            they regard that thing or person as inferior
            and treat them with scorn or disrespect. You
            use this expression to show disapproval of
            this attitude.
            If anyone leaves my shop feeling that we'd
            looked down our noses at them for not buying
            expensive cheese, I would be very ashamed.
            The minister and his intellectual friends still
            look down their noses at Disneyland and the
            American soap operas such as Santa Barbara.

            a nose for something

            44

            If you say that someone has a nose for
            something, you mean that they have a natural
            talent for finding it.
            He had a nose for trouble and a brilliant tactical
            mind.
            Harry runs his own news agency in the
            north. He has a well-trained nose for a story.
            How does he rate a good record over an indifferent
            one? ‘You just feel it, somehow, if it's
            good ' he says. 'You develop a nose for it '

            not see beyond your nose
            not see beyond the end of your nose
            If you say that someone can't see beyond
            their nose, or can't see beyond the end of
            their nose, you are criticizing them for thinking
            only about themselves and their immediate
            needs, rather than about other people or
            wider and longer-term issues. You can replace
            'beyond' with 'further than', and 'see' with
            other verbs.
            We want our people to be able to see beyond
            their own noses and to keep things in perspective.
            We want them to understand that what is
            best for the whole organization might not be
            best for their own part in it
            It is high time that British industry started
            thinking beyond the end of its nose. The trouble
            is that what companies perceive to be in
            their own interest is not necessarily what the
            country needs.

            on the nose: 1
            If you talk about a time or amount being on
            the nose, you mean that it is exactly that
            time or amount.
            This is Radio One FM. Precisely on the nose
            seven sixteen.

            on the nose: 2
            If you describe someone or something as on
            the nose, you mean that they are considered
            to be unpleasant or offensive. This expression
            is used mainly in Australian English.
            North West Airlines might be on the nose
            here and in Japan but it's definitely flavour of
            the month in the United States.
            His comments are really on the nose.

            pay through the nose for something 4
            If you pay through the nose for something,
            you pay more for it than you consider fair or
            reasonable. This is a fairly informal expression.

            Some restaurateurs have cottoned on to the

            fact that we do not like paying through the
            nose for our wines when eating out.
            It looks as though those taking out new in
            surance policies on their houses, cars, boats
            and planes will be paying through the nose.


                evince -p 298 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            nose
            poke your nose into something

            stick your nose into something

            44

            If you say that someone is poking their
            into something or sticking their nose
            into it, you mean that they are interfering in
            something that does not concern them. Compare
            keep your nose out of something.
            We don't like foreigners who poke their noses

            nose

            into our affairs.

            Newspapers are full of snide remarks about
            the European Commission's bureaucrats sticking
            their noses into every nook and cranny of

            our private lives.

            (f anyone should be apologizing, it should be
            me for poking my nose in where it doesn't belong.
            put someone's nose out of joint

            nowhere

            279

            4

            If something puts someone's nose out of
            joint, it offends or upsets them, because they
            think that they have not been treated with
            the respect that they deserve. You often use
            this expression to suggest that the person who
            is offended thinks that they are more important
            than they really are.
            Gillian's sons, 17 and 15, were resentful of
            the female invasion. Barry, the youngest, had
            his nose put out of joint by Lucy's aloof sophistication,
            although she was his junior.
            You can also say that someone's nose is
            out of joint or that someone has their nose
            out of joint.
            The old kind of Democrat has tried and
            failed miserably and there are some old kinds
            of Democrats around Washington who have
            their noses a little out of joint about that.

            rub someone's nose in it
            rub someone's nose in the dirt
            44
            If you rub someone's nose in it or rub
            their nose in the dirt, you embarrass or
            upset them by reminding them of something
            that they do not want to think about, such as
            a failure or a mistake that they have made.
            You obviously delight in the defeat of a fellotv
            performer! And proceed to rub his nose in it.
            don't you?
            If he agrees to withdraw his forces, should
            there be some other arrangement which would
            be a let-out rather than rubbing his nose in the
            dirt?
            O You can also say that someone's nose is
            rubbed in a particular thing.
            America should have basked in triumph after
            the fall of communism, but instead found its

            nose rubbed in inadequacies at home.
            thumb your nose at someone
            44
            If you thumb your nose at someone or
            something powerful or influential, you behave
            in a way that shows disrespect or contempt

            for them.
            There is a hard-core of young persistent of
            fenders, and too many of them are simply
            laughing at authority and thumbing their
            noses at the court
            Workers are laid off while bosses are given
            enormous pay increases and vast bonuses, thus
            thumbing their noses at both employees and

            consumers.
            You can describe this behaviour as nosethumbing.
            These women's lives, as portrayed by Hollywood.
            were a nose thumbing at stuffy Victorian
            England.

            turn up your nose at something

            44

            If you say that someone turns up their
            nose at something, you mean that they reject
            it because they think that it is not good
            enough for them You use this expression to
            show disapproval of the person's behaviour,
            because you think that they are being foolish

            or too proud.
            Even in the United States topflight university
            graduates turned up their noses at business
            jobs and tried instead to get into government
            service or university teaching.
            You should never turn your nose up at inexpensive
            plants
            He acted in about 30 commercials as a struggling
            young actor, happily taking them on
            while his former classmates at the Yale drama
            school turned up their noses and waited on ta
            bles instead
            under your nose
            from under your nose

            444

            If something, especially a bad thing, happens
            under your nose, it happens in your presence
            or very near to you, and you do not or cannot
            do anything to stop it.
            The destruction of cities and millions of lives
            right under our noses is greeted with shrugs.
            1 really don i care what people do, as long as
            it's not under my nose.
            If someone takes something from under
            your nose, they do not try to hide the fact
            that they are taking it, and you either do not
            notice or cannot stop them.
            Two prisoners handcuffed together in the
            back of a police car stole it from under the
            noses of two redfaced traffic officers.

            nowhere
            from nowhere
            out of nowhere

            444

            If you say that someone or something comes

            from nowhere, you mean that they appear
            suddenly or unexpectedly, without any previous
            indication that they would appear. You

            can also say that someone or something
            comes out of nowhere.
            1 remember looking both ways before crossing


                evince -p 299 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            nuclear
            and seeing nothing. The car came from nowhere
            and hit me.
            The film appeared out of nowhere and looks
            likely to disappear just as quickly.
            All of these diseases have appeared seemingly
            out of nowhere, causing much misery and

            death.

            nuclear
            go nuclear
            If someone goes nuclear, they get extremely
            angry and start behaving in a forceful or irrational
            way as a result. This expression is used
            mainly in British English. Go ballistic means
            the same.
            Labour's tabloids were ready to go nuclear
            against the Tories if personal smears were deployed
            against Neil Kinnock and his team during
            the general election campaign.

            nudge
            a nudge and a wink
            nudge-nudge, wink-wink

            nut

            280

            4

            You use expressions such as a nudge and a
            wink or nudge-nudge, wink-wink to indicate
            that someone is talking about something
            In a sly, suggestive way, because the subject
            is embarrassing or because they may get into
            trouble if they say it openly.
            We are now being sued for approaching in an
            open, adult way what papers such as yourselves
            have been alluding to via nudge-and-awink innuendo for the past two years.
            I'm tired of all the nods, all the nudges and
            the winks. I'm tired cf alt conjecture.
            The article then listed a series of nudgenudge, wink-wink rumors that have appeared
            in broadsheet and tabloid newspapers over the
            last two years, insinuating the Prime Minister
            was having an affair.

            number
            a back number
            If you refer to someone as a back number,
            you are saying in a rather unkind way that
            they are no longer useful or successful.
            The film gives us a real sense of the way the
            Japanese still honour those who might in other
            societies be considered back numbers.
            Lester is 55 in November, but I don't think
            that will make much difference. He's a great
            jockey and wont be a back number even at
            that age.
            A back number of a magazine or newspaper
            is an edition of it that was published
            some time ago and is not the most recent.

            do a number on someone
            If someone does a number on you, they
            harm you in some way, for example by cheat
            ing you or by totally defeating you in a game
            or match. This is an informal expression.
            I realty did a number on him. I'm going to
            try and make it up to him, if he'll let me.
            The Irish team are looking to do a number
            on England in Dublin tomorrow.
            have someone's number
            If you have someone's number, you understand
            what kind of person they are. and so
            you know how to treat them or deal with
            them.
            Oh, they've got his number. Beryl and Russell
            show up at 7:59, make a big point of saying

            good morning to him, and then they disappear.

            On sales calls, they say.
            If they have your number from the start, and
            it is a small hotel, you are bound to get extra
            attention.

            look after number one
            look out for number one
            4
            If you say that someone looks after number
            one or looks out for number one, you
            mean that they selfishly put their own needs
            and interests before everyone else's.

            This sums up the attitude of many greedy big
            earners - look after Number One and to hell

            with everyone else.
            My priority is to look after number one
            create a lifestyle I am happy with.

            - to

            someone's number is up
            If you say that someone's number is up,
            you mean that something unpleasant is going
            to happen to them, and that there is nothing
            that they can do about it. This expression is
            sometimes used to say that someone is certain
            to fail at something, or that they are about to
            lose their job. It can also be used to say that
            someone is going to die.
            When Michael Stich found himself two match
            points down to Marc Rosset of Switzerland last
            night, he thought his number was up.
            'Oh, Nancy, we're safe!' breathed Bess. 7
            thought for a while our number was up!'

            nut
            do your nut
            If someone does their nut, they become
            very angry about something. This expression
            is used in British English.
            I wanted to ask Lorraine out and I knew that
            Wendy would do her nut if she found out.

            a sledgehammer to crack a nut

            4

            If you say that someone is using a sledgehammer
            to crack a nut, you mean that the
            methods they are using to solve a problem are
            far stronger than is necessary. People some
            times replace 'sledgehammer' with ‘hammer'.
            This expression is used in British English.
            Morocco took a similar view, saying there


                evince -p 300 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            nuts

            oar

            281

            was no justification for sanctions. These immediate
            Arab reactions reflect a view across the
            region that the West is using a sledgehammer

            to crack a nut.
            Bankers say that the proposed law is a
            sledgehammer to crack a nut.
            Robbins's film takes a large hammer to crack
            a familiar nut.
            a tough nut to crack
            a tough nut
            If you say that a problem is a tough nut to
            crack, you mean that it is difficult to resolve.
            If you say that someone is a tough nut to
            crack, you mean that they are difficult to
            deal with or to defeat in an argument or competition.
            You can replace 'tough' with another
            adjective such as 'hard' or 'difficult'.
            The toughest nut to crack is the rather profound
            philosophical question: what is life?
            Despite not having won a title of note,
            Harrington has taken 17.5 points from a possible
            20 in international singles, making him a
            tough nut to crack.
            I am looking for victory, but they are an organised
            team and could be a hard nut to
            crack.
            You can also just refer to a difficult problem
            as a tough nut.
            But the tough nut is the economy and health
            care, those two issues that do cost money and
            that require some complex strategy and a lot of
            risk taking.

            nuts
            the nuts and bolts of something
            444
            The nuts and bolts of something are the

            detailed facts about it and its practical as
            pects, as opposed to abstract ideas about it.
            Surely you have to work out the nuts and
            bolts of something before you can commit your
            se(f to it?
            Tonight Margaret Atwood will discuss the
            nuts and bolts of the writer's craft.
            You can also use nuts and bolts before a

            noun.
            I'm a nuts and bolts politician l always have

            been.
            Nuts-and-bolts information on the island is
            covered in Cuba Official Guide by A. Gerald
            Gravette.

            nutshell
            in a nutshell
            444
            You say tn a nutshell when you are sum
            marizing something in a concise or brief way.
            She wants me to leave the company. I want to
            stay. That's it in a nutshell.
            To put the outcome of the UN summit in a
            nutshell, governments came round to recognis
            ing the decline of the environment.

            nutty
            nutty as a fruitcake
            If you say that someone is as nutty as a
            fruitcake, you think that they are very
            strange, foolish, or crazy. This expression is
            used in British English.
            He sounds a trifle defensive, but there's no
            need for it. Despite his maddening fidgeting,
            the man is a charmer intense, funny, and
            nutty as a fruitcake.

            -

            o
            oaks

            oar

            great

            put your oar in
            If someone puts their oar in during a dis
            cussion or argument, they give their opinion,
            even if other people have not asked them for
            it. Verbs such as 'stick' and 'get' can be used
            instead of ‘put'. This expression is used main
            ly in British English.
            The ex-party leader could not resist putting
            his oar in at the 1983 General Election. In a
            speech in Cardiff he dissociated himself from

            oaks from little acorns grow
            People say ‘great oaks from little acorns
            grow' when they want to point out that some
            thing large and successful began in a small
            and insignificant way. Other adjectives can be
            used instead of ‘great' and 'little'.
            Dig oaks from little acorns grow. Osborne &
            Little, one of the most established and bestknown names in British interior design, started
            when two young men set up business in a tiny
            shop that is now part of an Italian restaurant.
            Henry Ford did not start his operations by
            hiring 330,000 employees and opening hundreds
            of factories in his first year. Remember, mighty
            oaks from liny acorns grow.

            Labour's manifesto commitment to unilateral
            nuclear disarmament.
            He is modest enough to let them say their
            piece without feeling the need to put his oar in;
            he is obviously a good listener.


                evince -p 301 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            oars

            at odds with the world
            at odds with yourself

            oars
            rest on your oars
            lean on your oars
            If you say that someone is resting on their
            oars or is leaning on their oars, you are
            criticizing them for not working hard, so that
            they are in danger of suffering harm or defeat.
            These expressions are used in British
            English.

            In the absence cf any other source of pressure,
            many boards take their time over making necessary
            changes, leaning on their oars while another
            study is done and another year goes by.

            oats
            sow your wild oats

            4

            If you say that someone, especially a young
            man, is sowing their wild oats, you mean
            that they have many sexual relationships,
            without expecting or wanting any of them to
            become serious or permanent.
            What this survey highlights is that while men
            definitely do eventually seek commitment in a
            relationship, they still see nothing wrong in
            sowing their wild oats with a multitude cf onenight stands along the way.
            I got all that sowing wild oats out cf my system
            before 1 got married.

            odds
            at odds with someone: 1

            off-chance

            282

            444

            If one person is at odds with another, or if
            two people are at odds, they disagree about
            something.
            The region has reportedly been at odds with
            the central government both militarily and politically.

            The Trade and Industry Secretary dismissed
            press reports that he and the Chancellor of the
            Exchequer had been at odds over the imposition
            of VAT on domestic fuel.
            The authorities, the security forces and the
            politicians remain at odds over how to deal
            with the campaign by militants for a separate
            independent homeland.

            at odds with something: 2
            44
            If you say that one thing is at odds with
            another, you mean that it does not match or

            correspond to that other thing.
            His outlook on life was pessimistic, quite at
            odds with his wife's description cf his normal
            out-going personality.
            He was a good piano player, but slightly
            ashamed of it, as it seemed at odds with his
            macho image.
            Close on the heels of the jobs data comes the
            purchasing agents' index. Last month the two
            statistics were at odds, since employment figures
            indicated strength and the index predicted
            a declining economy.

            If you say that someone is at odds with the
            world or at odds with themselves, you mean
            that they are confused or discontented, and
            unsure what they want to do or how they
            want to see things develop.
            We are more inclined to blame a feeling cf being
            generally out cf sorts and at odds with the
            world on a headache or upset stomach, rather
            than the other way round.
            He willingly confesses that he was still at
            odds with himself. 7 was all over the shop at
            the time. I didn t have a clue what was going
            on.'

            pay over the odds
            44
            If you pay over the odds for something,
            you pay more for it than it is really worth.
            This expression is used in British English.
            London Clothesline was bom in 1986 when
            Libby and Ricky discovered a shared belief that
            many customers were paying over the odds for
            top quality clothes.
            Over the years, London's beer drinkers have
            got used to having to pay a little bit over the
            odds for their pint. It has been the price cf living
            in a prosperous area where costs are higher.
            In return for public works contracts, firms
            pay over the odds to the governing politicians,
            who then use the money to line their own pockets
            and those cf their parties.

            odour
            in bad odour
            in good odour
            If you are in bad odour with someone, they
            disapprove of you because they think you
            have done something bad or wrong. This is a
            fairly old-fashioned expression.
            The republic's policy cf repression has put
            them in bad odour with Western human rights

            groups
            You can say that you are in good odour
            with someone when they think you have done
            something good or right.
            He became director cf central intelligence in
            1987. The agency has managed to keep out of
            trouble since then and he is keen to leave while
            it is still in good odour.
            ‘Odour' is spelled ‘odor' in American Enghsh.

            off-chance
            on the off-chance

            44

            If you do something on the off-chance that
            something good or pleasant will happen, you
            do it because there is a small chance that the
            good or pleasant thing will happen.
            There are a number cf advantages in writing


                evince -p 302 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            oil
            to potential employers and offering your services
            on the off-chance that they have a suitable vacancy

            Jane and Cathy have come all the way from

            Australia on the off<hance of
            Navratilova play.

            watching

            I just thought I'd call on the off chance.
            If you say that there is an off-chance that
            something good or pleasant will happen, you
            mean that there is a small chance that it will
            happen

            An additional motivation of ha- attendance
            was the off-chance that she might find Darren
            there

            oil
            no oil painting

            If you say that someone is no oil painting,
            you mean that they are unattractive or ugly.
            This expression is used in British English.
            I started seeing a guy who was no oil painting

            omelette

            283

            but wonderfully bright and interesting.

            oil and water
            If you say that you cannot mix oil and water,
            you mean that if two people or things are
            very different they cannot work together or
            exist together successfully.
            ‘One might just as well try mixing oil and
            water. ' Marianne replied, ‘as people from the
            arts with those who have cash registers where

            their hearts should be. '
            You say that two people or things are like
            oil and water, or that they are oil and water.
            to emphasize that they are very different.
            He had an instant falling out with General
            Leslie Groves, who headed the Manhattan Project.
            The two were like oil and water together.
            We got along well despite being oil and water
            pour oil on troubled waters
            4
            If you pour oil on troubled waters, you do
            or say something to make an angry or tense
            situation calmer or more peaceful
            He is an extremely experienced politician.
            who some diplomats believe may be able to
            Pour oil on the troubled waters.
            they pour oil on
            Friends are a blessing
            troubled waters, drag you to parties and make
            you feel loved.
            0 This expression is sometimes used in other

            structures.

            I was the go-between, the pourer
            oil on oft troubled waters.

            I'm not good at

            of

            getting angry. I'm

            troubled-waters lady.
            strike oil

            juvenile

            an oil-on
            If you say that someone has struck oil. you
            that they have suddenly become successful
            in finding or doing something.

            mean

            'It wont tell us where he was at the time of
            the murder. ' ‘Work on it. The police aren t like
            ly to strike oil in the King Edward. Not the
            sort of pub where people take time to stand
            and stare.'
            This expression is more commonly used literally
            to say that someone discovers oil in the
            ground as a result of drilling.

            old
            old as the hills
            If you say that something is as old as the
            hills, you mean that it is very old, and per
            haps old-fashioned or very traditional.
            Their equipment may be modem, but the
            techniques remain as old as the hills.

            olive
            an olive branch

            444

            If you hold out an olive branch to someone,
            you say or do something to indicate that you
            want to end a disagreement with them or stop
            them feeling resentful, bitter, or angry with
            you.
            He held out an olive branch to the 500,000strong Hungarian minority, some of whom feel
            their future in an independent Slovakia may be
            less than secure.
            It's not difficult to see why the authorities
            have offered an olive branch to the community.
            They doubtless hope this will cool passions in
            the run-up to the anniversary of the massacre.
            It would be some time before he would accept
            the olive branch extended to him.
            You can use olive branch to mean an offer
            of peace or friendship
            I think the olive branch will have to come
            from both sides.
            He invited the world to choose between the
            gun and the olive branch.

            omelette
            you can't make an omelette without
            breaking eggs
            If you say that you can't make an omelette
            without breaking eggs, you mean that it is
            impossible to achieve something without
            there being bad or unpleasant sideeffects.
            You can't make an omelette without breaking
            eggs. If you want universal health care there's
            just no way of getting it without us putting
            more money into it.
            He adds, ‘You can t make an omelette without
            breaking eggs - you just have to break as few
            as possible.' Meanwhile, it seems astonishing
            that anyone should think it acceptable to put a
            major road through a landscape of such obvious
            sensitivity.
            This expression is often varied or exploited.
            The ‘radiant

            future' promised in Lenin's


                evince -p 303 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            omnibus
            name simply failed to materialise. The eggs
            were broken, but with no omelette to show for
            the shells.
            ‘Omelette' is usually spelled ‘omelet' in
            American English.

            omnibus
            the man on the Clapham omnibus

            order

            284

            4

            When people talk about the man on the
            Clapham omnibus, they mean ordinary, average
            people. Other place names are sometimes
            used instead of ‘Clapham'. This expression
            is used in British English.
            The wealthy and powerful never liked the
            man on the Clapham omnibus knowing what
            they were about
            D Clapham is an area of London, and ‘omnibus'
            is an old fashioned word for bus.

            'Is that a Birmingham accent?' I asked, explaining
            that all my family were originally
            from that part of the world. 'You got it in one.
            I grew up in Birmingham. '
            You can also use these expressions after
            asking a question, to indicate that the answer
            is obvious.
            Guess who objected strongly to the scheme?
            You've got it in one!

            put one over on someone
            get one over on someone
            4
            If you put one over on an opponent or rival,
            or get one over on them, you gain a victory
            or advantage over them.
            Clark insisted ‘It's nice to put one over on
            your old boss but I don t hold any grudges. '
            Managers wouldn't help each other They
            were all trying to get one over on each other

            once-over

            onions

            give someone the once-over
            4
            If you give someone or something the
            once-over, you look at them or analyse them
            quickly to get a general impression of their
            appearance or character.
            Penny gives me the once-over. I'm wearing a
            bright jacket that'll go down well with European
            viewers, she says. But if I were broadcasting
            to Asia, I'd have to wear something palecoloured and lightweight.
            Mary Ann gave the apartment a once-over.
            You can also give something a once-over
            with a particular thing when you pay some
            attention to it for a short period of time.
            When you're in the bath, give your feet a
            once-over with a pumice stone or loofah to remove
            rough or hard skin.

            know your onions
            If you say that someone knows their onions,
            you mean that they know a great deal

            one
            be one up on someone
            get one up on someone
            4
            If you are one up on someone, you have an
            advantage over them, because you have done
            something which they have not done or because
            you know something that they do not
            know. If you try to get one up on them, you
            try to get this kind of advantage over them.
            You don't want the competitive kind who will
            see this as the opportunity to be one up on you.
            Even the best of friends can be left with an
            unconscious desire to hurt or to get one up on
            the other.
            got it in one
            If someone guesses something and you say
            ‘got it in one' or ‘you've got it in one', you
            mean that they have guessed correctly. These
            expressions are used in British English.
            'My husband just broke my favourite piece of
            china. ' said my friend. 'Guess whose fault it
            was. ' 'Yours.' I said. ‘Got it in one,' she said.

            about a particular subject. This is an oldfashioned British expression.
            It shows she really knows her onions in the
            historical field too.

            open
            open and shut

            4

            If you say that something, especially a legal
            case, is open and shut, you mean that it is
            easily decided or solved because the facts are
            very clear.
            The prosecution behaved as if they had an
            open-and shut case.
            We'll need to come back here and measure
            things for the report, but it seems open and
            shut to me.

            order
            the order of the day

            444

            If you say that something is the order of
            the day, you mean that it is what is happening
            in a particular situation, or what someone
            considers should be happening then.
            Terror is the order of the day for those refugees
            waiting to leave.
            Wage cuts were the order of the day owing to

            the government's deflationary policy.
            Informality is the order of the day among all
            the Princess Royal's household.
            Rice pudding and shepherd's pie were the order
            of the day - Kate considered Greek food unsuitable
            for children.
            a tall order
            444
            If you describe a task as a tall order, you
            mean that it is going to be very difficult.
            Financing your studies may seem like a tall


                evince -p 304 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            orders
            order, but there is plenty

            our guide reveals.

            own

            285

            of help available as

            I've got to beat him by four shots tomorrow,
            and that's a very tall order.
            It's a tall order for local residents to pay this
            huge bill. It's not fair that we have to pay for
            all of it.

            orders
            44
            marching orders:1
            If you are given your marching orders, you
            are made to leave something such as a job or
            a relationship. If a player in a team sport is
            given their marching orders, they are ordered
            to leave the pitch because they have behaved
            in an unacceptable way. This expression
            is used in British English; the American
            expression is walking papers.
            The journalists' own loyalties are under
            strain. Last week the political correspondent
            was given his marching orders.
            What does it take for a woman to say 'that's
            enough' and give her man his marching orders?
            He was given his marching orders after at
            tacking the opposition goalkeeper twice He has
            now been banned for two weeks.
            marching orders: 2
            4
            Your marching orders are the instructions
            that you are given in order to carry out a
            plan or achieve an aim. This expression is
            used in American English.
            As one mid level White House official put it,
            ‘We're still waiting for our marching orders.'
            Now program executives have new marching
            orders for Hollywood producers: If the show is
            like ‘Miami Vice,' we're not interested.

            organ
            the organ grinder's monkey
            If you refer to someone as the organ grinder's
            monkey, you mean that they are closely
            associated with a powerful person and act on
            their behalf, but have no real power themselves.
            This expression is often used to show
            contempt or dislike for both of the people you
            are talking about, but especially for the 'monkey'.
            This expression is used in British English.

            'Do you feel that you've been squeezed out?'
            'Well, l feel more like the organ-grinder's mon
            key. actually.'
            O The wording of this expression is not very
            fixed, and people often refer to it partially or

            indirectly
            Why bother with monkeys when you can deal
            Wlth the organ-grinder?
            Some will reason that I focus too much atlen
            ti°n on the monkey, whilst allowing the organ
            grinder to get off scot free.

            out
            out-and-out
            4-4-4
            You use out-and-out before a noun in order
            to emphasize that someone or something is
            very clearly and definitely the kind of person

            or tiling mentioned.

            About six years ago it bought a little retail

            outfit called Early Learning Systems which spe
            cialises in toys for bright toddlers and the investment
            has emerged an out-and-out winner.
            This was almost certainly an out-and-out lie.

            overdrive
            go into overdrive

            be in overdrive
            444
            If someone or something goes Into overdrive.
            they begin to work very hard or to per
            form intensely or very well. You can also say
            that someone or something is tn overdrive.
            When the bodies were discovered, themedia went
            into overdrive. Antena 3 devoted all but two minutes
            of its main news bulletin to the story.
            My imagination went into overdrive I tried
            to make new dishes, not from recipe books but
            from books about wild plants.
            The campaign that began in the cold of New
            Hampshire is in overdrive now with the candi
            dates crisscrossing the nation in a final push

            for votes.

            overtime
            work overtime
            If you say that someone is working overtime
            to do something, you mean that they are
            working very hard in order to achieve it.
            The team had been working overtime to improve
            the Labour image.
            This might explain why people are prone to
            excessive sleep when the immune mechanisms
            are working overtime to fight off infections.
            This expression is more commonly used to
            say that someone is spending extra time doing
            the job that they are employed to do.

            own
            hold your own

            444

            If you hold your own. you are able to defend
            your position against someone who is at

            tacking you or threatening you.
            Some areas of heavy industry, such as shipbuilding,
            were able to hold their own in international
            markets.
            If Fiat cannot hold Us own against its European
            rivals then it is certain to get a drubbing
            once Japanese producers are allowed to increase
            their sales.
            The most highly skilled members of the
            American workforce can hold their own with
            any in the world.


                evince -p 305 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            P

            paid

            286

            P
            P
            mind your p's and q's
            watch your p's and q's
            If you mind your p's and q's or watch
            your p's and q's, you try to speak and behave
            politely or to act in an acceptable way. so that
            you do not offend people.
            She always put on her best act and minded
            her p's and q's in front of the queen, but their
            relationship wasn't that close.
            Mayor Brown was interviewed not long ago
            about the fact that Bosco had moved to
            Livermore, and she did acknowledge that she
            was going to have to watch her p's and q's
            with a politician that popular moving into her

            area.

            pace
            can't stand the pace
            4
            can't take the pace
            If someone can't stand the pace or can't
            take the pace, they do not work or function
            effectively when they are under pressure, and
            so cannot compete or do things as well as oth
            er people.
            Most journalists know of a colleague who

            abandoned journalism for advertising. We curl
            our lips at such a fellow. He is a sell-out. a loser.
            somebody who couldn't stand the pace in
            the real game.
            They were constantly testing me. as if to
            prove I couldn t take the pace. For instance, if I
            was very tired at the end of the day. someone
            would always seem to materialise with a rush
            job.

            set the pace

            44

            If someone sets the pace, they do something
            which is regarded as a good example, and other
            people then do the same thing.
            The consensus is that Versace has got it right
            this season and has set the pace for main
            stream fashion.
            In a deal that could set the pace in Jorthcom
            ing pay rounds, the 700.000 chemical workers
            settled for a 2 percent increase in pay and

            promised to work

            more flexible hours.

            paces
            put someone through their paces 444
            If you put someone or something through
            their paces, you get them to show you how
            well they can do something. Other verbs can
            be used instead of 'put'.

            The eleven boxers on the British team are in
            the hands of the British coach, Ian Irwin, who
            is putting them through their paces.
            At St Barbara barracks dozens of tanks are
            being put through their paces to check that
            they're running correctly

            before they're subject
            ed to the rigors of the Saudi Arabian desert.
            The distributor was taken with the gadget
            and asked for a demonstration. After watching
            it go through its paces, he asked if the machine
            could be adapted to cook other foods

            pack
            4
            ahead of the pack
            If a person or organization is ahead of the
            pack, they are being more successful than
            their competitors or rivals.
            Hoping to stay ahead of the pack, the company
            is emphasizing innovation with a new bike
            frame that weighs just 2.7 pounds a pound
            less than the lightest mountain-bike frame on

            the market.
            This decentralized management system has
            kept the company far ahead of the pack in
            terms of product development.

            page

            on the same page
            If two or more people are on the same

            page, they are in agreement about what they
            trying to achieve. This expression is used
            in American English.
            / think everybody's on the same page, as they
            say, and that a ground war is only a matter of
            weeks away, if that.
            We're all on about the same page in our careers.
            we all have the same professional needs.

            are

            turn the page
            If someone turns the page, they make a

            fresh start after a period of difficulties and
            troubles. Compare turn over a new leaf, see
            leaf.
            Shareholders at Fiat's annual meeting will be
            looking for signs that the troubled company really
            does mean to turn the page.
            There is a sense that America has turned the
            page toward something new

            paid
            444
            put paid to something
            If an unexpected event puts paid to
            someone's hopes, chances, or [dans, it com

                evince -p 306 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            pain
            pletely ends or

            Pandora

            287

            destroys them. This expression is

            used mainly in British English.
            Great Britain gave a limp performance here
            last night that put paid to their chances of
            reaching the Olympic finals.
            The past week has probably put paid to
            share prices in blew York and London
            would rise strongly for the rest of the year.
            hopes that

            complains Donna, a student who has taken the
            day off to be an extra. 'It's like watching paint
            dry. And it's only 12 o'clock!'
            The village of Lefkara is about half-an-hour's
            drive away, and there you can see embroidery
            in the making (an activity 1found marginally
            more exciting than watching paint dry) and
            purchase the cheap, handmade silver jewellery.

            pain

            pale

            a pain in the arse
            a pain in the ass

            beyond the pale
            44
            If you say that someone's behaviour goes
            beyond the pale, you mean that it is com
            •4-4

            If you think that someone or something is
            very annoying, you can say that they are a
            pain in the arse or a pain in the ass. Other
            words meaning ‘bottom' can be used instead
            of arse' or 'ass'. The form with 'arse' is used
            in British English and the form with 'ass' is
            used in American English. These are very informal
            expressions, which many people consider
            offensive.
            He'd dealt with the Hendersons of the world
            before. They always meant money, but they
            were an almighty pain in the arse to deal with
            just the same.
            Leone could soon be following her uncle and
            cousin into film roles ‘Having the name
            Connery is a terrific advantage and a pain in
            the backside at the same time, ' she said.
            a pain in the neck
            44
            If you think that someone or something is
            very annoying, you can say that they are a
            pain in the neck.
            He was a pain in the neck. I was glad when
            he left my department.
            'Sorry,' he said. 'They've forgotten to insure
            the plane. It's a pain in the neck, but what can
            Idor

            pains

            growing pains
            4
            If an organization or a relationship suffers
            from growing pains, it experiences temporary
            difficulties and problems as it develops
            and grows stronger.
            He knew it was just a case of growing pains,
            the natural transition process from small-time
            local supplier to major distributor.
            The country is now facing some troublesome
            growing pains. The economy is still expanding.
            but at a slower rate than in the recent past.
            Their three year-old marriage has been going

            through some growing pains.

            Paint
            watch paint dry
            you say that something is like watching
            you find it extreme
            paint dry, you mean that
            >y

            boring.
            'We've done one shot since nine this morning.'

            pletely unacceptable.
            He is glorifying cheating and fighting and
            I'm appalled. It goes beyond the pale.
            Tina, too, had outraged society. She had lived
            beyond the pale of its approval and died with
            another's death cm her conscience.
            There will be no more compromises with people
            whose views are beyond the pale.

            palm
            grease someone's palm
            If you accuse someone of greasing an official's
            palm, you are accusing them of giving
            money to the official in order to gain an unfair advantage over other people or in order
            to get something that they want. You can replace
            the verb ‘grease' with the verb 'oil'.
            Italy's continuing corruption probe took a
            fresh turn with the confession by Carlo De
            Benedetti, Olivetti's chairman, that he. too, was
            forced to grease a few palms along the way.
            She thought that files do not move in govern
            ment offices unless you grease the palms of offi

            dab.

            You can describe this activity as palmgreasing.
            Palm-greasing for just about anything from
            entry to a favoured school to obtaining a bank

            loan has been considered a fact of life.

            Pandora
            a Pandora's box
            If someone opens a Pandora's box.

            444

            they do
            something that unintentionally causes a lot of
            problems, which they did not know existed

            before.
            This latest controversy has opened up a Pandora's
            box of intrigue amongst the coalition

            government's different factions.
            Ministers acknowledge they are opening a
            Pandora's Box, and that in trying to undo
            some of the ills of 40 years of communism they
            will not be able to please everyone.

            You can also describe a potentially difficult
            situation or thing as a Pandora's box, for example
            when you are warning that it must be
            dealt with carefully.


                evince -p 307 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            pants
            I have plenty of friends who are angry at
            their partners for not doing their share of
            childcare, with the baby providing a Pandora's
            Box of new possibilities for quarrels.

            pants
            beat the pants off someone
            If you beat the pants off someone or if you
            beat their pants off, you defeat them deci
            sively in a contest

            papers

            288

            or competition.

            Devlin indicated the chess table beside the
            sofa. 'Any excuse to get away from that. He
            was beating the pants off me. '
            My opinion of Michael has gone down quite a
            bit since then and l want to beat his pants off.
            I know I can win at Suzuka and that's what
            Pm going to do.
            bore the pants off someone

            scare the pants off someone
            charm the pants off someone

            4

            If someone or something bores, scares, or
            charms the pants off you, they bore, scare,
            or charm you a lot.
            When I was a kid, circuses bored the pants
            off me, but Pd always wanted to be a perform

            er.

            Stephen Daldry is the sort of person who
            loves rushing around, charming the pants off

            everyone he meets.
            People occasionally replace 'bore', 'scare',
            or 'charm' with other verbs.
            We all love to frighten the pants off ourselves
            by going on hair-raising rides at funfairs.

            catch someone with their pants down
            catch someone with their trousers
            down
            4
            If someone is caught with their pants
            down or is caught with their trousers
            down, something happens that they are not
            prepared for and that reveals an embarrassor
            shocking fact about them. ‘Catch someone
            with their trousers down' is used only in
            British English.
            In July 1991, the Department of Transport
            was caught with its pants down and took seven
            months to produce the consultative document
            needed to change legislation.
            Resignations are for Prime Ministers and
            cabinets, and those caught with their trousers
            down. Not for me.
            ing

            paper
            can't fight your way out of a paper bag
            If you say that someone can't fight their
            way out of a paper bag, you are saying in a
            contemptuous way that they are very bad at
            fighting.
            We've already shown you that they are no use
            to you as allies. They couldn't fight their way
            out of a paper bag.

            You can replace 'fight' with other verbs
            that state what someone is incapable of doing.
            Certainly, too, the democratic parties that
            support Mr Yeltsin could not organise their
            way out of a paper bag

            not worth the paper it's written on

            4

            If you say that a promise, agreement, or
            guarantee is not worth the paper it's written
            on, you mean that although it appears to
            be official or definite, it is in fact worthless.
            'Printed' can be used instead of 'written'.
            If consumers are unaware of their right to
            compensation when a service breaks down,
            guaranteed service standards will not be worth
            the paper they are written on.
            The certificate is not worth the paper it is

            printed on.
            on paper
            -44
            If you say that something looks or sounds
            good on paper, you mean that it seems to be
            a good idea, plan, or argument when you read
            or hear about it. but may not be good in real

            tty

            This system looks good on paper but it is expensive
            and, in my view, still of very limited

            value.
            These reforms are more impressive on paper
            than in reality.
            a paper tiger
            4
            If you say that a person, country, or organization
            is a paper tiger, you mean that although
            they seem to be powerful, they do not
            really have any power.
            The Khmer Rouge has ab-eady managed to
            make the U.N. in Cambodia look like an expensive
            paper tiger, without the teeth to carry out
            what it was sent to do.
            Russia's Asian forces are a paper tiger these
            days. Starved of fuel and spare parts, low on
            morale, they are barely in shape even for manoeuvres.
            let alone war.
            4
            a paper trail
            Written evidence of someone's activities can
            be referred to as a paper trail. This expression
            is used mainly in American English.
            The criminal proceedings were raised after
            investigations found a paper trail of checks
            that were written on dummy bank accounts.

            papers
            walking papers
            If you are given your walking papers, you
            are made to leave something such as a job or
            a relationship. This expression is used in
            American English; the British expression ts
            marching orders.

            Sol Siegel having been ousted several months
            earlier, it was Vogel's turn to get his walking
            papers from the board of directors.


                evince -p 308 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            par
            par
            below par:1

            under par
            not up tosaypar

            -4-4-4

            that someone or something is beIf
            you
            low par, you are disappointed with them because
            they are below the standard you expected.
            You can also say that they are under par
            or not up to par
            The recession has left sales a little below par
            in the past two or three years.
            Bad teachers could face pay freezes or the
            sack if their work is under par once the scheme
            starts in September
            The explosion caused a wave of panic in the
            area and raised concerns that safety standards
            were not up to par.
            You can also use below-par before a noun.
            The other time 1 saw her was onstage at a
            below par Brighton concert last year.
            below par: 2

            under par

            4

            If you feel below par or under par, you
            feel tired or ill and unable to perform or work
            as well as you usually do.
            Women who feel below par are unlikely to
            perform at their best.
            After the birth of her baby she felt generally
            under par.
        par for the course
            If you say that something that happens is par for the course, you mean that you are not pleased with it but it is what you expected to happen.
            --
            We had 75 mile-per-hour gusts and there's leaves and branches all over the streets, and the power is out but, I mean, that's all kind of par for the course in a hurricane.
            He said long hours are par for the course.
            ‘I'm up every morning at six, or even earlier.'

            parade

            rain on someone's parade
            If someone rains on your parade, they do
            something which spoils a plan of yours,
            usually a plan that is very important to you.

            This expression is used mainly in journalism.
            She was there to ask a favour of Mimi - she
            didn 't want to rain on her parade.

            Bamon Hill

            is ready to rain on Nigel

            Mansell's comeback parade in Sunday's French

            Grand Prix

            Parker
            nosey

            a

            part

            289

            parker
            4
            If you say that someone is a nosey parker,
            Y°u are criticizing them for being interested
            things that are nothing to do with them.
            1 nis expression is used in British English.

            The village's resident nosey porker. Olive,
            likes to spy on her neighbours with binoculars.
            Supermarkets are a nosy porker's paradise.
            The contents of strangers' trollies amount to
            peep-holes on their lives.
            'Nosey' is sometimes spelled ‘nosy'.

            parrot
            parrot fashion
            4
            If a child learns something parrot fashion.
            they learn it by repeating it many times, but
            they do not really understand what it means.
            This expression is used in British English.
            Under the old system pupils often had to
            stand to attention and repeat lessons parrot

            fashion.

            There are no books, pens or chairs here, just
            a blackboard and a dirt floor where 150 dusty
            children sit in rows, learning their words
            parrot-fashion.

            part
            444
            look the part: 1
            If someone looks the part, they dress or be
            have in the way that is characteristic of a
            particular kind of person.
            You look the part of an English gentleman,
            so he is half ready to believe you as soon as

            you meet.
            He won't say which army but friends suspect
            it may have been the Foreign Legion. He certainly looks the part his hair is crew cut and
            he has a raw gash above his left eye.

            look the part: 2
            If you want to say that someone or something
            seems impressive, you can say that they
            look the part. This expression is used mainly
            in British English.
            Strachan believes that Cantona has always
            had the hallmark that distinguishes worldclass players from the rest. ‘When l played for
            Scotland in France, Eric scored against us, and
            even then 1 thought he looked the part,' he
            says.
            The Alpha 5 CD player certainly looks the
            part with a stylish slimline design, moulded
            front panel and finely-textured paint finish.
            444
            part and parcel
            If one thing is part and parcel of another,
            it is involved or included in it and cannot be
            separated from it.
            It was a house healthy - and noisy - with political
            argument and dissent: strong views and
            humour were part and parcel of home life.
            There comes a time during every player's season
            when his form dips and the goals don 't go
            in. It's part and parcel if being a prcfessional.
            He said it's all part and parcel, just a day's
            work really, you know, it's nothing serious.


                evince -p 309 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            party
            take someone's part
            If you take someone's part, you support
            them or defend them, especially in a dispute
            with other people. This is an old-fashioned expression,
            which is used in British English.
            It seemed to me that she should have taken
            my part, should somehow have defended me
            from my father.
            China, which in the past had taken North
            Korea's part, abstained.
            take something in good part
            If someone takes something such as criticism
            in good part, they are not offended or
            upset by it This expression is used in British
            English.

            I tried to eliminate from the critical comments
            the casual, the superficial and the trivial, but I
            nevertheless agonized over having to pass on to
            Pasternak even the sort of objections with
            which I could not myself agree. But he took it
            all, however unusual, in good part.

            party

            situation.
            Johnson asked. 'What do they bring to the
            party?' 'They bring a lot to the party,' Cohen
            replied, 'principally $3 billion in capital. '
            They are far better than nearly every band in
            London, hut they need to recover from a couple
            of misfired years and find something fresh to
            bring to the party

            pass
            sell the pass
            If you say that someone has sold the pass.
            you are accusing them of betraying their
            friends or allies by giving an enemy or opponent
            what they wanted. This is an old
            fashioned expression, which is used in British
            English.
            English Heritage has been notably inactive in
            defending ancient battlefields in the past, and
            was widely blamed /or selling the pass at a
            public enquiry in 1985 which enabled a new
            motorway to be built over the site of the battle

            of Naseby.

            past
            4

            If you say that someone or something is
            past it, you are saying in a cruel or scornful
            way that they are no longer as good as they
            used to be. You can also say that they are
            getting past it. These expressions are used in
            British English.

            In August 1991, after suffering an elbow injury
            to his throwing arm which kept him out all
            season, they said that at 25 years old. Joe Montana
            was past it.
            My husband Eric could do with another
            second-hand car. The one we've got at the moment
            is getting a bit past it.

            wouldn't put it past someone
            If you say that you wouldn't put it past

            someone to do something bad, you mean that

            you would not be surprised if they did it.
            I wouldn't put it past him to double-cross
            Schrader, especially after the rumour I heard
            the other day.

            pasture
            put someone out to pasture
            If someone is put out to pasture, they are
            made to retire from their Job, or they are
            moved to an unimportant job, usually because
            people think that they are too old to be
            useful. Put someone out to grass means the

            same.

            bring something to the party
            If you talk about what someone brings to
            the party, you are talking about the contribu
            tion they make to a particular activity or

            be past it
            be getting past it

            pastures

            290

            I'm retiring next month. They're putting me
            out to pasture.
            He should not yet be put out to pasture His
            ministerial experience is valuable.
            At 28, I'm hardly ready to be put out to pasture
            and it's not so long ago I was England's
            No I strike bowler for 18 months.

            pastures
            greener pastures
            If someone seeks greener pastures, they try
            to leave a situation which they do not like, in
            order to find a new and better one.
            There are drawbacks for nurses seeking
            greener pastures overseas, and many are put
            off by the lengthy process involved in going to

            work in the US.
            They moved around for years, sometimes even
            leaving the state for what they thought would
            be greener pastures.
            Instead of 'greener', you can use an adjective which describes the new situation.
            A defeatist might retreat to quieter pastures

            pastures new
            fresh pastures
            If someone moves on to pastures new, they
            leave their current situation and enter a new
            one. This expression is used in British English.
            Michael decided he wanted to move on to pastures
            new for financial reasons.
            I found myself packing a suitcase and head
            ing for pastures new.
            If the job doesn't meet my ambitions I'll be
            off to pastures new. I want to go to the top

            You can also talk about moving
            pastures or fresh pastures.

            on to

            new


                evince -p 310 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            pat
            No matter how much we long for new paswhen
            we reach them they can seem like a
            bad idea.

            tures,

            pat
            a pat on the back
            pat someone on the back

            444

            If you give someone a pat on the back, you

            congratulate them or show your appreciation
            for something they have done. If you give
            yourself a pat on the back, you feel pleased
            about something you have done.
            Any mail order shop that gives such rapid response
            to a customer's complaint deserves a pat

            on the back.
            The industry can give itself a little pat on the
            back for the constructive moves it has made to
            help towards its own recovery
            You can also say that one person pats an
            other on the back, or that someone pats
            themselves on the back.
            The editor of the newspaper asked to see me,
            and I thought he would pat me on the back
            and say, 'Well done!' Instead he fired me.
            I decided if giving up smoking was going to
            be so hard, I'd need more pleasurable things in
            my life, so each day 1 kept patting myself on
            the back and treating myself.

            stand pat

            4

            If someone stands pat, they do not change
            or they refuse to change their
            mind about something. This expression is
            used mainly in American English.
            The last time the Federal Bank cut short-term
            interest rates, long term rates rose due to inves
            tor fears qf inflation, all of which makes it
            hard for the bank to do anything but stand pat
            till the economy's direction becomes clearer.
            Building society managers are willing to
            stand pat on mortgage rates for the moment.
            There are certain issues on which Britain
            would stand pat and insist on unanimity.
            something

            patch

            not a patch on someone
            If you say that one person or

            44

            thing is not a
            patch on another, you mean that the first is
            not nearly as good as the second. This expression
            is used in British English.
            A decorative young man sat on a chair close
            oi her side, springing to his feet at Susan's entrance.
            Handsome, she thought, but not a patch
            on Alex.
            (if course, thefacilities aren 't a patch on those of
            richer schools, but the boys think they're terrific.

            paths cross, you

            meet them by chance.
            The book is full of cutting criticisms of the celebrities
            who crossed her path.
            Vicki and Lisa first crossed paths when they
            attended the Australian Ballet School in 1983
            and became flatmates.
            He made no mention of keeping in touch but
            hoped that sometime their paths would cross
            again.

            path-breaking
            break a new path

            4

            You describe someone's achievement as
            path-breaking when they have done something
            completely different and new which will
            affect the way in which things are done or
            considered in the future. This expression is
            used mainly in American English, but it is
            also used in British journalism.
            Russia's Parliament today approved a path
            breaking measure that gives individual farm
            ers a right to buy and sell their own land.
            Historian Carl Degler in a pathbreaking
            book points out that at times there were more
            groups opposed to slavery in the South than in
            the North
            Path breaking work in computing is always
            risky.

            You can refer to someone who achieves
            something path-breaking as a path-breaker
            Chung is a path breaker. But she is a rather
            odd choice for the role.
            You can also say that they break a new
            path.

            While older students are extending their
            learning through a variety of flexible arrange
            ments, traditional lB-to-22-year-olds are also
            breaking new paths.

            pay dirt
            hit pay dirt
            strike pay dirt

            4

            If you hit pay dirt or strike pay dirt, you
            find or achieve something important and valu
            able. These expressions are used mainly in
            American English.
            Let's not give up on the courts. ' Millard says.
            'We still might hit pay dirt with one of the issues.'
            The first two people with whom she spoke
            hung up on her. The third was not rude, but
            he refused to help her With the fourth, she
            struck pay dirt.
            ‘Pay dirt' is often written as 'paydirt'.

            peanuts

            Path
            Cross someone's path

            peanuts

            291

            444

            If someone crosses your path or if your

            if you pay peanuts, you get monkeys
            If you say ‘if you pay peanuts, you get


                evince -p 311 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            pearls
            monkeys', you mean that if an employer pays
            very low wages, they cannot expect to find
            good staff. This expression is used in British
            English.
            We are not against change designed to improve
            profitability, but there must be something
            in it for us. If you pay peanuts you get monkeys.
            Nobody wants a strike, but it is our last

            resort.
            The present pay policy will inevitably have
            an adverse effect on quality. As Sir Roger put
            it, ‘The truth of the matter is that if they pay
            peanuts, they will get monkeys. '
            You can refer to a very small sum of money
            as peanuts.
            I design the clothes. She takes all the credit,
            and she pays me peanuts.

            pearls
            cast pearls before swine

            4

            If you say that someone is casting pearls
            before swine, you mean that they are wasting
            their time by offering something that is
            helpful or valuable to someone who does not
            appreciate or understand it. This is a literary
            expression.

            I have wonderful costumes. I scour second
            hand shops for interesting pieces like feathers
            and top hcUs, but it's like casting pearls before
            swine, they don't care what you wear.
            You can vary this expression in several
            ways, for example by saying that something
            is pearls before swine.
            The Musical Times, she tells me, is written by
            professionals for those with a genuine under
            standing of the finer points. I certainly hope so,
            or else my piece on some new Rossini editions,
            due to appear in the September issue of MT,
            will be pearls before swine.
            pearls of wisdom
            <
            If you describe something that someone has
            said or written as pearls of wisdom, you
            mean that it sounds very wise or helpful. You
            can also talk about a pearl of wisdom. People
            usually use this expression ironically, to
            suggest that in fact they think the person is
            saying something very obvious or boring.
            While we here in Arkansas are always so
            grateful for all the pearls of wisdom that may
            fall from Mr. Greenberg's lips. I believe that
            your audience should know that when Mr.
            Greenberg speaks on Arkansas politics he's not
            speaking as an objective, unbiased journalist.
            ‘Never be afraid of failure: just be afraid of
            not trying. ' Another pearl of wisdom.

            peas
            like two peas in a pod
            alike as two peas in a pod

            pecking

            292

            4

            If you say that two people are like two peas
            in a pod or are alike as two peas in a pod,

            you mean that they are very alike in appearance
            or character.
            She is convinced the men are brothers. She
            said: ‘It was uncanny. They were tike two peas
            in a pod.'
            7 remember,' he replied almost wistfully,
            ‘when you brought the twins to be baptized,
            Laura. Alike as two peas in a pod! I nearly
            mixed them up. '
            People often vary this expression, for example
            by describing two people as peas from
            the same pod
            The two men are peas from the same pod.
            They can conceive of no system other than
            democratic pluralism. they know of no way of
            ordering economies other than capitalism.

            pebble
            not the only pebble on the beach
            If you say that someone is not the only

            mean that they are
            not the only person who is important or
            should be considered in a particular situation,
            although they may think they are. This expression
            is used mainly in British English.
            You should encourage him to understand that
            he is very definitely not the only pebble on the
            pebble on the beach, you

            beach.
            As boarders at school they have learnt that
            they are not the only pebbles on the beach
            much sooner than their non-boarding counterparts.

            pecker
            keep your pecker up
            If someone tells you to keep your pecker
            up, they are encouraging you to remain
            cheerful in a difficult situation. This expression
            is used in British English.
            'I'll give you a ring later because I must go
            now.' ‘Fine. Well keep your pecker up ' TU
            try.'

            If someone or something keeps your pecker
            up, they help you to remain cheerful
            Mintel, the market analyst, tries to keep the
            business's pecker up. The Mintel report reckons
            there will always be a demand for package
            trips of some sort.

            pecking
            the pecking order

            444

            The pecking order in a group is the order
            of importance of the people or things within
            that group.
            Offices came in 29 sizes, which varied in accordance
            with the occupant's place in the corporate
            pecking order.
            As a player in category 12, he is way down
            the pecking order.

            1


                evince -p 312 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            pedestal
            fit its annual meeting in Nottingham, the
            Medical Association issued a grim
            warning that doctors may be forced to draw up
            a pecking order of operations.

            British

            pedestal
            Knock someone off

            their pedestal

            4

            someone or

            something knocks you off
            your pedestal, they show that you are not as
            good or talented as people generally think, or
            make people realize that you are not perfect.

            If

            Other verbs such as force' can be used in
            stead of ‘knock'.

            The lowest point of my life was failing my
            surgery exams on one small part: a 15-minute
            oral exam. That failure knocked me off my
            pedestal.
            The tabloids have been trying for several
            years now to knock Jackson from his pedestal.
            Many film stars of that generation were
            forced off their pedestal by the arrival of

            sound.

            O If you say that someone should come down
            from their pedestal, you mean that they
            should stop behaving as though they think
            they are perfect.
            She finds it difficult to come down from the
            pedestal where she had placed herself as the
            heroine of democracy.
            My advice to Paula is to climb down off her
            pedestal and get in touch with reality.

            put someone on a pedestal
            be on a pedestal
            444
            If someone puts you on a pedestal, they
            think you are extremely good or talented, or
            they seem not to realize that you are not perfect.
            Other verbs such as 'place' can be used
            instead of ‘put'.
            I put my own parents on a pedestal. I felt
            they could do no wrong.
            Our toughest task is to resist the tendency to
            place the other person on a pedestal, expecting
            them to live out for us some hero or heroine
            role which they cannot possibly fulfil.
            He had set her on a pedestal.
            O You can say that someone is on a pedestal
            °r sits on a pedestal when people think of
            them in this way.
            The Emperor is still safely on a pedestal.
            How can you have a relationship with a per
            feet being who's way up on a pedestal?
            She does not need to sit on a pedestal to support
            her own
            self-esteem.

            Peg

            a

            pegged

            293

            Peg on which to hang something
            If you use something as a peg on which to
            hang your ideas or opinions, you use it to
            'ntroduce or draw attention to these ideas or
            °Pinions. This expression can be used to indi
            cate that the ideas or opinions are not directly
            relevant to the main subject being discussed.
            He rarely discusses the book, using it as a
            peg on which to hang his opinions - and not
            necessarily those related to the book.
            In a purely political sense the detail is of little
            importance. It gives Opposition spokesmen a
            peg on which to try to hang accusations of government
            incompetence and mismanagement.

            a square peg in a round hole
            If you say that someone is a square

            4

            peg in

            a round hole, you mean that they are in a
            situation or are doing a task that does not
            suit them at all. You can also talk about a
            system forcing a square peg into a round
            hole to refer to this kind erf situation.
            Taylor is clearly the wrong man for the job
            a square peg in a round hole.
            The social conditioning factor has. in my
            opinion, caused more mental and physical illness
            than might be imagined Too many
            square pegs have been forced into round holes.
            This is an example of a square peg being
            driven mercilessly into a round hole
            People often vary this expression
            The system too often leads to round pegs be
            ing appointed to square holes.
            Can the work place provide enough square
            holes for square pegs, or society round pegs for
            round holes? Should we even expect a perfect

            -

            person-job fit?

            take someone down a peg or two
            bring someone down a peg or two
            4
            If you say that someone needs taking or
            bringing down a peg or two, you mean that
            they are behaving in an arrogant and unpleasant
            way and they should be made to realize
            that they are not as important or talent
            ed as they think.
            I do think he needed taking down a peg or
            two.
            We thought it was time they were brought
            down a peg or two.
            We'd have liked to see her taken down a peg,
            but not this way.
            You can make this expression more emphatic
            by talking about taking someone
            down a peg or three or taking them down
            several pegs.
            Perhaps it was just as well that my first contact
            with my relatives should take me down
            several pegs.

            pegged
            have someone pegged
            If you say that you have someone pegged.
            you mean that you understand completely the
            way they are or who they are.
            Those who have her pegged as fragile singer

                evince -p 313 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            pennies
            songwriter should hear her touring band at

            full tilt blasting out the Na Na Song.

            I want you to know that the drinkers in the
            cocktail lounge have you pegged for a detective.

            pennies
            pinch pennies
            If someone pinches pennies, they try to
            spend as little money as possible.
            States and the federal government are pinching
            pennies everywhere they can and often cut
            ting arts programs first.
            Markets are shrinking and customers are
            pinching pennies.
            The verb ‘pennypinch' has a similar mean
            ing, and there is also a much more frequent

            word 'pennypinching'. These words are genermore disapprovingly than ‘pinch

            ally used
            pennies'.

            penn'orth
            your two penn'orth

            perch

            294

            4

            If you have or put in your two penn'orth,
            you give your opinion about something, even
            if nobody has asked you for it. People occa
            sionally replace ‘two' with another number.
            This expression is used in British English;
            the American expression is your two cents'
            worth.
            I'm just putting my two penn'orth in, that's
            all. The same as you are.
            The meeting dragged on for more than five
            hours to ensure that they all had their four

            penn'orth.

            penny
            in for a penny, In for a pound
            You say ‘In for a penny, in for a pound' to
            indicate that you are firmly committed to a
            particular course of action, even though it
            will probably cost a lot of money or use a lot
            of resources if you continue. This expression
            is used in British English or in old-fashioned
            American English.
            In for a penny, in for a pound. I took the
            wine to the counter.
            This expression is sometimes varied. For
            example, if someone says ‘in for several
            pounds' instead of ‘in for a pound', they are
            emphasizing that the cost of something is
            likely to be extremely high.
            In for a penny, in for several pounds. I decided
            to top off my Versace leggings with a Donna
            Karan jacket.
            In for a penny, in for a pound. And I suppose,
            what with inflation, it follows that it's in
            for several pennies, in for several hundred
            pounds.

            the penny drops
            44
            When someone finally understands or real
            izes something, you can say that the penny
            has dropped This expression is used mainly
            in British English.
            It seems the penny has finally dropped
            house prices won't budge until first-time buyers
            are tempted into the market
            Eventually the penny dropped, when I got annoyed
            I succeeded, because of the extra force behind
            the shoL
            Quite suddenly the penny began to drop
            among national governments that a great deal
            of this obsession with secrecy was quite unnecessary.
            It took a while for the penny to drop.

            -

            penny-wise and pound-foolish
            If you say that someone is penny-wise and
            pound-foolish, you are criticizing them for
            being careful in small matters but careless in
            more important ones. This is an old fashioned
            expression, which is used mainly in British
            English.
            (f we had the right number of auditors to go
            out and check on this, we would have saved
            billions of dollars. In other words, we have
            been penny wise and really pound-foolish here.
            We are being penny wise and pound foolish,
            trying to save a few dollars and hastening the
            time when we are going to have another acci
            dent.

            turn up like a bad penny
            If you say that someone or something turns
            up like a bad penny, you mean that they appear
            again in a place where they are not welcome
            or wanted. You often use this expression
            to indicate that they keep doing this.
            This is an old-fashioned expression, which is
            used in British English.
            Her husband was able to trace her, to turn
            up again on her doorstep like the proverbial
            bad penny.
            Like a bad penny, the report has turned up
            again.

            two a penny
            ten a penny

            4

            If you say that things or people are two a
            penny or ten a penny, you mean that there
            are a great deal of them, and so they are not
            especially valuable or interesting. This expression
            is used in British English; the American
            expression is a dime a dozen.
            Books on golf are two a penny. There are
            ones on personalities, others on how to play the
            game; more on courses; and so on.
            Leggy blondes are two a penny in Hollywood.
            Gloomy economic forecasts are ten-a penny lb
            Europe

            perch
            fall off the perch
            If you say that someone falls off the perch


                evince -p 314 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            petard
            off their perch, you are saying in a
            humorous or light-hearted way that they die.
            Drop' and ‘topple' are sometimes used instead
            of 'fell'. This is an old-fashioned expression,
            which is used in British English.
            He fell off the perch years ago.
            He'll topple off his perch one morning. You
            know how it is.

            or falls

            knock you off your perch

            4
            fall off your perch
            If someone or something knocks you off
            your perch, they cause you to fail, or they

            status or position. When this
            can say that you fall ofT your
            perch, instead of ‘fall', you can use other
            verbs such as 'topple'. These expressions are
            used in British English.
            For the leading regional firms this is an excellent
            time to knock London firms off their
            perch and seize the advantages of lower fees
            and local contacts.
            There'll be no end of people ready to knock

            damage your
            happens, you

            you down or grin with glee when you fall off
            your perch.
            As one after another of the star companies of
            the 1980s fall on hard times, their high-flying
            executives are toppling from their perches.

            petard
            4
            hoist by your own petard
            If someone is hoist by their own petard,
            their plan to benefit themselves or to harm
            someone else results instead in benefit to the
            other person or harm to themselves. ‘By' can

            be replaced with ‘with', and in American English you usually use 'on\ This is a formal expression.

            When Japan and America were negotiating a
            bilateral commercial treaty, the Americans insisted
            on a provision that ensured American
            multinationals could put their own people into
            top positions in their Japanese subsidiaries.
            Now that Japanese multinationals are leading
            the way, America finds itself hoist by its own

            petard.

            Peter
            rob Peter to pay Paul
            If someone is robbing Peter to pay Paul.
            they are using money meant for paying off
            one debt to pay off a different debt and so
            they are still in debt.
            His mortgages ran into arrears and he borrowed
            from loan companies. He started robbing
            Peter to pay Paul.
            I have not starved yet but I am very con
            scious of shelving debts, of robbing Peter to
            Pay Paul.

            picture

            295

            phrase
            to coin a phrase

            4

            You say ‘to coin a phrase' when you are
            making a pun or using a cliche or colloquial
            expression, in order to show that you realize
            people might think that it is a silly or boring
            thing to say, but you think it is relevant in
            spite of this.
            Being gay is what I am, not the easiest of
            roads to follow, but it wasn't a choice. To coin
            a phrase, 'I am what / am'.
            7b coin a phrase, I am gobsmacked at John
            Major's warning that we must not expect too
            much from the Earth Summit and that Britain
            is too broke to help.

            picnic
            be no picnic

            4

            If you say that an experience, task, or activity
            is no picnic, you mean that it is difficult

            or unpleasant.
            'Poor little mites.' she said of the evacuees.
            ‘It's no picnic for them being taken away from
            their homes. '
            Being in between jobs ain't no picnic.

            picture
            get the picture
            44
            If someone gets the picture, they understand
            what another person is trying to explain
            or describe to them. This expression is

            often used in contexts where you are saying
            that someone does not understand something
            immediately.
            Anna was giggling. She was beginning to get
            the picture.
            They smoke, they play snooker, they do the
            pools. You get the picture. I'm sure.

            in the picture: 1

            4

            If you say that someone is in the picture,
            you mean that they are involved in the situation
            you are talking about. Compare out of
            the picture.
            Some people don't believe it will ever be safe
            to go home as long as the terrorists are still in
            the picture.
            If there is a home-wrecker in the picture, it is
            not her.

            in the picture: 2
            If you are in the

            picture for promotion or
            success, you are very likely to get a promotion
            or be successful Compare out of the picture.
            I don't think Foreman is in the picture. The
            only way we would consider him is if he fought
            and beat someone like Lennox Lewis.
            He told me that Annabella was back in the
            picture. She was the best one they could find.


                evince -p 315 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            pie
            out of the picture:1

            4

            If you say that someone is out of the picture.
            you mean that they are no longer involved
            in the situation you are talking about.
            Compare in the picture.
            Once Derek was out of the picture, however,
            Malcolm's visits to the Swires became more frequent.
            Maybe with Paula out of the picture. Mark
            would be willing to talk.

            out of the picture: 2

            4

            If someone is out of the picture, they are
            not one of the people who is being considered
            for a promotion or place on a team. Compare
            in the picture.
            But I've been told I'm fifth-choice striker, so
            I'm totally out of the picture.
            put someone in the picture
            keep someone in the picture
            44
            If you put someone in the picture, you tell
            them about a situation which they need to
            know about. If you keep them in the picture,
            you keep them aware of any changes or developments
            in the situation. These expressions
            are used in British English.
            1 believe that I could now produce evidence to
            prove my case, if you are prepared to listen. 1
            brought you here for that reason, to put you in
            the picture.
            Has Inspector Fayard put you in the picture?
            He's changed so many things - too many to
            mention. But he's always kept me in the picture.

            pie
            eat humble pie
            If someone eats humble

            4

            pie, they admit

            that they have been wrong and apologize, especially
            in situations where this is humiliat
            ing or embarrassing for them
            The Queen's Press secretary offered his resignation
            over his personal attack on the duchess.
            He was forced to eat humble pie yesterday and
            publicly apologise to the duchess.
            After their victory at Tottenham, Molby insisted,
            ‘The critics were too quick to give their
            verdict on us. We hope they'll be eating humble
            pie before the end of the season. '
            Humble pie is sometimes used in other
            structures with a similar meaning.
            Nigel Mansell's critics may be helping them
            selves to a slice cf humble pie this morning after
            his hard-won third place in yesterday's

            race.
            pic in the sky

            44

            If you describe an idea, plan, or promise as
            pie in the sky, you mean that it is very un
            likely to happen
            Jimmy Knapp, the leader

            L

            pieces

            296

            of the

            biggest

            railuiaymen's union, promptly claimed that privatisation
            was now even more pie in the sky
            Ideally what I would like to see would be free
            childcare, but I think that's a bit pie in the sky
            at the moment.
            D You can also use pie-in-the-sky before a

            noun.

            Changes are a real possibility. This is not
            pie-in-the-sky stuff.
            Is it all just a pie-in-the-sky idea? It is certainly
            a major job, and not cheap.

            piece
            all of a piece

            4

            If something is all of a piece, each part or
            aspect of it is consistent with all the others.
            You can also say that one thing is all of a
            piece with another
            Thus the biosphere is all of a piece, an im
            mense, integrated, living system.
            The sudden familiarity when he got up and
            took her proffered hand was all of a piece with
            the gentle ease with which he inquired how she

            was.

            a piece of cake

            44

            If you say that something is a piece of
            cake, you mean that it is very easy to do.
            'It's not exactly a stressful job is it?' 'If it's
            quiet, U's a piece of cake. It's just a bit bonng. '
            Fathoming the complexities of maternity benefits
            makes the actual process of childbirth look
            like a piece of cake.

            a piece of piss
            In British English, if you say that something
            is a piece of piss, you mean that it is very
            easy to do. This is a very informal expression,
            which some people find offensive.
            The one thing people think is how difficult
            touring Is. but really, it's a piece of piss

            say your piece
            If you say your piece, you

            4

            give your opin
            ion about a particular matter, although you
            are aware that other people may not agree
            with you. or be interested in what you have

            to say.
            Each preacher stood for two minutes on a
            box, said his piece, and stepped down.
            You've got to say your piece quickly before
            you get cut off.

            pieces
            44
            go to pieces: 1
            If you go to pieces, you are so upset or distressed
            by something that you cannot control
            your emotions or cope with the things that
            you have to do.
            She's a strong woman, but she nearly went to

            pieces when Amie died.


                evince -p 316 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            pig
            Every time he's faced with a problem he goes
            to pieces
            go to pieces: 2
            If you say that something such as your work
            or a relationship has gone to pieces, you
            as good as it once
            mean thatyouit is no longer
            cannot stop it getting worse.
            was and
            My work is all going to pieces.
            She was one point away from a seemingly unassailable
            5-1 lead over Steffi Graf, when her
            game went to pieces.

            pick up the pieces

            444

            If you pick up the pieces sifter something
            bad has happened, you do what you can to get
            the situation back to normal again.
            Louie had sent his business manager into my
            life to help pick up the pieces of my shattered
            career and finances.
            People in the high desert communities near
            Palm Springs, California, are picking up the

            after last night's earthquake.
            shot to pieces
            pieces

            If you say that something such as your confidence
            or a plan is shot to pieces, you mean
            that it is completely ruined.
            When I came here my confidence was shot to
            pieces. What's happened since is all down to
            Kevin. He's worked wonders, just filling me
            with so much self belief.
            Bob's been gone two days, off with some new
            girlfriend, and the whole schedule's shot to
            pieces.

            The economy is shot to pieces, thousands are
            losing their jobs every day. and the chances of
            economic recovery have receded for yet another
            year.

            P'K
            eat like a pig
            If you say that someone eats like a pig, you
            disapprove of the way that they eat a lot of
            food, usually in a greedy or disgusting man

            ner.

            She could hear the part of herself that was
            self-critical say, ‘You eat like a pig. I can't
            stand looking at you. You're fat. '

            In the Middle Ages everyone ate in the same
            manner like pigs.
            like a greased pig
            If someone moves like a greased pig. they
            move very fast and nobody can catch them or
            stop them. This expression is used mainly in

            American English.

            make a pig of yourself

            If you say that someone is making a pig of
            you are criticizing them for eat,r>g a very large amount at one meal.
            I'm afraid / made a pig of myself at dinner.

            themselves,

            pigeon

            297

            make a pig's ear of something
            If you say that someone makes a pig's ear
            of something that they are doing, you are saying
            in a forceful way that they are doing it
            very badly. This expression is used in British
            English.
            I made a pig's ear of it last tune and I'm going
            to make sure that won't happen again.
            (Xher countries, it is true, have also made a
            pig's ear out of their radioactive waste policy.
            But Britain 's performance is the worst.
            People sometimes vary this expression, for
            example by saying that something is a pig's

            ear.
            A decent producer was brought in to tidy up
            Steve's pig's ear of a production.
            The current state of British sports politics
            represents an absolute pig's ear.
            a pig in a poke
            If you buy or accept a pig in a poke, you
            buy or accept something without examining it
            or thinking about it carefully first, with the
            result that you do not know what you are get
            ting, or you get something that you do not
            want. This is a fairly old fashioned expression.
            The state was going to get a building that
            they could redevelop. But what's really happen
            ing here is that the state may be stuck with a
            pig in a poke.
            Most of these people, I think, are more com
            fortable muddling along as they are than going
            with the kind of pig in a poke that these
            military coup plotters have promised

            squeal like a stuck pig
            If you say that someone is squealing like a
            stuck pig, you mean that they are screaming
            very loudly, as though they are in a lot of
            pain. You can replace ‘squeal' with ‘scream'
            or ‘sound'.
            Alan tried to calm him while Miller con
            tinued to scream like a stuck pig.
            sweat like a pig
            If you say that someone is sweating like a
            pig, you are emphasizing that they are very
            hot and they are sweating a lot. This is an informal
            expression.
            The two officers standing just out of camera
            shot were sweating like pigs in the studio
            lights.
            To put it Quite bluntly, my husband sweats

            like a pig.

            pigeon
            be someone's pigeon
            If something is your pigeon, you have to
            deal with it. This is an old fashioned expression,
            which is used in British English.
            I'm sorry to load this on you. Harry, but I'm


                evince -p 317 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            piggy
            selfishly glad it's your pigeon rather than
            mine.

            piggy
            the piggy in the middle
            You can say that someone is the piggy in
            the middle when they are involved against

            their will in a conflict between two other people
            or groups, which leads to a very unpleas
            ant situation for them. This expression is
            used in British English.
            When the men in boiler suits arrive on
            Doug's cruiser it's not to service his engine. He
            finds himself piggy in the middle of a cannabis
            smuggling outfit and the Customs.
            Piggy in the middle is a children's game
            in which two children throw a ball to each
            other over the head of a third child who tries
            to catch it.

            pigs
            pigs might fly
            4
            when pigs fly
            If you say ‘pigs might fly* or ‘when pigs
            fly' after someone has said that something
            might happen, you mean that you think it is
            very unlikely. These expressions are used
            mainly in spoken English.
            'There's a chance he isn't involved in this, of
            course. ' ‘And pigs might fly. '
            People often vary this expression, for exam
            pie by saying they saw a pig flying by.
            'Maybe one day we'll be seen as entertain
            ing. ' 'Oh look, I just saw a pig fly by my win

            dow.'

            pike

            come down the pike

            pill

            298

            4

            If something is coming down the pike, it is
            starting to happen or to become available.
            This expression is used in American English.
            There may be some new treatments coming
            down the pike. There's a new medicine called
            tacrine or THA that was recently made available.
            There's been threats out of the White House to
            veto any legislation that comes down the pike,
            like family leave or a civil rights bill.

            pile
            the bottom of the pile
            4
            the top of the pile
            Someone who is at the bottom of the pile
            is low down in society or in an organization.
            Someone who is at the top of the pile is high
            up in society or in an organization. The ex
            pressions the bottom of the heap and the
            top of the heap mean the same.
            Tragically, organized labour has paid for its
            disregard of workers at the bottom cf the pile.

            Their position, at the bottom of the social
            pile, has resulted in them suffering from indifference
            at best, exploitation and oppression at

            worst.

            You may not like to admit that you are ambitious
            but you must know deep down that you
            want to be on the top of the pile.

            pill
            sugar the pill
            sweeten the pill
            sugar-coat the pill

            44

            If you sugar the pill or sweeten the pill,
            you try to make bad news or an unpleasant

            situation more acceptable for someone by giving
            them or telling them something good or
            pleasant at the same time. These forms of the
            expression are used in British English; in
            American English, the usual form is sugarcoat the pill.
            Ministers may reprieve Harefield hospital, the
            world's leading heart transplant centre, to sugar
            the pill of a further round of hospital cuts
            and closures in London and the South-east.
            Actors - even the most famous - are often insecure
            and, anyway, we all thrive on encouragement.
            A few words of praise help to sweeten
            the pill of criticism.
            His bitter pill was sugarcoated with a promise
            of free and fair' elections.
            These expressions are often varied.
            The appalling timing of that vote has
            brought the game's followers to an anger rarely
            equalled. Now comes the sugared pill in the
            shape of the Conference, and not surprisingly
            Geoff Fletcher was not prepared to swallow it
            All that talk about our 'mutual' concerns was
            nothing, of course, but sugarcoating meant to
            ease the pill down his throat.

            swallow a bitter pill
            44
            a bitter pill to swallow
            If someone has to swallow a bitter pill.
            they have to accept a difficult or unpleasant
            fact or situation.
            Mr Major hopes that with Ministers taking a
            lead in the bid to keep down wages, the nation
            can be persuaded to swallow the bitter pill.
            Gordon Hodgson, Cowie's chief executive, said
            the failure to win was 'a little bit of a bitter
            pill to swallow'
            New music is no longer a bitter pill that
            must be swallowed before we can wallow in old

            favourites.

            D You can also refer to a difficult or unpleasant
            fact or situation which you have to accept
            as a bitter pill
            I'm not going to tell you this is not a bitter
            pill for the armed forces, because clearly it is.


                evince -p 318 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            pillar
            pillar

            4
            from pillar to post
            If someone is moved from pillar to post,
            they are moved repeatedly from one place or
            position to another, usually in a hurried or
            disorganized way so that they suffer as a result.
            This expression is used in British English
            and in old-fashioned American English.
            A police spokesman said: 'Both sides are ex
            hausted after a weekend of being shoved from
            pillar to post. '
            / didn 't want the children pushed from pillar
            to post.

            pillar to post

            In sport, especially horse racing, a pillar to
            post victory is one in which the winner was
            in the lead from the start of the race. This expression
            is used in British journalism.
            Sally Prosser held o/f the best of the Far East
            to top the Asian circuit, thanks largely to a pit
            lar to post victory in the JAL Malaysian Open.

            pilot
            on automatic pilot
            on autopilot

            44

            If you are on automatic pilot or on autopilot,
            you are acting without thinking about
            what you are doing, usually because you have
            done it many times before or because you are

            very tired.
            Razzall has worked at number 2B Lincoln's
            Inn Fields since he joined the firm in 1966. 'I
            expect I'll turn up here on auto-pilot for the
            first few weeks before I find I'm in the wrong
            place. ' he says.
            Steve seemed to be on automatic pilot and
            able to go on driving without a word of complaint

            or apparent fatigue.
            When the kids came home l just switched on
            to autopilot, making the tea. listening to them

            fight
            n Autopilot' is often written
            British English.

            as 'auto-pilot' in

            Pinch
            *n

            a pinch
            a pinch

            pins

            299

            44

            If you say that it is possible to do something
            at a pinch or in a pinch, you mean that it
            just be done if it is absolutely necessary.
            fan
            At a pinch' is used in British English and ‘in
            a Pinch' is used in American English.
            people, and more at a pinch, could be
            seated comfortably at the table
            This dish is best served cold. Allow at least
            at> hour of marinating time, but 10-15 minutes
            w,tl do at a pinch.
            The ballroom could easily handle two hun
            ared chairs, more in a pinch.

            feel the pinch
            444
            If a person or company is feeling the
            pinch, they do not have as much money as
            they used to have, and so they cannot buy the
            things they would like to buy.
            Poor households are still feeling the pinch
            and the imposition of VAT on fuel from next
            April will make matters worse.
            Japanese car makers are feeling the pinch of
            an economic slowdown at home.
            Economic problems are mounting to the point
            where ordinary voters are beginning to feel the
            pinch.

            pink
            in the pink
            If you say that someone is in the pink or in
            the pink of condition, you mean that they
            are very fit and healthy. You can also say
            that they are in the pink of health These
            are all old fashioned expressions.
            He insists that Mr Harris, a non smoker, ap
            peared in the pink of health
            4
            tickled pink
            If you are tickled pink about something,
            you are extremely pleased about it.

            ‘As a developer, I'm tickled pink by the drophe
            said.
            Her dressmaker, Nicole Marnier, would just
            be tickled pink if we put one of her outfits in
            the magazine.

            ping prices. '

            pins
            for two pins
            People say ‘for two pins' to indicate that
            they would definitely do something if they

            were able to, but other factors or considerations
            make it impossible to do it. This is an
            old fashioned expression, which is used mainly
            in British English.
            Now his eyelids were smarting and heavy
            and he could feel that his face was flushed in
            the hot little room For two pins he'd have fallen
            asleep there and then.

            on pins and needles
            sit on pins and needles
            If you are on pins and needles or are sitting
            on pins and needles, you are very anxious
            or nervous because you are waiting to
            see if something happens the way you want it
            to. These expressions are used mainly in
            American English.
            We were approaching Cape Horn, where we
            had almost lost our lives two years ago, and so
            until we would get around Cape Horn, I was
            definitely on pins and needles.
            I think we all have been sitting on pins and
            needles and anxious for something to happen.


                evince -p 319 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            pipe
            pipe
            put that in your pipe and smoke it
            People sometimes say ‘put that in your
            pipe and smoke it' to tell you that although
            you may dislike or disagree with something
            they have just said, you must accept that it is

            a feet or true.
            As for rules, the only person who makes rules
            in this house is me. So you can tell Miss
            Underwood from me: she can put that in her
            pipe and smoke it.

            pipeline
            in the pipeline

            is an informal expression, which some people
            find offensive.
            Men will not worry about how powerful their
            Hoover is, but they'll hit each other if one
            thinks the other is taking the piss out of his

            car.

            You can refer to an instance of this behaviour
            as a piss-take.
            In a long-overdue piss-take of the cop movie,
            Emilio Estevez and Samuel L Jackson crash
            through 83 minutes of slam-bom entertainment

            pitch
            444

            If something is in the pipeline, it is being
            planned or is in progress. In the works
            means the same.
            New security measures are in the pipeline, including
            closed-circuit TV cameras in most
            stores plus secret tags on goods.
            The worrying thing is that the Government
            denied there would be mine closures, even when
            they were already in the pipeline.
            Over 350 major hospital schemes have been
            completed There are nearly 300 more in the
            pipeline.

            piper
            he who pays the piper calls the tune

            4

            When people say ‘he who pays the piper
            calls the tune', they are referring to the idea
            that the person who pays for something has
            the right to decide how that thing operates or
            is organized. Call the tune is also used on its

            own as an expression: see tune.

            Chairman John Elfred Jones, said: ‘He who
            pays the piper should call the tune. It's impor
            tant our customers have a real say on the balance
            between demands for improved services
            and increasing charges. '
            The ancient law that he who pays the piper
            calls the tune has not been repealed even in
            this permissive democracy.
            People often vary this expression.
            If Europe and Japan are to pay the piper,
            they will expect at least some say in his choice

            of tune.
            Britain's 35 million domestic policyholders
            have nothing to worry about yet. but eventually
            someone has to pay the piper.
            He said there was a strong tendency to call
            the tune without paying the piper or providing
            the pipe.

            piss
            take the piss

            place

            300

            444

            In British English, if someone is taking the
            piss out of another person or thing, they are
            teasing them or making jokes about them in a
            way that causes them to seem ridiculous. This

            make a pitch: 1

            44

            If someone makes a pitch for something,
            they tell people how good that thing is and
            try to persuade them to support it or buy it.
            The president also used his remarks to make
            a pitch for further space exploration
            She made her entire pitch without once mentioning
            where the merchandise was manufactured.
            Bill Clinton made a final pitch to Wisconsin
            voters last night
            make a pitch: 2
            44
            If someone makes a pitch for something,
            they try to obtain that thing.
            So far Federal Reserve Chairman Alan
            Greenspan hasn't made a pitch for the job.
            When we first opened the restaurant, we
            made a pitch for Chinese diners.
            queer someone's pitch
            if someone queers your pitch, they make it
            very difficult for you to achieve what you are
            trying to do. This expression is used mainly
            in British English.
            We did everything we could for you here, and
            you repay the school by doing your best to
            queer the pitch for us at a college to which we
            normally send a number of boys.
            It could just be the poachers are trying to tell
            the government not to queer their pitch.

            place
            fall into place: I

            444

            If you have been trying to understand something,
            and then everything falls into place,
            you suddenly understand it and everything

            becomes clear. Verbs such as ‘click' and ‘fit'
            can be used instead of ‘fall'.
            Bits

            of the puzzle fell

            into place. He knew

            now who had written the letter summoning Father
            Benjamin.
            Suddenly, everything clicked into place. I
            could see now how to get the shot I wanted.
            It was all fitting into place.

            fall into place: 2

            444

            If things fall into place, events happen
            naturally to produce the situation you want

                evince -p 320 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            places
            Verbs such as 'click' and 'fit' can be used in
            stead of 'fall'

            During February everything will start to fall
            into place, leaving you with a satisfied feeling
            that you're living life to the full.
            As soon as I moved into midfield everything
            into place. All my confidence
            started fallingback
            and I ended up winning a
            came flooding

            place with England.

            a place in the sun

            4

            If you say that someone has found their
            place in the sun, you mean that they are in
            a job or situation where they will be happy
            and well-off, and have everything that they

            want
            I've done what everybody's done. I've fought

            my way in. I think I've earned my place in the

            sun.
            With the years of hardship and humiliation
            behind them, they were looking forward to a
            period of stability and the chance of a place in

            the sun.

            44
            put someone in their place
            If you put someone in their place, you
            show them that they are less important or

            clever than they think they are.
            In a few words she had not only put him in
            his place, but delivered a precise and damning
            assessment of his movie.

            take second place
            444
            If one thing or person takes second place
            to another, the first thing or person is considered
            to be less important and is given less at
            tention than the second.
            My personal life has had to take second place
            to my career.
            Stall holders appeared to be doing brisk busi
            ness in the bright June sunshine. But business
            definitely took second place to entertainment.
            She was for years married to Ben Nicholson,
            and nobody ever saw her as taking second
            place.

            •

            places

            so places

            44

            If you say that someone is going places.
            you mean that they are showing a lot of tal
            ent or ability and are likely to become very
            successful.
            When we came out, one of the doctors said,
            'You're a hell of a surgeon. You are going
            t

            Places. '
            If we can play like that every week, then this
            dub is going places.
            in high places
            444
            People in high places are people who have
            Powerful and influential positions in a govemment, society, or organization.

            plank

            301

            You do not rise so high, so fast, without having
            a few friends in high places.
            iMst year's attempted coups had been motivated.
            the plotters said at the time, by the desire to
            end corruption in high places.
            An opponent talked of his flawed pedigree'; a
            rival once spoke of 'low standards in high
            places'.

            plague
            avoid something like the plague
            4
            If you say that you avoid someone or something
            like the plague, you are emphasizing
            that you deliberately avoid them because you
            dislike them so much.
            I would avoid him like the plague when his
            wife and my parents were around.
            I normally avoid cheap Chianti like the
            plague.

            plain
            plain as a pikestaff
            If you say that something is as plain as a
            pikestaff, you are emphasizing that it is very
            obvious or easy to understand This is an old
            fashioned British expression.
            The Inspector sat back, relaxed. 'You're on to
            a loser here. Lennox. Plain as a pikestaff, the
            whole thing. '
            plain as day
            If you say that something is as plain as
            day. you mean that it is very easy to see. or
            that it is very obvious and easy to under
            stand. Clear as day means the same.
            He was lying there plain as day. a starchy
            sheet covering the lower half of his hospital

            gown.
            I think we're entitled to be optimistic because
            it's just as plain as day that Queensland has
            grown 13 percent since 1986.

            plain as the nose on your face
            If you say that something is as plain as the
            nose on your face, you are emphasizing that
            it is very obvious or easy to understand.
            It's plain as the nose on your face that this
            company is wildly undervalued.
            His humour can be as plain as the nose on
            your face.

            plank
            walk the plank
            walk the gangplank

            4

            If something goes wrong and someone in a

            position of authority walks the plank, they
            accept responsibility for what has happened
            and leave their position. You can also say
            that someone walks the gangplank These
            expressions are used mainly in journalism.
            If they think that the President is going to


                evince -p 321 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            plate
            lose, they might decide, ‘OK, why should I walk
            the plank for him?'
            British Petroleum will unveil its secondquarter results on Thursday, only six weeks after
            the boardroom mutiny that saw Robert
            Horton walk the plank.
            O Many people believe that pirates used to
            kill their prisoners by forcing them to walk
            along a plank or gangplank sticking out from
            the edge of a ship until they fell into the sea.

            plate
            hand

            someone something on a plate
            44

            If you say that someone was handed some
            thing desirable on a plate, you are showing
            disapproval of the fact that they were given it
            without having to work for it or make an ef
            fort to get it. Other verbs can be used instead
            of ‘hand'. This expression is used mainly in
            British English.
            He conveyed the unfortunate impression of

            never having had to fight for anything in his
            life: even the presidency was handed to him on
            a plate.
            He had had everything, the whole world
            handed to him on a plate.
            Why must our kids have everything served up
            on a plate? We had to make do with our own
            ingenuity and I'm sure we had more fun and

            satisfaction as a result.

            have enough on your plate
            have a lot on your plate
            44
            have your plate full
            If you have enough on your plate or have
            a lot on your plate, you have a lot of work to
            do or a lot of things to deal with.
            I'm sorry to bother you with it, Mark, but
            John's got enough on his plate.
            He's got enough on his plate without worrying
            about tactics and the performances cf others.
            Yeltsin's got a lot on his plate. He's got to
            sort out the future structure of power within

            his own republic.
            You can also say that someone has their
            plate full or has a full plate.
            I'm making no promises. My staff have their
            plate full at the present time.

            platter
            on a silver platter
            on a platter
            If you are given something on a silver

            playing field

            302

            •4

            plat
            ter or on a platter, you are given it without
            having to work or make an effort to get it

            If someone offers you Paris, fashion, and the
            Louvre on a silver platter, how can you hesitate?
            You act like a five-year-old. You expect me to

            hand you everything on a silver platter, and
            when you don't get it, you stamp your little foot
            and cry.
            The Opposition has been handed this issue on
            a platter.

            play
            make a play for:1
            If someone makes a play for something
            that they want, they try to get it.
            Analysts say the company could soon be making
            a play for properties around the world.
            He wondered if Sheridan were capable of
            making a destructive play for control of the Society.

            make a play for: 2
            If someone makes a play for a person who
            they find sexually attractive, they try to win
            their attention or admiration.
            All the girls made a play for him.
            If a woman makes an obvious play for a man
            it can be immensely flattering.

            make great play of something
            make a big play of something
            If you say that someone makes great play
            of something, you mean that they put too
            much emphasis on it or exaggerate its importance.
            You can also say that someone makes

            a great play of something or makes a big
            play of it. These expressions are used in British
            English.
            The Conservatives made great play of the defection
            to them of 20 former members cf the
            SDP
            They're very nervous, very eager to show
            who's boss. They get us out of the car and
            make a big play cf examining our papers.
            Maria was there, making a great play with a
            duster, but apparently doing very little
            You can just say that someone makes a
            play of something.
            Both men made a play cf wiping the dirt

            from her coat
            play someone for a fool
            If someone plays you for a fool, they deceive
            you and use you for their own advantage.
            Other nouns with a similar meaning can
            be used instead of ‘fool'.
            John, do not play me for a fool You owe me
            better than that.
            The time wore on. though, and she realized
            she was no closer to getting the money than before.
            Ken had probably played her for a sucker
            again.

            playing field
            a level playing field
            444
            level the playing field
            You use a level playing field to refer to a


                evince -p 322 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            plot
            that is fair. You usually use this exsituation
            when
            talking about the fact that a
            pression
            fair, or when saying that you
            not
            is
            situation
            be fair. This expression can be
            think it should
            for example by using ‘even' or ‘un
            varied,

            even1 instead of ‘level1.

            At the moment we are not competing on a lev
            el playing field.
            VYe must insist that trade with the nations qf
            Europe. Asia and elsewhere at the very least be

            conducted on a level playing field.

            The playing field isn't quite level yet
            Back-door maneuvering is not the place where

            Great Lakes protection should be decided. It
            needs to be decided out in the public where we
            can all participate on an even playing field.
            H If you say that you want to level the playing
            field, you mean that you want to make a
            situation fair, by ensuring that nobody has an
            advantage

            poacher

            303

            over other people.

            That's another way qf leveling the playing

            field

            Industry analysts say the agreement should
            help level the playing field, but won't end cutthroat
            competition for control of the world air
            craft market.

            plot
            the plot thickens

            4

            If you say ‘the plot thickens' when you are
            describing a complicated situation or series of
            events, you mean that it starts to become
            even more complicated or mysterious.
            / rang my ever useful neighbour, Farmer
            White, to ask his advice. Here the plot thickens;
            for he knows an engineer cf the old school,
            ideal to carry out such a repair. But he is a retired
            man and will only work for a chosen few.
            Will he come or won't he?
            At this point the plot thickened further. A
            link emerged between the attempt to kill the
            Pope and the kidnapping cf the American.

            plug
            Pull the plug on something
            If someone with power pulls the plug on a

            or activity, they stop supporting it, so
            that the project or activity fails and has to
            stop. You usually use this expression to talk
            project

            about financial support being withdrawn.

            Theoretically, the banks have the power to
            Pull the plug on the project if they do not like
            ihe companies' sums.
            The Government has set out detailed conditions under which it would pull the plug on
            the sale.
            Recovery brings an increase in asset values.
            That makes it more profitable for creditors
            t mainly banks) to pull the plug, because there
            ls more chance of them getting their money

            back once the assets they can sell are worth
            something.

            plum

            a plum in your mouth
            In British English, if you say that someone
            speaks with a plum in their mouth, you are
            showing your disapproval of them for having
            an upper-class accent or for being upper class.
            I heard Mr Downer speaking on the radio on
            the previous day. I was not conscious of the
            'plum in the mouth', but I was aware of his
            clear diction.
            Where a Tory spokesman may speak with a
            plum in his mouth, it is fitting that Labour's
            man does it with ball bearings.

            plunge
            take the plunge

            444

            If you decide to take the plunge, you decide
            to do something that you have been thinking
            of doing for some time, even though it is diffi
            cult, risky, or unpleasant
            Helen decided to take the plunge and turned
            professional in 1991.
            The problem is that no one government is
            prepared to take the plunge Everyone is wait
            ing for everyone else to go first.
            Finally, Mona took the plunge 7 have something
            to tell you. she said.
            1

            poacher
            poacher turned gamekeeper
            If you say that someone is poacher turned
            gamekeeper, you mean that they have
            changed their job or opinion and now have
            one which seems the opposite of the one they
            had before. This expression is used in British
            English.
            John Walters has just retired after twenty
            years as a Radio One producer but it's going to
            be a case of poacher turned gamekeeper for
            John because, this week on Greater London Ra
            dio, he'll become a DJ.
            Gary Mason, boxing's poacher turned game
            keeper, will make his managerial debut tomor

            row.

            O You can also say that someone is gamekeeper turned poacher, especially when you
            think they have gone from a respectable position
            to a less respectable one.
            Gamekeeper turned poacher after two years
            with the Financial Times, energy reporter Jane
            Sayers resigned yesterday to join a public relations
            firm.


                evince -p 323 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            pocket

            point

            304

            pocket

            be used permanently to compensate

            dip into your pocket
            dig deep into your pocket
            -4-4-4
            dig deep
            If someone dips into their pocket or digs
            into their pocket in order to pay for something,
            they pay for it with their own money.
            You can also say that someone dips their
            hand into their pocket.
            The Government has decided to chase errant
            fathers and get them to dip into their pockets
            and provide for their children.
            Potential lenders will need to be persuaded
            that the government is tackling its economic
            problems before they dig into their pockets

            pocket pensioners.

            again.

            What this club needs is for the directors to
            dip their hands in their pockets.
            If you say that someone digs deep into
            their pocket in order to pay for something,
            you mean that they use a lot of their own
            money to pay for it. If they dig deeper into
            their pocket, they use more of their own
            money.
            Adrian dug deep into his own pocket and
            published the book himself
            The other countries are hoping that the West
            will dig deeper into its pockets than it has al
            ready promised.
            You can just say that someone digs deep,
            or that they dig deeper.
            At Christmas, most will dig deep and spend
            more than last year
            France would step up the pressure on its rich
            colleagues to dig deeper.

            in someone's pocket
            If you are in someone's pocket, they control
            you or have power over you and so you do
            everything that they tell you.
            Surely there was a judge somewhere who
            wasn't in Jason's pocket.
            The Labour party suffered badly in the election
            from Conservative claims that it was in
            the pockets of the unions.
            44
            out of pocket: 1
            if you are left out of pocket, you have less
            money than you should have or than you intended,
            for example because something was
            more expensive than you expected or because
            of a mistake.
            The promoter claims he was left £36,000 out

            cf pocket.

            I did make an offer through solicitors that If
            Mr Reynolds felt he was out of pocket we
            would be prepared to look at it
            As he'd been paid half his fee in advance he
            wouldn't be out of pocket.
            You can use out-of-pocket before a noun to
            describe someone who is in this situation.
            Mr Ulley does not want the public purse to

            out of pocket: 2

            out-of44

            Out-of-pocket expenses are expenses which

            someone pays out of their own money, and
            which are normally paid back later.
            I charge twenty dollars an hour plus out-of
            pocket expenses.
            In American English, if you pay out of
            pocket, you pay for something yourself and
            claim the money back later.
            As long as people have to pay out of pocket to
            see a physician, there will be a deterrent to
            seeking necessary care.

            pockets
            line your pockets
            44
            If you accuse someone of lining their pockets,
            you are accusing them of making a lot of
            money in a dishonest or unfair way. If you
            say that they are lining another person's
            pockets, you mean that they are making a lot
            of money for the other person in a dishonest
            or unfair way.
            He has been lining his pockets for 27 years
            while his country has festered in poverty.
            Prosecutors say Morris lined his own pockets
            with most of the cash, buying a Mercedes Benz,
            jewelry and paying off credit card debts as
            well
            This is a government that ignores the needs
            of the majority in order to line the pockets of
            the favoured few.

            live in each other's pockets
            If you say that two or more people live in
            each other's pockets, you mean that they
            spend a great deal of time together. You
            usually use this expression to suggest that
            this is a bad thing, because they do not have
            enough time on their own or with other people
            as a result You can use another verb instead
            of ‘live'. This expression is used mainly
            in British English.
            Just because you're married doesn't mean you
            have to live in each other's pockets.
            This is insufficient to explain how the two of
            them survived 23 years in each other's pockets.

            point
            44
            boiling point
            If a situation reaches boiling point, it becomes
            very tense or dangerous because the
            people involved are so angry that they are
            likely to go out of control.
            As the debts piled up, hostilities reached boil
            ing point.

            Tempers were already close to boiling point
            as the dispute remained deadlocked for the

            ninth day.


                evince -p 324 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            points
            4
            put too fine a point on it
            not to say
            ‘not to put too fine a point on it'

            You

            order to indicate that what you are about
            to say may sound unpleasant, unkind, or critical
            This expression is used in British Engin

            lish

            We didn t meet. In fact, not to put too fine a
            point on it. / was warned off.
            Sun City has had, not to put too fine a point
            on it. a slightly tacky reputation.
            444
            a sticking point
            A sticking point is a problem which stops
            you from achieving something, especially in a
            series of negotiations or a discussion.
            Sources say a Republican call for a cut in the
            capital gains tax is the main sticking point in
            budget negotiations
            The sticking point is the method by which

            millionaires will be made to pay more taxes.

            points

            score

            points: 1

            444

            someone scores

            points off you, they gain
            an advantage over you, especially in a discussion
            or argument. This expression is often
            used to suggest that they are not really inter
            ested in the issues being discussed, but are
            just trying to show that they are better than
            you
            They're not remotely concerned about the dis
            abled They're concerned about trying to score
            points off Willie Brown, the Democratic speaker
            of the State Assembly.
            The Shadow Cabinet are a talented group of
            people and right up to the election they were
            constantly scoring points off the government.
            He has been trying hard not to appear as
            though he was using the situation to score po
            If

            litical points.
            You can refer to this type of behaviour as

            point-scoring.
            We shan't succeed if we indulge in selfrighteous point scoring for the benefit of audiences
            and voters at home.
            We can see our leaders looking shifty in
            close up every night on television There is no

            frankness, only point scoring.

            score points: 2
            If you score points with someone, you do
            something that impresses them or makes
            them think favourably of you.
            Again, lame paused, clearly confident in his
            arguments. He was scoring points with the
            judge and the spectators. The momentum was
            clearly with him The judge kept nodding in
            agreement

            greasy pole

            is moving up the greasy pole, you mean that
            they are reaching a more successful position
            as a result of working very hard and dealing
            with all the difficulties they meet. This ex
            pression is often used disapprovingly, to sug
            gest that their ambitions are wrong or their
            methods are dishonest.
            Michael's ambition was focused: he would impress
            the boss and start up the greasy pole.
            He was just another, albeit particularly
            hardworking, local politician climbing assidu
            ously up the greasy pole.
            The way has now been eased to allow other
            women of courage and commitment to follow
            me up the greasy pole of promotion

            pole position
            If you are in pole position, you are in a
            very strong position in a competition or competitive
            situation, and are likely to win or be
            successful This expression is used mainly in
            British English
            They've been favourites all season and are in

            pole position now
            The winners would be in pole position to bid
            to run the station, expected to come on air in
            spring 1995.
            This expression comes from motor racing.
            where the driver who starts the race in front
            of all the other drivers is said to start in pole
            position This is the more frequent use of
            this expression, and occurs in both British
            and American English.
            Some people use the word ‘poll' instead of
            •pole' in this expression, but it is generally
            considered incorrect.

            wouldn't touch something with a barge
            pole

            wouldn't touch something with a ten4
            foot pole
            If you say that you wouldn't touch something
            or someone with a barge pole, you
            mean that you do not want to have anything
            to do with them, because you do not trust
            them or like them This form of the expres
            sion is used in British English, in American
            English, the form is wouldn't touch something
            or someone with a ten-foot pole
            The history of the place kept the price down.
            No one would touch it with a barge pole.
            Our message was: 'Don't touch this man with

            a bargepole. '

            If it hadn't been for your wife. I wouldn't

            touch this stink with a ten foot pole

            poles
            poles apart

            44

            If you say that two people, ideas, or systems
            are poles apart, you are emphasizing that

            Pole

            I

            poles

            305

            4

            In British English, if you say that someone

            they are very different.

            In social and political terms, they were poles


                evince -p 325 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            poor
            apart. Haig was. for instance, especially disdainful
            of French's persistent womanising.
            The final goals of both sides are poles apart

            and the negotiating path will be arduous.
            The East seemed to be poles apart from the
            capitalist West

            poor
            poor as a church mouse
            If you say that you are as poor as a church

            mouse, you are emphasizing that you have
            very little money. This is an old fashioned ex
            pression.

            I was as poor as a church mouse, but I
            of a car.
            I suspect we'll continue to be poor as church
            mice.
            bought that wreck

            port
            a port in a storm
            You can refer to a person, place, or organ!
            zation where you can get help in a difficult
            situation as a port in a storm.
            She was sweet to take me in the way she did,
            hardly any notice at all. just told me to come
            right to her. A port in a storm is a welcome
            thing.
            Traders are still uncon\fortable with a strong
            yen. but analysts say a dearth of reasons to
            buy the dollar leave the yen the safest port in
            the current economic storm.
            You say any port in a storm when you
            are in a position where you have to accept
            help from anyone who will give it to you,
            even if it is from someone who you do not
            like or approve of.
            Also with their basic vocational training year
            nearly 50 percent of those who enter it end up
            on the streets. There is an ‘any port in a storm'
            attitude.

            possum
            play possum
            If someone plays possum, they try to make
            people ignore them by pretending to be dead
            or asleep. This expression is used mainly in
            novels.
            'Playing possum, huh?' said Joe. 'Right, ‘ said
            Frank. 7 figured it might be interesting to
            hear what they had to say to each other when
            they thought I was unconscious. '

            post
            first past the post
            If you say that someone is first past the
            post in a race or competitive situation, you
            mean that they finish first or achieve some
            thing first.
            Britain's bid to stage the Olympics in the
            year 2000 failed to be the first past the post.

            pot

            306

            Manchester lost the race to host the biggest
            sporting festival in the world. It was won by
            Sydney. Australia.
            This expression is more commonly used in
            talking about electoral systems A first-pastthe-post electoral system is one in which the
            candidate who gets the most votes wins.

            pip someone at the post
            If you pip someone at the post or pip them
            to the post, you narrowly beat them in a
            competition or race to achieve something.
            This expression is used in British English.
            Reg was pipped at the post twice before he

            was appointed.

            They were concerned that their rivals might
            pip them to the post.

            posted
            keep someone posted
            If someone asks you to keep them posted,
            they are asking you to continue giving them
            the latest information about a situation that
            concerns them.
            'Well, keep us posted. ' TU do that. '
            She made me promise to keep her posted on
            developments.
            I'll keep you posted with what's happening.

            pot
            go to pot

            4

            If you say that something is going to pot,
            you mean that its condition is becoming very
            bad, because it has not been properly looked
            after.
            The neighbourhood really is going to pot.
            I was able to keep my figure after Patrick,
            but it went to pot after I had Daniel

            keep the pot boiling
            If you do something in order to keep the
            pot boiling, you do it in order to make sure
            that a process does not stop.
            I threw in a question, just to keep the pot
            boiling while my brain caught up.
            Recent inspections have been aimed simply at
            keeping the pot boiling.
            the pot calling the kettle black
            When someone with a particular fault accuses
            someone else of having the same fault,
            you can say this is a case of the pot calling
            the kettle black.
            In a prime case of the pot calling the kettle
            black, 48-year-old Ian, whose recent loves included
            two 22 year-olds, asked a friend: 'Why
            must she go for an older man? She should
            know better than that '
            Ferguson publicly questioned the Leeds' play
            ers nerves before the weekend, which is a bit
            like the pot calling the kettle black.
            People often vary this expression.


                evince -p 326 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            potato
            Pots should not call kettles black.
            It is all very well for Washington State to assuperiority.
            There is a bit of pot sume moral
            and kettle about its outrage
            shit or get off the pot
            If someone tells you to shit or get off the
            pot. they mean that you should either do
            something properly, or else let someone else
            do it. This is a very informal expression,
            which is used mainly in American English.
            Many people consider it offensive.
            Time to shit or get off the pot, ain 't it. Bud?
            I thought Malcolm would be forced eventually
            either to shit or get off the pot.
            a watched pot never boils
            If you say ‘a watched pot never boils', you
            mean that if you wait and watch anxiously to
            see something happen, it will seem to take a
            very long time, or it will not happen at all.
            This is an old-fashioned expression.
            This strategy is doomed from the start because
            it is far too public: a watched pot never
            boils.

            potato
            drop something like a hot potato
            drop something like a hot brick
            If you drop something or someone like a
            hot potato or drop them like a hot brick,
            you get rid of them as quickly as possible because
            they are difficult to deal with, or because
            you do not want them any more.
            It is a rule of the tourism business that clients
            must feel happy on holiday. If a place
            gains a reputation for being unwelcoming, the
            trade drops it like a hot potato.
            He panicked and dropped his lover like a hot
            brick. But the scandal was already brewing.

            a hot potato
            44
            If you say that a subject or problem is a hot
            potato, you mean that it is very topical and
            controversial and most people would rather
            not have to deal with it.
            When she is confronted with a political hot
            potato such as abortion or tightening the gun
            laws, she is not beyond voicing her opinion.
            So the German question' is likely to continue
            to gain visibility here; a hot potato nobody
            wants to handle, but which will be increasing
            ly hard to avoid.

            Potatoes
            small potatoes

            pound

            307

            4

            If you say that something is small potatoes.
            you mean that it is not important or significant.
            While a total tour attendance of around
            20.000 is small potatoes by British standards, it
            is very big in this country.

            They hope to get the rules changed, so they
            can negotiate the rights to make money from
            television reruns, no small potatoes when last
            year the rerun business was worth about $3

            billion.

            pot luck
            be pot luck
            If you ask someone to have a meal at your
            house and you tell them it will be pot luck,
            you mean that you have not planned it or prepared
            any special food.
            'We'll just be casual and eat in the kitchen.
            It's just pot luck,' Moira said 'Hope you don't
            mind '
            ‘Pot luck' is usually written as ‘potluck' in
            American English; a potluck is a meal at
            which different guests bring different parts of
            the meal.

            take pot luck

            44

            If you take pot luck, you make a choice
            from what is available, although you do not
            have any knowledge to help you, and so it is
            a matter of luck whether you get something
            good.
            We'd take potluck at whatever restaurants
            might still be open.
            Just leave the highway, drive out into the
            country, pick on a small town and lake pot
            luck.
            You can also say that something is pot
            luck when it is a matter of luck whether you
            get something good. You can also use potluck
            before a noun.
            The major High Street electrical appliance retailers
            are offering interest-free credit but on
            everchanging products, so finding good deals
            is pot luck.
            Travel firms stuck with hundreds of unsold
            package holidays are offering great breaks on
            a pot-luck basis.
            'Pot luck' Is usually written as 'potluck' in
            American English.

            pottage
            a mess of pottage
            If you accuse someone erf selling or exchang
            ing something of lasting value for a mess of
            pottage, you mean that they have foolishly
            sold or exchanged it for something which has

            no lasting value at all. This is an oldfashioned, literary expression.
            She was not going to lower herself for the
            sake of a fifty-dollar mess of pottage.

            pound
            your pound of flesh

            4

            If you say that someone demands or gets
            their pound of flesh, you mean that they insist
            on getting something they are entitled to,


                evince -p 327 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            powder
            even though they might not need it and it
            will cause problems for the people they are
            getting it from.
            Banks are quick enough to demand their
            pound qf flesh from the small businessman and
            other regular customers when overdrafts run a

            little over the limit.
            They were still out for their pound
            and were not prepared to meet halfway

            of flesh

            powder
            keep your powder dry
            If someone keeps their powder dry, they
            are ready to take immediate action in case a

            situation suddenly gets worse.
            The only course upon which the government
            could agree was to move cautiously, keep its
            powder dry, and await the outcome of events
            abroad

            powder keg
            sit on a powder keg
            If you say that someone is sitting on a
            powder keg. you mean that they are in a
            very dangerous situation, in which something
            could suddenly go seriously wrong at any
            time.
            The Prime Minister was all too aware that he
            was sitting on a powder keg which could explode
            at any moment.
            Is there a sense that you really are sitting
            there on a powder keg, that any one of these
            cor\f!icts that we've been talking about could
            erupt at any moment and really engulf your
            country?
            People often use powder keg to refer to a
            dangerous situation or to a place where disas
            ter could suddenly happen.
            The trial is viewed here as even more of a
            powder keg than the retrial of the policemen
            accused of beating Rodney King.
            The region has long been regarded as the

            powder keg

            praises

            306

            of Europe.

            all power to your elbow
            more power to your elbow
            4
            People say ‘all power to your elbow' or
            ‘more power to your elbow', to wish someone
            luck and to encourage them to be successful.
            These expressions are used in spoken
            British English.
            Bobby Gould is a good man and he's now
            paving the way for a very good third division
            campaign So all power to his elbow.
            It's nice talking to you. John, and more power
            to your elbow with your programme. It's absolutely
            super

            If you refer to

            someone as the power

            practise
            practise what you preach
            4-4
            If someone practises what they preach,
            they behave in the way that they encourage
            other people to behave.
            Michael Blundell practised what he preached;
            having declared himself to be a Kenyan, he
            was one of the first British-born residents to
            apply for Kenyan citizenship
            Grown-ups don't know all the answers, don't
            practise what they preach, and must be held responsible
            for the poor state of society.
            O People sometimes vary this expression, for
            example by saying that someone preaches
            what they practise.
            He is happy to preach what he practises.
            The Bishop said the government had let the
            people down badly: it had preached love but
            practised hate.
            The verb 'practise' is spelled 'practice' in
            American English.

            praise
            damn with faint praise
            If you damn someone with faint

            4

            praise,

            you say something about them which sounds
            nice but which shows that you do not really
            have a high opinion of them. People occasionally
            say that someone is damned by faint
            praise.

            power

            the power behind the throne

            hind the throne, you mean that although another
            person appears to have all the power
            and control in an organization, it is in fact
            the first person who has all the power and
            control.
            Will the armed forces, which have been the
            power behind the throne for nearly thirty
            years, be prepared to take a back seat to a new
            civilian regime?
            She was the real power behind the throne, a
            strong and single-minded woman manipulating
            a weaker husband for her own ends.

            4

            be
            In recent months he has consistently damned
            the government with faint praise, but earlier
            this week he issued an appeal for continuity.
            Why you English seem oblivious to his talents
            and damn him with faint praise is totally be
            yond

            us.

            ....

            D You can also just talk about faint praise.
            Mr Robinson acknowledged Mr Golub this
            week as 'the most obvious internal candidate'.
            That sounds like ominously faint praise

            444
            sing the praises of someone
            If you sing the praises of someone or something,
            you praise them in an enthusiastic

            way.


                evince -p 328 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            prawn

            309

            singing Durrant's praises, said:
            different, a real natural.'
            This may sound like we're singing our cyan
            Draises here, but I honestly think most people
            music irresistible
            find our
            are singing the praises of the
            All partiessystem
            and the virtues of a market
            multi-party

            Roxburgh,

            economy.

            come the raw prawn
            someone of

            coming the raw
            If you accuse
            you are accusing them of trying to
            cheat or trick you. This expression is used
            mainly in Australian English.
            It pains me to say this but I'm qfraid the
            Italians were caught trying to come the raw
            prawn, as it were.

            prawn,

            prayer
            not have a prayer

            If you say that someone docs not have a
            prayer of achieving something, you mean

            that it is impossible for them to achieve it.
            He did not seem to have a prayer of regaining
            the world title.
            He must know that he doesn't have a prayer
            of beating the grand theft and insurance-ftaud

            charges.

            pregnant
            you can't be half pregnant
            If you say 'you can't be half pregnant',
            you are pointing out that it is often necessary
            to commit yourself fully to an idea or project,
            and you cannot keep changing your mind
            about it.
            We did. however, pick up a valuable lesson:
            you can't be half pregnant. An entrepreneur
            must be able to give his enterprise a full com
            mitment.

            444

            jectives.

            So-called 'arranged marriages', common in
            many cultures, tend to get a bad press in the
            West
            Not daunted by years of bad press and stereotyping. women drivers are steadily increasing

            ,n number.

            He often had such a terrible press, yet every
            °ne who met him liked him.

            4

            If there is a full-court press on something
            or someone, people are making a lot of effort
            and putting a lot of pressure on them in order
            to get a particular result. This expression is
            used in American English.
            The administration's full-court press on economic
            remedies also includes moves by the
            Treasury Secretary.
            We put on what we think is a full-court press
            in the Middle East to interest some of the air
            lines there in the 777 and in our other airplanes
            too.
            The administration steps up the full-court
            press on the president's economic plan today.

            pretty
            sit pretty
            If someone is sitting pretty, they are in a
            good, safe, or comfortable situation.
            When the war started, they thought they were
            sitting pretty, because they had all that extra
            surplus grain.
            If we'd let Mark have the statue for a cool
            quarter of a million, we'd be sitting pretty by

            now.

            price
            at any price
            If you want something at any price, you
            are determined to get it, even if unpleasant
            things happen as a result of your actions.
            We obviously want to see the hostages home,
            as quickly as we can get them, but not at any
            price and I believe their

            If someone or something gets a bad press,
            they are repeatedly criticized, especially in
            the newspapers, on television, or on radio.
            This expression is often varied. For example,
            you can talk about someone getting bad
            Press, or you can replace 'bad' with other ad
            n-c

            O If someone or something gets a good press
            or gets good press, they are praised a lot.
            Dublin's writers do not give the city an entirely
            good press.
            The auto maker has been getting some good
            press lately for changes being made by Us new
            management team.

            a full-court press

            prawn

            press
            a bad press
            a good press

            pi

            families understand
            that too.
            They do not want to splU their own ranks.
            But they are not so desperate that they want a
            deal at any price.
            But they also worry that as negotiations proceed.
            there's likely to be more violence from rebel
            groups that are determined to stop the
            peace process at any price
            44
            at a price: 1
            If you say that something can be obtained at
            a price, you mean that it is very expensive.
            Guests can always find a meal of sorts in the
            hotel restaurant, but at a price.
            War fears have faded and most goods are
            available, but at a price.
            She has been attempting to tell her side of the
            story, at a price, to anybody in South Africa
            who cares to telephone her.


                evince -p 329 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            prick
            at a price: 2

            44

            If you get something you want at a price,
            you get it but you have to accept something
            unpleasant as well.
            You can find uncertainty on those impudent
            features, turmoil and the growing realisation
            that fame comes at a price.
            Among the various strands of opposition
            there are those who refuse all cooperation with
            the socialists, and those willing to cooperate,
            but at a price. The price is very high indeed:
            the Union of Democratic Forces is asking for
            six key cabinet posts.

            everyone has their price
            every man has his price

            production

            310

            4

            If you say that everyone has their price or
            every man has his price, you mean that
            everyone can be persuaded to do something
            dishonest or immoral, if they are offered a
            large enough amount of money.
            They say ‘a million'. And then you say 'No'.
            And then they offer, because they think everybody
            has his price, three million. And then you
            say 'No' again. It feels good to know that you
            don 't come cheap.
            While it may not be true that every man has
            his price, there are always those who have.

            prick
            like a spare prick at a wedding
            If you say that someone is like a spare

            prick at a wedding, you mean that they have
            no role in a particular situation or feel that
            they are being ignored. This is a very informal
            expression, which is used in British English.
            Many people consider it offensive.
            The party conference exists only for Cabinet
            ministers to look good on television, and for
            party workers to rub shoulders with Cabinet
            ministers. Junior ministers and MPs here are
            like spare pricks at a wedding.

            pricks
            kick against the pricks
            If someone kicks against the pricks, they
            show their opposition to people in authority.
            This is a literary expression, which is used
            mainly in British English.
            Kicking against the pricks when you're 30 or
            40 or more strikes me as a better test of one's

            convictions.
            She is firmly foul-mouthed, ready to kick
            against every known prick.

            pride
            44
            swallow your pride
            If you swallow your pride, you decide to do
            something even though it is shameful or em
            barrassing, and you would prefer not to.
            However, if political compulsions demand, he

            can swallow his pride and ally himself with

            his political enemies
            States like Illinois have cut programs for the
            poor. They and members of their families are
            swallowing their pride and looking for charity.

            print
            the small print
            the fine print

            •4 "4 -4

            If you refer to the small print or the hue
            print in a contract, agreement, or advertisement,
            you mean the part which contains important
            legal information, often in very small
            print. Most people do not read this information
            and so may not understand fully what

            their legal rights are.
            Patients who thought they were fully covered
            are being hit by huge bills because they did not
            read the small print on their insurance forms.
            I'm looking at the small print. I don't want
            to sign anything that I shouldn 't sign.
            The president said he'll wait to read the fine
            print of the still-secret trade agreement and set
            how the treaty might effect labor and the envi
            ronment.

            prisoners
            take no prisoners

            4

            If you say that someone takes no prisoners
            when they are carrying out a plan or an action.
            you mean that they do it in a very forceful
            and determined way, without caring if
            they harm or upset other people This expression
            is used mainly in journalism.
            You will have to fight for what you want and
            what you believe in and you should assume the
            attitude that you're taking no prisoners.
            It's a team packed with experienced and mature
            professionals. They won't be taking prisoners.
            You can also say that someone has a take
            no-prisoners attitude or approach to something.
            We had a take no prisoners attitude, which

            was we didn't care who we infuriated.

            What these institutions do is embrace a particular
            agenda and they embrace it with a
            take-no-prisoners policy.

            production
            make a production of something

            If you say that someone is making a production
            of something, you are criticizing
            them for doing it in a complicated or exaggerated
            way. when it could be done much more
            simply.
            I don't know why we insisted on making such
            a production of these dinners, because by the
            time Julian arrived we were invariably nervous
            and exhausted.


                evince -p 330 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            profile
            He made a production of brushing his hands
            clean on his pant legs.
            •fasten your seat belt, love.' Her daughter
            complied, making a breathless production of it.

            profile
            a high profile

            pulp

            311

            444

            If someone has a high profile, people notice
            them and what they do.
            He will be thinking about his future now that
            he has such a high profile in the cycling world.
            She gained a high profile in Europe as a
            member of the European Union of Women, of
            which she is now the vice-chairperson.
            It was expected that someone with a high profile
            would get the Job.
            You can also use high-profile before a

            noun.

            Experience in Australia, which has the highest
            rate of skin cancer in the world, has shown
            how effective a high profile campaign can be in
            changing public attitudes and behaviour.
            She works three days a week in a high-profile
            job as communications director for a top adver
            Using agency.

            keep a low profile
            444
            If someone keeps a low profile, they avoid
            doing things that will make people notice
            them.
            The president continues to keep a low profile
            as he wraps up his weekend vacation in Maine.
            The Home Secretary was keeping a low profile
            yesterday when the crime figures were announced
            m the House of Commons.
            They have been dating for a month and have
            kept everything very low profile.
            You can also use low-profile before a

            noun.

            The President is pursuing a low-profile ap
            proach on difficult issues in order not to antagonise
            the parties involved
            There is no requirement for the presence of
            °ny police officers. This is a low-profile event.

            Proof

            pie by just talking about the prooT of the

            pudding.
            The proof of the pudding, so to speak, will be
            if sales of English cheese hold up after the dispute
                is over.
            The proof of a government policy is in its implementation.

            pudding
            over-egg the pudding
            If you say that someone over-eggs the pudding,
            you are criticizing them for trying so
            hard to improve something that they spoil it,
            for example by making it seem exaggerated or
            extreme. Other nouns are sometimes used instead
            of ‘pudding'. This expression is used
            mainly in British English.
            The movie obviously over-eggs the glowing
            childhood pudding with lots of cuddles, warm
            milk and snow pattering against the window
            panes.
            Supertramp certainly knew how to overegg
            the cake, with no song being complete unless it
            underwent three tempo changes and a loud

            finale.
            pull
            pull the other one
            pull the other one, it's got bells on it
            If someone tells you something and you say

            ‘puli the other one', you mean that you do
            not believe them. This expression is used in
            British English.
            I saw him out, said goodbye, and he kissed
            me on both cheeks. The receptionist saw this
            and wanted to know who he was. I told her he

            had been a child in our care. She said 'Pull
            the other one. kids in care never kiss anyone on
            both cheeks. '
            People sometimes say ‘pull the other one,
            it's got bells on it*.
            'The Duchess gave it to me.' 'Think I'd believe
            that? Pull the other one. there's bells on
            it'

            *he proof of the pudding is in the
            eating

            4

            If you say that the proof of the pudding is
            *n the eating, you mean that something new
            can only be judged to be good or bad after it
            has been tried or used.
            With a lapse of almost 12 months since the
            changes were implemented, perhaps we can
            now apply the old maxim that 'the proof of the
            Pudding is in the eating'.
            Such therapies should not be dismissed out of
            hand, particularly when the proof of the pudding
            can be in the eating.
            r- People often vary this expression, for exam
            pulp
            beat someone to a pulp

            4

            If you say that someone was beaten to a
            pulp or was beaten to pulp, you mean that
            they were injured very badly by someone hitting
            them repeatedly. Other verbs can be used
            instead of ‘beat'.
            I tried to talk myself out of a fight and got
            beaten to a pulp instead by three other boys.
            Motorists were pulled from their cars, beaten
            and kicked to a pulp, and left to die in the
            road


                evince -p 331 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            pump
            pump
            44
            prime the pump
            If someone primes the pump, they take action
            to help something succeed or grow,
            usually by spending money on it. This expression
            is used mainly in journalism.

            Spring is the time when the government
            primes the pump to help farmers prepare their

            fields.

            The budget in December is likely to prime the
            pump by tax cuts.
            You can also talk about pump-priming, or
            say that someone pump-primes an economy

            or project.

            I think we are going to have to do some more
            spending and some pump-priming in order to
            get the economy going.
            The plan offers a way of pump-priming an
            economy which is growing at its slowest rate
            since 1981.

            punch
            pack a punch

            44

            If something packs a punch, it has a very
            powerful effect. The noun ‘wallop' is sometimes
            used instead of ‘punch'.
            The doctor objects to the innocuous-looking
            packaging for drinks that pack a punch.
            Huge uniformed orchestras with vast brass
            sections packed a powerful punch and filled the
            dance halls during the depression years of the

            Thirties.

            Scaring is easy, but creating a true chill is
            harder. Among the movies that still do that is
            ‘Carrie ' which, many years after it was made.
            still packs a wicked wallop.
            pleased as punch
            If you say that someone is as pleased as
            punch about something, you are emphasizing
            that they are very pleased about it.
            He's obviously as pleased as punch about
            buying this timber firm of Coe's.
            Branfoot announced he was as pleased as
            punch with his team's performance.

            punches
            not pull your punches
            pull no punches

            purse

            312

            444

            If someone does not pull their punches or
            pulls no punches, they speak very frankly
            about something and do not moderate their
            comments or criticism in any way.
            He had never lied to me in the past and he
            didn't pull his punches now. He told me that in
            his opinion, Robin would be dead in nine
            months.
            I didn't pull any punches. We all knew we
            had a problem, a critical one, and that decisions
            would have to be reached quickly.
            Chomsky pulls no punches in his attacks on

            US foreign policy in Vietnam. Guatemala. El
            Salvador and East Timor.
            roll with the punches
            If someone rolls with the punches, they do
            not allow difficulties or criticism to discourage
            them or affect them badly.
            He has impressed all sides by his ability to
            negotiate and willingness to roll with the
            punches.
            As part of his success strategy Barnes is prepared
            to roll with the punches and appear
            'raceless' to please the crowd.

            pup
            sell someone a pup
            If someone is sold a pup, they buy or accept
            something and then feel deceived because
            it is not as good as they thought it would be.

            This expression is used in British English.
            No-one is being sold a pup. What you see is
            what you gel.
            We were sold a pup with the exchange-rate
            mechanism. We're not going to be sold another
            pup with the Maastricht treaty.

            purposes
            at cross purposes

            4

            If two people are at cross purposes, there
            is a misunderstanding between them because
            they think they are talking about or trying to
            do the same thing as each other, but they are
            actually talking about or trying to do different
            things.
            They had been talking at cross purposes ear
            Her, Enron realized. The Hungarian hadn't
            been offering Israel a slice of the deal at all
            Now that Council members are working together
            instead of at cross purposes, the chances
            for a third major project, Gateway 101. look
            considerably brighter.

            The contract had been signed on his behalf
            a new, inexperienced agent who was somehow
            working at cross-purposes with Faulkner's
            usual representative.
            by

            purse
            hold the purse strings
            tighten the purse strings
            loosen the purse strings
            If someone holds the purse strings,

            444
            they

            control the way that money is spent in a particular
            family, organization, or country. Other
            verbs can be used instead of ‘hold'.
            Six out of ten women think that financial institutions
            treat them like simpletons, even
            though they usually hold the domestic purse

            strings.
            As higher education budgets have decreased.
            tension has increased between university offi

                evince -p 332 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            push
            the political leaders who control the
            ctals and
            strings.

            purse

            You can also say that someone tightens
            purse strings when they reduce the
            of money that you can spend, or that
            amount
            they loosen the purse strings when they al
            low you to spend more money
            Grandiose election promises must be put on
            hold while the government tightens its purse
            jlje

            strings.

            If the Treasury loosens the purse strings,
            many authorities will be delighted to spend.

            push
            at a push

            If you say that it is possible to do something
            at a push, you mean that it can be done if it
            is absolutely necessary to do it.
            The only thing you didn't get in the village
            was milk and you could always, at a push, get

            some from the farm.

            At a push. Ashley will concede that he's a bit
            bored by it all.
            get the push
            4
            give someone the push
            If someone gets the push or is given the push,
            they lose their job. These are informal expressions,
            which are used in British English.
            America 's current economic downturn is
            markedly different from previous recessions.
            This time white-collar workers and professionals
            are getting the push, not just factory workers
            and low-level clerks.
            The boss has been given the push in favour
            Of his current number two.
            when push comes to shove
            if push comes to shove
            If you talk about what you will do when
            push comes to shove or if push comes to
            shove, you are talking about what you will
            do when a situation reaches a critical point
            and you must make a decision on how to progress.
            When it comes to the crunch means
            the same.
            With the benefit of hindsight and with what
            we've learned from this war. the only thing we
            can do when push comes to shove is to try to
            save lives.
            They knew they could sit back, and when
            Push came to shove I'd do all the work.
            They wouldn't back you, sir. If push came to
            shove. They wouldn't be behind you.

            putty

            313

            pusher
            a pen pusher

            a pencil pusher
            a paper pusher
            If you refer to someone who works in an office
            as a pen pusher, a pencil pusher, or a
            paper pusher, you are expressing scorn for
            the sort of work which typically goes on in of
            fices, in contrast to more active kinds of
            work. ‘Pen pusher' is used mainly in British
            English; ‘pencil pusher' is used only in
            American English; ‘paper pusher' is used in
            both British and American English.
            tie already sees significant changes since the
            training was introduced. People who were called
            administrators, and perhaps seen as just pen
            pushers, have been transformed to proactive man
            agers.
            Many of the men who now sit on company
            boards are pencil pushers with PhDs and
            MBAs from top schools, but lack operating experience
            in business.
            The bureaucrats, the paper pushers. Lindsay
            feels, have succeeded in suffocating the spirit of
            driving the real
            the Bureau's street agents
            cops who solve real crimes out of their minds
            and out of the Bureau
            You can refer to office work as penpushing,
            pencil-pushing, or paper-pushing
            You can also say that office workers push papers
            or push pens.
            I want our uniformed services freed from pa
            per pushing, so that we can put police officers
            on the beat again.
            It's very irritating hanging around while pet
            ty pen-pushing officials do their work.
            Pm very thankful that l can scratch out a liv
            ing surviving off my art and doing what I
            want to do. rather than working as a waiter or
            pushing papers eight hours a day.

            -

            putty
            putty in your hands
            If you say that someone is putty in your
            hands, you mean that they will do anything
            you ask or tell them to do.
            Simon proved to be putty in his hands.
            I was completely in awe of him. I was putty
            in his hands.
            You can also just say that someone is putty.
            Sometimes he'd do something like bring her a
            box of chocolates and she would be putty for a
            week.


                evince -p 333 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            QT

            question

            314

            Q
            QT
            on the QT
            If you do something on the QT, you do it
            secretly. This is an old-fashioned expression.
            These two boys, on the QT, have bought up
            everything on both sides of the road, piece by
            piece. They've bought up that whole end of

            town.

            Many

            of the companies in which he had a

            interest had been selling to the Russians
            for years, openly or on the q.t.
            ‘QT' is sometimes written as ‘q.t'. It is pronounced
            'q f, as if you are spelling it out.

            financial

            quantity
            an unknown quantity

            «

            If you say that someone or something is an
            unknown quantity, you mean that not much
            is known about what they are like or how
            they will behave.
            She had known Max for some years now, but
            he was still pretty much an unknown quantity.
            Belgium are something of an unknown quantity
            having, in recent years, played few games
            against leading countries.
            Ballet was an unknown quantity in the United
            States at that time, and he himself admitted
            that music was quite foreign to him.

            quart
            a quart into a pint pot
            In British English, if you say that someone
            is trying to get a quart into a pint pot, you
            mean that they are trying to put a large
            amount of something into a container or
            space that is too small.
            In putting together a 'brief article on the Tay
            Bridge Disaster, I was faced with the problem
            of fitting a quart into a pint pot, there being so
            much material available.
            A quart is a unit of measure for liquids. It
            is equal to two pints.

            quarterback
            a Monday morning quarterback
            If you accuse someone of being a Monday
            morning quarterback, you mean that they

            are criticizing or judging something unfairly,
            because although they now have full knowl
            edge of the way things happened, the people
            involved could not possibly have had that
            knowledge and so could not have behaved any
            differently. This expression is used in American
            English.

            Some Monday-morning quarterbacks said the
            initial lower bid, without junk bonds, was a
            factor in his losing the company.
            You can also accuse someone of Monday
            morning quarterbacking.
            The Los Angeles County District Attorney rejects
            such Monday-morning quarterbacking, insisting
            that his lawyers did. quote, ‘an excellent
            job'.
            In the United States, most professional football
            games are played on Sunday. A Monday
            morning quarterback is someone, usually a
            man, who tells people what the coach should
            have done to win the game.

            question
            beg the question:1
            -4-4-4
            If you say that something begs the question
            or begs a particular question, you mean
            that it makes people want to ask that question.
            Hopewell's success begs the question, why
            aren 't more companies doing the same?
            When pushed to explain, words - for once failed the England manager, begging the obvious
            question: Does he really know?

            beg the question: 2
            -4
            If you say that someone's statement begs
            the question, you mean that they can only
            make that statement if they assume that a
            particular problem has already been dealt
            with. By using this expression, you are suggesting
            that the problem has not in fact been
            dealt with, and so their statement may not be
            valid or reasonable. This is a formal expression.
            Even the New York Times in 1988 stated that
            'the warming of the earth's climate is no longer
            in dispute', somewhat begging the question of
            whether or not that warming is a greenhouse
            effect or. indeed, necessarily part of a continuing
            long-range trend.

            a question mark

            -44-4

            If you say that there is a question mark
            over something, you mean that there is doubt
            or uncertainty about it
            There's a big question mark over whether the
            two sides think they're in Freetown simply 10
            negotiate a ceasefire or whether they're there to
            discuss the whole process of the political settlement.
            Both riders have question marks over them
            due to ill-health and injury.
            Multi-party democracy has arrived - albeit


                evince -p 334 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            quick
            uilh many question
            form. very pleased
            I am

            quote

            315

            marks about its eventual
            they have been acquitted.

            it leaves a big question mark
            However original
            trial.

            hanging

            over
            quick

            the

            someone to the quick
            If something cuts you to the quick, it
            makes you very upset
            The naked ugliness of prejudice cut me to the
            quick when I heard it.
            That tone of hers always cut him to the
            quick

            cUt

            quick as a flash
            quick as a wink
            quick as lightning
            If you say that someone does something as
            quick as a flash, you are emphasizing that
            they do it very quickly. You can also say that

            someone does something as
            or as quick as lightning

            Ellie went quiet as a lamb.

            quiet as a mouse
            If you say that someone is quiet as a
            mouse, you are emphasizing that they are
            very quiet or silent.
            During the day Mom was quiet as a mouse.
            She hardly said or did anything
            We were quiet as mice, hiding in there.

            quits
            call it quits
            If you say that you are going to call It
            quits, you mean that you have decided to
            stop doing something or stop being involved
            in something.
            There is a disco called the Club Coqui, which
            stays open until the last customer is ready to
            call it quits.
            He and Moira had finally called it quits.

            quick as a wink

            Harrison responded as quick as a flash.
            She kissed him right on the lips and then
            turned to go. Like that, quick as a wink.
            When Major Fox made his entrance, more
            champagne appeared as quick as lightning, as
            if the waiters had been cued in for that very
            moment.

            quids
            quids in
            If you are quids in, you make or have more
            money than you expected. This expression is
            used in British English.
            Workers at a window factory were fhrious
            when they found German money in their wage
            packets. But they soon cheered up when they realised
            it left them quids in.
            Still, we were quids in. we didn't caret

            quiet
            Quiet as a Iamb
            If you say that someone is quiet as a lamb,
            you are emphasizing that they are very quiet,

            calm, or gentle.
            She's fine, quiet as a lamb. You really
            mustn't worry.
            As soon as the organ music began to play
            and people started going in to get their seats.

            quote
            quote, unquote
            quote, end quote
            444
            If you use a word which someone else has
            used and you say quote, unquote, you are
            drawing attention to the word, and showing
            that it is not an accurate or precise way to
            describe the situation you are referring to.
            You sometimes use this expression to suggest
            that a word is being used with almost the opposite
            meaning to its normal meaning. This
            expression is used mainly in spoken American
            English. Compare in inverted commas;
            see commas.
            What Clinton can do is convince enough peo
            pie that these two quote unquote 'responsible'
            Democrats of the center are to be trusted with
            national office.
            A spokesman said quote, ‘a certain number'.
            unquote of the men lost their lives that day.
            She gathered around her a group of 'bodyguards'.
            quote, unquote, who were essentially a
            bunch of thugs.
            O In American English, you can also say
            quote, end quote.
            The book was given to several school libraries.
            and in every case a vice principal of
            the particular school took the book out and
            then reported it. quote, 'lost', end quote.


                evince -p 335 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            race

            rails

            316

            R
            race
            a race against time
            444
            race against time
            If you say that someone is in a race against

            time, you mean that they have only a very
            short time to finish a task and so they have to
            work very quickly.
            The aid agencies have been in a race against
            time to get Bosnia equipped for winter.
            Helicopters are being used to winch passengers
            to safety in the stormy weather. An air
            force spokesman said the rescue operation was
            a race against time.
            Oldham's lan Olney faces a race against time
            to be fit for tonight's Premier League match
            against Norwich.
            You can also say that someone is racing
            against time to mean the same thing.
            Irene Blanthom is racing against time to
            save the life of a little boy on the other side of
            the world.

            rack
            on the rack
            put someone on the rack

            4

            If you say that someone is on the rack, you
            mean that they are in a state of anxiety, distress,
            or difficulty. You can also say that
            someone puts them on the rack. These ex
            pressions are used mainly in British English.
            In the flat Vangelis waited, still on the rack.
            not daring to believe.
            She and Michael listened closely, on the rack

            of apprehension.

            John Major was put on the rack by his angry
            backbenchers yesterday.

            rack and ruin
            If you say that something is going to rack
            and ruin, you mean that it is falling into a
            very bad condition, because nobody is looking
            after it or dealing properly with it.
            The country is going to rack and ruin. No
            one is discussing the economic crisis.
            Your garden's fallen into rack and ruin.
            The old-fashioned spelling 'wrack' is occasionally
            used instead of 'rack' in this expression.

            rag
            lose your rag
            If you lose your rag, you suddenly lose your
            temper with someone and get very angry.
            This expression is used in British English.

            Everyone said Wright did well simply because
            he didn't lose his rag with anyone.
            The bloke pushed Melvin out of the way and
            he lost his rag and hit him.

            ragged

            run someone ragged

            •4

            If someone runs you ragged, they make you
            do so much that you get extremely tired.
            He tends to produce his best football before
            half time, though often coming back to run defenders
            ragged in the closing minutes
            Their defence was run ragged by a rampant
            Portsmouth in front cf a crowd of 11,000.
            They'd send me here, there and everywhere
            and I'd run myself ragged and get no place.

            rags
            rags to riches
            riches to rags

            44

            If you describe someone's life as a rags to
            riches story, you are saying that even though
            they were very poor when they were young,
            they became very rich and successful.
            His life sounds to me like the classic rags to
            riches story. He married some money, I gather,
            but he made a lot more.
            The company was created by rags- to- riches
            entrepreneur Albert Gubay, who nowadays
            deals in property.
            D You can also say that someone went from
            rags to riches.
            When asked how he went from rags to riches,
            Plunkett said, T saw my opportunities and l
            took them. '
            O People sometimes use the expression riches
            to rags to mean that you have been very rich
            but have lost a lot of money and so have become
            very poor.
            The country went from riches to rags in a

            generation.

            rails
            jump the rails
            If something such as a plan or project
            jumps the rails, it suddenly goes wrong. This
            expression is used mainly in British English,
            especially in journalism.
            You never know when or where you'll find examples
            of how life in this modem society has
            jumped the rails.

            444
            off the rails: 1
            If someone goes off the rails, they start to
            behave in an unacceptable or peculiar way
            I


                evince -p 336 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            rain
            This expression is used mainly in British

            English.
            Our family was so happy until our daughter
            went off the rails. She left school at 15. got in
            with the wrong crowd, left home, broke up the
            flat she found herself in, and now lives rough.
            Sometimes, you drink too much and go off the

            rails.
            Even the love that he found in his family
            didn't prevent him slipping off the rails and
            becoming a bit of a delinquent
            -4
            off the rails: 2
            If something goes off the rails, it starts to
            go wrong. This expression is used mainly in

            English.
            By the Spring, the project seemed to be going
            off the rails. No major sponsor had come for
            British

            ward with the extra £1 million or so needed to

            fund

            her sailing programme and her pre-race

            running costs

            Clearly something has gone off the rails in
            the process qf government when the leaders of
            the US government can't agree on providing
            money to keep the government going.

            on the rails: l

            4

            If something stays on the rails, it continues
            to be as successful as it has been in the past.
            If something is back on the rails, it is beginning
            to be successful again after a period
            when it almost failed. This expression is used
            mainly in British English.
            Coordinated action is needed more than ever
            to put the European economy back on the rails.
            Why have the tried and trusted companies remained
            on the rails while others have floundered?

            on the rails: 2
            If someone stays on the

            4

            rails, they live and
            behave in a way which is acceptable and orderly.
            If someone is back on the rails, their
            life is going well again after a period when it
            was going badly.

            Although my behavioural marks at school
            Weren't particularly high, the one thing that
            kept me on the rails was realising that exams
            were quite important
            l was released from prison last year. 1 have
            managed to get part of my life back on the
            rails by finding a flat and a part-time job.

            rain
            it

            rainbows

            317

            never rains but it pours

            People say ‘it never rains but it pours' to
            the fact that when one bad thing
            happens, other bad things often happen too
            and make the situation worse.
            It never rains but it pours when you have a
            Patient at home. You find yourself thinking
            'What next?' and worrying about it. Thinking
            What's the next disaster?'

            comment on

            He had a legitimate goal disallowed for
            'handball' and later had a shot handled by a
            defender, only to see no penalty given. It never
            rains but it pours.

            rain or shine
            come rain or shine

            4

            If someone does something rain or shine or
            come rain or shine, they do it regularly, regardless
            of the weather or other circumstances.

            He plays golf, come rain or shine, every Mon
            day

            I'll come back to Umbria as soon as possible.
            rain or shine.
            I'd been mailing checks to her every month.
            rain or shine, for three years.

            take a rain check

            4

            If you offer something to someone or invite
            them to do something, and they say that they
            will take a rain check, they are refusing
            your offer or invitation politely, or saying
            that they would like to accept it. but at a different
            time.
            She says she'd like to take a rain check on it
            and do it in May.
            I'm simply exhausted. Mimi It's all been
            such a strain. Could l take a rain check?

            rainbow
            at the end of the rainbow
            the pot of gold at the end of the
            rainbow
            If you say that something is at the end of
            the rainbow or is the pot of gold at the end
            of the rainbow, you mean that although you
            dream of getting it, in reality it will be very
            difficult to achieve. Compare a pot of gold,

            see gold

            There's a great big prize at the end of the
            rainbow and we both want it.
            Herbie promises to take us to the end qf the
            rainbow, which would be a dream
            1 would rather be honest with people than
            mislead them that there is going to be some pot
            qf gold at the end of the rainbow.

            rainbows
            chase rainbows
            If you say that someone is chasing rainbows,
            you mean that they are wasting their
            time by trying to get something which they
            can never have.
            Only time will tell whether or not you're still
            chasing rainbows.
            Kemp could see why there had been that open
            verdict, and why the police were having diffi
            culty finding proof: they might as well be chas
            ing rainbows.


                evince -p 337 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            ranch

            rat

            318

            ranch

            ransom

            bet the ranch
            If you say that someone bets the ranch,
            you mean that they spend all the money they
            have In order to achieve something, and risk
            losing it if they fail. This expression is used
            in American English.
            CBS Inc. agreed to pay $300 million to broadcast
            the 1994 Winter Olympics, further evidence
            that the network is betting the ranch on sports.
            We thought that if we could do it, it would
            give us an important lead over our competition
            in future years. We've taken risks before and so
            we bet the ranch.

            hold someone to ransom
            44
            If you say that one person is holding another
            to ransom, you mean that the first person
            is using their power or influence to force the
            second to do something they do not want to

            rank
            pull rank
            4
            If you say that someone in authority pulls
            rank, you disapprove of the fact that they
            make unfair use of their power or position to
            make people do what they want.
            He was a chief superintendent and just occasionally
            he pulled rank.
            The Federal Government threatened to pull
            rank and override the states with its own legislation.

            ranks
            break ranks
            444
            break rank
            If someone breaks ranks, they disobey the
            instructions of a group or organization of
            which they are a member, and express their
            own opinion. You can also say that someone
            breaks rank
            Would you break ranks with your party and
            vote against the president's tax bill?
            A senior Scottish l-a hour MP has broken party
            ranks to attack the leadership's commitment
            to a referendum on Scotland's constitutional fu
            ture.
            Until Midland Bank broke rank in 1984,
            banks had charged for basic services such as
            cheque-processing and other sorts of money
            transmission. Midland made banking 'free' for
            customers whose accounts stayed in credit.
            close ranks
            444
            If the members of a group close ranks, they
            support each other totally and oppose any
            criticism or attacks from outside on individual
            members.
            They would more likely close ranks and support
            their president rather than abandon him
            in an election year.
            Most Conservative MPs intend to put aside
            their differences over Europe and close ranks
            behind the Prime Minister in today's debate
            over the government's handling of the sterling
            crisis.

            do. This expression is used in British English.
            But who are the powerful men at the
            Bundesbank who have the power to hold
            Europe to ransom?
            Giorgio Armani, the fashion guru, refused to
            be held to ransom by greedy catwalk

            supermodels.

            a king's ransom

            4

            If you refer to a sum of money as a king's
            ransom, you are emphasizing that it is very
            large. This expression is used mainly in British
            English.
            Actress Julia Roberts is asking a king's ransom
            for her next film role.
            Electricians, plumbers and central heating engineers
            regard themselves as the ‘princes' of
            tradesmen and charge a king's ransom for
            their services.

            rap
            take the rap
            4
            If someone takes the rap, they accept the
            blame or responsibility for something that has
            been done badly or has gone wrong, even if it
            is not their fault
            I myself w Quite innocent, Joe. But. yes, my
            company - some over-enthusiastic juniors was
            involved, so I must take the rap.
            He had tried, and failed, to get someone to
            take the rap for a corruption scandal.

            rat
            look like a drowned rat
            If you say that someone looks like a
            drowned rat, you mean that they are very
            wet, for example because they have been
            caught in the rain or because their hair is

            wet.
            'Is there a swimming pool near where you
            work?' 'Oh there is. yes. ' ‘So you could nip out
            in your lunchtime and have a quick few
            lengths. Oh, and what a drowned rat you'd
            look like afterwards, wouldn 't you?'
            4-4
            the rat race
            If you talk about getting out of the rat race,
            you are talking about giving up a job or way
            of life in which people compete aggressively
            with each other in order to be successful
            / had to get out of the rat race for a while
            and take a look at the real world again.
            In the Seventies, when work, and the dole,
            were easier to come by. students could afford to
            dream about dropping out of the rat race when
            they graduated.


                evince -p 338 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            rate
            a rat
            snmcll
            |f yoU smell

            319
            44

            a rat, you suspect that somewrong in a particular situation, for
            hing *s
            example that someone is trying to deceive you
            or harm you.
            to smell a rat when scienThe
            public beginsthey
            do by taking refuge in
            what
            justify
            tists
            low.
            the
            If only I'd used my head. I'd have smelt a rat
            straight away and never touched the proposilion

            rate

            at a rate of knots something
            If someone does

            4

            at a rate of
            knots, they do it very quickly. This expres
            sion is used in British English.
            U2 worked at an incredible rate of knots on
            the LP, often flying back to Dublin after a
            European show, working all night on the al
            bum.
            By 1935, Blyton was publishing at a rate of
            knots adventures, fairy tales, mysteries.

            ray
            4
            a ray of sunshine
            If you describe someone or something as a
            ray of sunshine, you mean that they make
            you feel better because there is something
            positive and refreshing about them. This expression
            is sometimes used ironically, for example
            to describe someone who is depressing
            and miserable.
            Kim is like a ray of sunshine, a wonderful
            and beautiful girl who has changed my life.
            I am looking forward to the wedding, it's the
            one ray of sunshine for the future.
            If the little ray of sunshine doesn't get himself
            killed he may turn into a fine bullfighter one of
            these days.

            reap
            reap the harvest

            •4

            If you say that someone reaps the harvest
            of past actions, you mean that they suffer or
            benefit as a result of those actions.
            Tonight we reap the bitter harvest of a dec°de of national indulgence.
            Russia is reaping the vicious harvest of 74
            years of Soviet rule.
            Martin began work at Munich's best hotel,
            'be Bayerischer, prior to a short spell at the
            Dorchester, then it was south to Bournemouth
            al 'he Carlton, where he began to reap the har
            vest of this sound training.

            reap the whirlwind

            the wind and reap the whirlwind
            4

            If you say that someone is reaping the
            Whirlwind, you mean that they are suffering

            ictugumu
            tion because of mistakes that were made in
            the past. This is a literary expression.
            Shortly thereafter we saw a doubling in the
            homicide rate with firearms, and we now see
            gun violence at all-time record highs. Because
            people turned to guns after the riots of '68,
            we're reaping the whirlwind now.
            There has been a revulsion from authority
            and discipline. There has been a permissive
            revolution and now we all reap the whirlwind
            O This expression comes from the proverb
            sow the wind and reap the whirlwind.
            The new Chancellor has tended to flit from
            job to job, slaying long enough to sow the wind
            but leaving someone else to reap the whirlwind
            Events beyond the Prime Minister's control
            mean that he is likely to reap the economic
            whirlwind he helped to sow.

            you reap what you sow
            as you sow, so shall you reap
            You use the expression you reap

            •4

            what you
            sow to say that everything that happens is a
            result of things which you have done in the
            past.
            It seems to me that if we create areas of such
            bleakness and social deprivation we should expect
            to reap what we sow.
            The mother who repeatedly tells her little boy
            that he is naughty, for example, will reap what
            she sows.
            O People sometimes say ‘as you sow, so
            shall you reap'. This is a more formal form
            of the expression.
            In the final analysis our future lies in our
            own hands. Let us ensure that it is ethically
            and spiritually orientated, for without doubt as
            we sow so shall we reap!
            We will guarantee the rights of the Hungarian
            minority, according to how Hungarians respect
            the rights of Slovaks living in Hungary exactly, no more, no less. As you sow, so shall
            you reap.

            rearguard
            fight a rearguard action
            44-4
            If you say that someone is fighting a rearguard
            action, you mean that they are trying

            hard to stop something happening, but you do
            not think that they will succeed. The verb
            ‘mount' is sometimes used instead of ‘fight'.
            National telephone companies are fighting a
            rearguard action against competition from beyond
            their frontiers.
            Senior civil servants are said to be mounting
            a rearguard action against a more enlightened
            attitude among a new generation of officials towards
            the release of records.
            D You can also just talk about a rearguard
            action.
            The government move is being seen as a rear

                evince -p 339 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            record
            guard action to protect the corrupt among its

            own ranks.

            444

            If you say that your remarks are off the
            record, you mean that you do not want anyone
            to report what you said.
            I can't report what he said off the record at
            dinner the other evening.
            Perhaps this should be off the record but I
            don 't think it really matters.
            That's off the record. You boys! I forgot you
            were here! Don't go repeating what I've said,
            you hear.
            An off-the-record remark is one that you
            do not want anyone to report.
            Downing Street was furious last night at further
            revelations of the Prime Minister's 'off-therecord' remarks to journalists.

            on the record
            go on record
            If you are on

            -4-4-4

            the record as saying something
            or if you go on record, you mean that
            you are willing for people to report and repeat
            what you are saying.
            We are on the record as saying we will protect
            our friends in the war zone, and we mean
            that.
            It's very hard to report a story here, because
            almost no one is willing to talk on the record
            Church leaders have gone on record saying
            they believe the authorities are losing the fight
            against the Mafia.
            O You can also use on-the-record before a

            noun.

            He has never before given an on-the-record
            interview or been quoted in any media out
            let.

            I failed to get any on-the-record local authority
            line on the matter.

            set the record straight
            put the record straight
            444
            If you set the record straight or put the
            record straight, you state that something is
            wrong and then correct the mistake or misunderstanding.
            The investigation concluded that the basis of
            our article was wrong. This page sets the record
            straight.
            But a company seeing wrong information
            about itself on a report can have a frustrating
            time setting the record straight.
            I am amazed at the rubbish written about
            my alleged lack of fitness. Let me put the rec
            ord straight.

            red
            in the red

            record
            off the record

            red-handed

            320

            into the red
            out of the red
            If a person or organization is in the red,
            they owe money to someone or to another organization.
            Compare in the black; see black.
            Banks are desperate to get your custom evert

            If you're in the red.

            The company was already in the red to the
            extent of more than three million pounds.
            You can also say that you go into the red
            when you start to owe money to the bank, or
            that you come out of the red when you have
            paid back your debt.
            The network faces the prospect of falling back
            into the red for the first time in five years.
            Life may be more complicated these days, but
            it means we're climbing out of the red.

            red as a beetroot
            red as a beet
            If you say that someone goes as red as a
            beetroot or as red as a beet, you mean that
            their face goes very red, for example because
            they are very hot or very embarrassed. 'Red
            as a beetroot' is used in British English and
            'red as a beet' is used in American English.
            She ran her bath, then she plunged into the
            water and topped it up until it was as hot as
            she could bear. It would make her face as red
            as a boiled beetroot, but that was too bad.
            He turned as red as beetroot when l told him.
            a red letter day
            -4
            You refer to a day as a red letter day when

            or exciting happens
            then.
            Back in I986 Jim had his first picture published
            in BBC Wildlife Magazine. 'That was a
            real red letter day for me!' he confesses.
            Aleksandra loved her son-in-law and each
            time he came to see her was a red-letter day.

            something very important

            see red

            444

            If you see red, you suddenly become very
            angry or annoyed because of something which
            has been said or done.
            I cannot stand humiliation of any kind. I just
            see red. I could pick up a bottle and just smash
            it in someone's face because of it

            I
            I
            I

            The programmes so far have simply re
            negative stereotype images of young I
            Black people. It makes me see red What on
            earth do the producers of these programmes 1
            think they are doing?

            inforced

            red-handed
            44
            catch someone red-handed
            If someone is caught red-handed, they are
            caught while they are doing something illegal
            or wrong.


                evince -p 340 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            reed
            .

            tact,

            the burglar wasn't inside the flat, but

            by
            nthe roof and was caught red-handed the
            police smugglers caught red-handed with sevThree
            kilograms of uranium and other radioacdetained last week in the
            eÿvel materials were
            city of Rzeszow
            Polish
            southern

            reed
            'd

            ride

            321

            broken reed

            if you refer to one of the members of a
            group i_as a broken reed, you mean that they
            are very weak and so you cannot depend on

            them in difficult situations. This is a literary
            expression, which is used in British English.
            They recognized that their allies were a broken
            reed-

            reign

            a reign of terror

            444

            A reign of terror is a period during which
            there is a lot of violence and killing, especial
            ly by people who are in positions of power.
            The president last night dismissed the government,
            accusing it of maladministration, corruption
            and nepotism, and of having unleashed a
            reign of terror against its political opponents.
            His victims during a four-month reign of terror
            included a schoolgirl and a student.

            rein

            someone free rein
            allow someone free rein
            444
            If someone is given free rein or is allowed
            free rein to do something, they are given all
            the freedom they want or need to do it.
            He was given free rein to manage the cavalry
            as he wished.
            Much to her delight, she was given a free
            rein, her clients were keen that she should feature
            her own style and create ideas especially
            for them.
            Most husbands, Barker discovered, insist that
            ‘teir tastes should dominate in areas like the
            ‘icing room. Their wives are allowed free rein
            only in private rooms like the bedroom.
            keep a tight rein on someone
            u°ld someone on a tight rein
            44
            If you keep a tight rein on someone or
            something, you control them firmly. You can
            also say that you hold them on a tight rein.
            11 is said that you kept a very tight rein on
            daughters, and that you were a very strict
            Jathvr. Is that true?
            The recession has forced people to keep a very
            l8ht rein on their finances when on holiday.
            J ,arn holding my thoughts on a tight rein
            give

            n° refusing to allow myself

            to think ahead.

            rhyme
            without rhyme or reason

            <

            If you say that something happens without
            rhyme or reason, you mean that there seems
            to be no logical or obvious reason for it to
            happen. You can also say that there is no
            rhyme or reason for it to happen.
            Cuts are being made without rhyme or reason.
            The only motive is to save money to meet
            Treasury targets.
            Sometimes I still get so depressed. There's no
            rhyme or reason for why all these awful things
            have happened

            rich
            rich as Croesus
            If you say that someone is as rich as
            Croesus, you mean that they are very rich.
            This expression is used in British English.
            I made an awful lot of money. I was paying
            myself £40,000 in 1984, and with all the perks
            was living an £80,000 lifestyle l was getting

            rich as Croesus.
            He may be nearly as rich as Croesus, but
            that's still not rich enough for him.

            strike it rich

            4

            If you strike it rich, you suddenly earn or
            win a large amount of money.
            She says the graduates' perception is that
            commerce offers more opportunities to strike it
            rich.
            I've been thinking, prospecting might be just
            what we've been looking for a quick way to
            strike it rich.

            riddles
            talk in riddles
            If you say that someone is talking in riddles,
            you are accusing them of not saying
            clearly and directly what they mean. The verb
            'speak' is sometimes used instead of ‘talk'.
            For several days, he dropped enigmatic clues
            to Ann. and talked in riddles about his unpredictable
            absences of the past months.
            He seemed to be speaking in riddles when he
            added that anyone who studied the election law
            carefully would understand

            ride
            a free ride

            444

            If you say that someone is getting a free
            ride in a particular situation, you disapprove
            of the fact that they are getting some benefit
            from it without putting any effort into achieving
            it themselves.
            I never wanted anyone to think l was getting
            a free ride or special treatment from the boss.
            Tyrone will graduate soon and try to get his
            high school diploma. Many students like him


                evince -p 341 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            right
            are hoping to go to college. And then there are
            others who are just in for the free ride.
            go along for the ride

            come along for the ride
            If you say that someone is going along for
            the ride or is coming along for the ride,
            you mean that they have decided to join in an
            activity but are not doing it seriously or getting
            deeply involved in it.
            Your boyfriend is not likely to be serious
            about anything this week except having a good
            time. Go along for the ride.
            ‘Who's that with you?' 'A friend of mine He
            came along for the ride. '

            a rough ride
            a bumpy ride
            an easy ride

            444

            If you say that someone will have a rough
            ride or a bumpy ride, you mean that they
            are likely to have a lot of problems and that
            it will be very difficult for them to achieve
            something.
            The government is likely to face a rough ride
            in parliament
            The recession yesterday continued to provide
            a bumpy ride for the lower and middle range
            of the art market.
            You can say that someone will have an
            easy ride if you think that they will achieve
            something without difficulty because they do
            not face much opposition
            You don t come into politics expecting an easy

            ride.
            44
            take someone for a ride
            If you say that someone has been taken for
            a ride, you mean that they have been deceived
            or cheated.
            You've been taken for a ride. Why did you

            give him five thousand francs?
            Why do l have this sneaking suspicion that
            he is taking us all for a ride?

            right
            right as rain
            If you say that someone is as right as rain,
            you mean that they are feeling well or
            healthy again after an illness or injury.
            I am sure Graeme will come back as fit as
            ever He's only in his late 30s. I was in my ear
            ly 50s when I had the surgery and I feel as
            right as rain.
            We put a bandage on his knee, gave him a
            biscuit and a cup of tea and he was right as
            rain.

            your right-hand man
            your right-hand woman

            rrngi

            322

            444

            Someone's right-hand man is their close as
            sistant and the person they trust to help and
            support them in everything they do. This ex

            pression is commonly used to talk about poljj
            tics or business. People occasionally talk
            about someone's right-hand woman or their
            right-hand person.
            Paddy Ashdown's speech to the Liberal DerrtoA
            crat conference yesterday was the last drafted
            for him by Alan Leaman. his right hand mo/ij
            for the past 10 years.
            He was always by her side and supported her
            in everything she did. He was her right hanA
            man, her business manager, and he iraveUeA
            with her everywhere.
            It's about time the Foundation started an o/j
            collection. But, besides that, you'd be Olivers
            right-hand woman. He needs somebody he can
            really rely on, don't you, Oliver?

            j

            I

            rights
            bang to rights:1
            dead to rights
            If you have got someone bang to rights,
            you have got enough evidence against them to
            accuse them of a crime and to prove that they
            are guilty. You can also have someone dead
            to rights. These expressions are used mainly
            in novels.
            You've got your man got him bang to rights
            - evidence, witnesses, the lot.
            Now. Captain Millard, how do you intend to
            proceed in the Rofaelli case? I mean, you have
            him pretty well dead to rights.

            bang to rights: 2
            dead to rights
            If someone gets you bang to rights, they
            show a good understanding of you and describe
            you accurately. You can also have
            someone dead to rights.
            I read Matthew Sura's piece on you last
            month and l thought he got you bang to
            rights.

            He is described as a debater, who made opponents
            feel personally responsible for everything‘My wife thinks that gets me bang to rights. '

            ringer

            a dead ringer for someone

            44

            If you say that one person is a dead ringed
            for another, you mean that the first person
            looks or sounds exactly like the second.
            The characters were led by Herman Munster
            head of the household and a dead ringer f°r

            Frankenstein's monster.
            She's throaty and suggestive, and a deadringer for Madonna
            An ordinary guy from Baltimore, Dave Kovit
            is extraordinary in one respect he's a dead
            ringer for the US President


                evince -p 342 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            rings
            rings

            round someone

            4

            rings round you or runs
            someone runs
            you, they are much better at a

            |f
            rings

            around

            Particular
            you.
            IJutwit
            Mentally, he can still run rings round men

            activity than you and can beat or

            half his age
            The permanent civil servants call the tune;
            they can run rings round the average minister.
            gorean born Jaechul Ahn, a Minneapolis
            hosed

            river

            323

            rings

            exporter of timber products, says he's

            running rings around his larger American

            competitors in sales to Korea, Taiwan and Ja
            pan.

            ringside

            My imagination ran riot, visualising late
            nights, weekend parties, and irregular meals
            We have no proof and when there is no proof.

            rumour runs riot

            rip
            let rip: 1

            44

            If you let rip or let it rip, you do something
            without restraint.
            I give a dinner party for ten people about
            every three weeks. It's a big number where I
            can really let rip and make things look beauti

            fal
            She will find that she does not ache after two
            days and by the end of her skiing holiday will
            be able to let rip on the mountains.
            All of them know exactly when to let it rip

            and when to tread softly.

            a ringside seat
            a ringside view

            let rip: 2

            If you have a ringside seat or a ringside
            view you have an excellent and clear view of
            what is happening somewhere.
            From Arena l Lodge, a newly opened guest
            house to the south-east of Lake Arenal. you get
            a ringside seat at the volcano's performance
            The first US presidential election for which I
            had a ringside seat was that which brought
            John F. Kennedy to office over 30 years ago.

            4

            If you say that someone lets rip, you mean
            that they suddenly start talking about something
            that they feel strongly about but that
            they had previously been quiet about.
            He sometimes wondered if it wouldn't be better
            if she let rip as she used to do over his inadequacies
                in the past.
            When he quit the Commons he let rip. claim
            ing Parliament was 'a club for fal, tired, unfit
            old men'.

            riot

            rise

            read the riot act
            4
            If someone in authority reads the riot act.
            they angrily tell someone off for having done
            something stupid or wrong.
            I'm glad you read the riot act to Billy. He's
            still a kid, you know. He still needs to be told
            what to do.
            The president read the riot act to his party.
            warning those who sought to preserve the old
            system that power was already slipping from
            their grasp.
            ttin riot: 1
            444
            If someone runs riot, they get out of con
            get a rise out of someone
            4
            If you get a rise out of someone, you delib
            erately make them angry by teasing them or
            making fun of them.

            ra

            Where

            my older sister Mandy had run riot,
            doubled their
            with me. They
            were far stricter with meefforts
            about school work,
            Joe example.
            Ignoring small crimes guarantees not only
            hat they will carry on but that they will become
            big ones. Besides, there can be no parts of
            Britain which are no-go areas, where gangs
            ,Un dot terrorising the innocent while the po‘ce stay safely away.

            my

            parents

            riot: 2

            44

            If something
            as imagination or specula
            on runs riot,such
            it expresses itself or spreads
            an uncontrolled way.

            If he told Liwy he had my backing, my guess
            is he did it to taunt her. to get a rise out of

            tar

            He decided to just go along with everything
            Johnson did and cater to him, on the theory
            that Johnson would quit bothering him once he
            saw he couldn't get a rise out of him.
            take the rise out of someone
            If you take the rise out of someone or
            something, you make fun of them.
            That day they had the game won by half-time
            but they weren't satisfied with that They were
            taking the rise out of us and my players won't
            forget that embarrassment in a hurry.
            It should be fun taking the rise out of some
            love songs.

            river
            4
            sell someone down the river
            If someone sells you down the river, they
            betray you or do something which harms you

            in order to gain an advantage for themselves.
            He said he could not agree to measures which
            would sell British farmers down the river in


                evince -p 343 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            road
            order to keep smaller, less efficient farms in
            production.
            He has been sold down the river by the people
            who were supposed to protect him. It had a
            devastating effect on his health.
            -44
            down the road
            If you talk about something happening a
            particular number of years or months down
            the road, you are talking about its happening
            after that amount of time. Down the line
            means the same.
            Twenty-five years down the road from independence.
            we have to start making some new

            priorities.
            The index is designed to predict economic per
            forma nee six to nine months down the road.
            Many authorities are concerned that longterm
            side effects will show up years down the

            road.

            444

            If you hit the road, you begin a journey.
            The band plan to release a new single and
            hit the road for a tour in November.
            President Clinton hits the road again today.
            this time heading west; first to New Mexico,
            then on to California.
            take the high road

            take the low road
            If you say that someone takes the

            buy them back again later at triple the pric
            They're just ripping the fans off; it's daylight
            robbery.

            rock
            between a rock and a hard place

            road

            hit the road

            r ocker

            324

            4

            high

            road, you mean that they follow the course of
            action which is the most moral or most correct
            and which is least likely to harm or
            upset other people. This expression is used in
            American English.
            Carol stayed out of the crossfire and was perceived
            as taking a high road.
            US diplomats say the president is likely to
            take the high road in his statements about
            trade.
            You can say that someone takes the low
            road when they follow an immoral or dishonest
            course of action.
            He was charged with taking the low road,
            which he seemed to do with relish.

            robbery
            highway robbery
            daylight robbery
            4
            If you are charged a lot of money for something
            that should cost a lot less or even nothing
            at all, you can refer to it as highway robbery
            to express your outrage at it. In British
            English, the expression daylight robbery is
            also used.
            They are charging three bucks for the comics,
            which sounds like highway robbery to us.
            They're not doing a service, they're just taking
            the tickets away from the fans who have to

            4

            If you are caught between a rock and g
            hard place, you are in a difficult situation
            where you have to choose between two equal.
            ly unpleasant courses of action.
            We were caught between a rock and a hard
            place Either we spend two months planningÿ
            the operation and people say we are too late, or
            we come in and make it work on the ground. P
            Goss is caught between a rock and a hard
            place. If he bows to pressure and makes concessions
            on proposed cuts, middle ground voters
            could see him as the typical labor Premier in
            the grip of union bosses. If he ignores the unions
            he runs the risk of further alienating hit]
            traditional party supporters

            I

            hit rock bottom: 1
            reach rock bottom
            at rock bottom
            444
            If something hits rock bottom, it is at an
            extremely low level and cannot go any lower.
            You can also say that it reaches rock bottom
            or is at rock bottom.
            The UK motor industry slumped to one of its
            blackest days yesterday as new car sales hit
            rock bottom.
            This is a good time to buy a house. Prices
            have reached rock-bottom in most areas.
            Morale is at rock-bottom and constant talk of
            job losses does nothing to make them feel any

            safer in their jobs.

            D When people buy or sell things at rockbottom prices, they buy or sell them when
            prices are extremely low.
            He has been buying property at rock bottom

            prices

            hit rock bottom: 2
            reach rock bottom
            at rock bottom

            4

            If someone hits rock bottom, they are in a
            hopeless or difficult situation, and so feel very
            depressed. You can also say that they reach
            rock bottom or they are at rock bottom.
            When my girlfriend asked me to move out of
            our flat and end our relationship. I hit rods

            bottom.
            Tve reached rock bottom, time to call it quits.
            She was at rock bottom. Her long-term lot*
            affair was breaking up and so was she.

            rocker
            off your rocker

            4

            If you say that someone is off their rocker>
            you mean that they are crazy or completely
            logical. This is an informal expression.


                evince -p 344 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            rocket
            they'Ye saying that I'm past it at
            that the old so-and-so has either lost his
            or finally gone off his rocker.
            10
            will think I'm off my rocker
            Mrs Stevens
            out my money like that before the
            business is even settled.
            l
            1

            suppose

            l,Mch

            rocket

            rocket scientist
            science
            not rocket
            can use expressions such as ‘it

            a

            4

            doesn't
            to point out that do
            take a rocket scientist'
            ing a particular thing does not need much intelligence
            or skill, and is actually very easy or
            is used mainly in
            obvious. This expression becoming
            more combut
            is
            American English,
            mon in British English.
            It doesn't take a rocket scientist to make a
            y0u

            rock record.

            You don't have to be a rocket scientist to
            wine at £3.99 is better value
            than a wine at £2.49 Most of the costs involved
            in making and selling wine are fixed so, in
            theory at least, the more you spend the better
            the wine.
            If you say that something isn't rocket science,
            you are emphasizing that it is very
            easy.
            In 1931. it didn 1t take long for our people at
            CBS to learn these techniques. As I'd told
            Sauter, this isn't rocket science.

            understand that a

            rocks
            Ret your rocks off
            If you say that someone is getting their
            rocks ofT, you mean that they are getting a
            lot of pleasure or satisfaction at someone
            else's expense. This is an informal expression,
            which many people find offensive.
            You're getting your rocks off by pushing certain
            people way beyond their limits.
            O This expression is often used to talk about
            a man getting sexual excitement or satisfaction
            without caring about his partner.
            0n the

            rocks

            4

            If something such as a relationship or busiis
            on the rocks, it is experiencing many
            difficulties and is likely to end or fail.
            Their marriage was on the rocks, the husband had loved another woman for years; but
            ‘bey had determined not to divorce until the
            children were grown up.
            Our
            industry is on the rocks, reduced to
            a sad film
            rump from the glory days when we could
            "‘atch Hollywood for talent.

            ness

            rod

            •iiake a rod for

            Home

            325

            your own back
            you say that someone has made a rod
            ,
            °r their own back, you mean that they have

            unintentionally done something which will

            cause them many problems. Verbs such as
            'create' are sometimes used instead of 'make'.
            This expression is used in British English.
            The transport secretary, who expects to be
            flooded with angry drivers dialling from car
            phones, said 'I know I am making a rod for
            my own back. But if people see examples where
            contractors have clearly got long stretches of
            cones with nothing happening, they should let
            me know.'
            In a way. the company's success has created a
            rod for its own back, for the style is ceaselessly
            copied

            roll
            on a roll

            444

            If you say that you are on a roll, you mean
            that things are going very well for you, for
            example in your work or personal life, and
            you are making a lot of progress and having a
            lot of success.
            WeYe on a roll and we Ye winning, which
            gives the players that extra belief in themselves.
            Everything was going great for me. I made a
            name for myself and l was on a roll, l couldn't
            see anything going wrong.
            When you start playing consistently, you get
            on a roll and youYe harder to stop.

            Rome
            4
            fiddle while Rome burns
            If you accuse someone of fiddling while
            Rome burns, you mean that they are doing
            nothing or are spending their time on unim

            portant things when they have very serious
            issues or problems to deal with.
            Be said that the Australian community did
            not realise the gravity of the situation. We
            think it does: it is the Federal Government that
            has been fiddling while Rome burns
            The Financial Times is also critical. It says
            the twelve leaders decided to fiddle in Rome.
            leaving the problem of farm reform to burn.
            This expression is very variable. For example,
            people sometimes replace 'Rome' with a
            different place name or other noun so that
            this expression is more relevant to the subject

            they are talking about.
            People talk about choice, people talk about
            educational reform but while the politicians
            fiddle. Los Angeles and Chicago are burning
            and these kids' educational opportunities are
            going down in flames as well.
            Far from fiddling while depositors got burnt,
            the Bank of England spent years containing

            BCCl's losses.

            Rome was not built in a day
            People say ‘Rome was not built in a day'
            to point out that it takes a long time to do a


                evince -p 345 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            roof
            job or task properly, and you should not rush
            it or expect to do it quickly.
            Only two shoppers I interviewed were charitable
            about the new government. 'Rome wasn't
            built in a day,' one man said ‘Let's give them
            more time.'
            I know Rome wasn't built in a day but l
            don't want to wait 200 years.

            when in Rome
            when in Rome, do as the Romans do
            You say ‘when in Rome' to mean that people
            should follow the customs of the people
            they are visiting or living with.
            ‘Aren't you meant to be at the Prado, not
            here?" 'I was. but there's a limit to art appreciation,
            however great the pictures may be.
            And there are better things to do of an afternoon.
            When in Rome. Isn't this how Spanish
            men spend the time from two till four?'
            This expression comes from the proverb
            when in Rome, do as the Romans do.
            When in Rome (or Palo Alto) do as the Romans
            do. Close up shop for a month or so for
            vacation. That's why the restaurant has been
            quiet and empty for the last two weeks.

            roof
            go through the roof:1
            hit the roof
            go through the ceiling

            pie by cheering, singing, or shouting. In
            ish English, you can also say that

            Brit.

            someonJ

            lifts the roof
            When the night staff came on. the infant UIQ,
            still raising the roof.
            Best audience I've ever had in my life - they
            practically raised the roof.
            The cheers and roars of approval lifted the
            pavilion

            roof.

            rooftops
            shout something from the rooftops

            4

            If you shout something from the roofto
            you let a lot of people know about somethi
            that you are particularly angry or excil
            about. Other verbs are sometimes used in'
            stead of ‘shout'.
            / would love to be able to shout our results

            from

            the rooftops.

            I didn't want to shout about it from the rooftops
            because the tabloids would have made me
            out a lunatic.
            Nobody has beaten Ferguson in the first
            round before. I am not going to brag about it
            from the rooftops, but I think I deserve a bit of
            credit for doing something no man has done. I

            room
            a smoke-hlled room
            44

            If the level of something such as the price of
            a product or the rate of inflation suddenly increases
            very rapidly, you can say that it goes
            through the roof or hits the roof. You can
            use 'ceiling' instead of ‘roof.
            Interest rates were going through the roof
            In 1990, wool prices hit the roof
            Sales went through the ceiling and pharmacists
            began reporting shortages of the drug.
            go through the roof: 2

            hit the roof
            44
            hit the ceiling
            If someone goes through the roof or hits

            the roof, they suddenly become very angry,
            and usually show their anger by shouting at
            someone. You can use 'ceiling' instead of

            'roof.
            I admitted I had ordered a racing car, and
            found myself in terrible trouble. He went
            through the roof!

            I don't know what to think. Everyone seems
            angry with me. My parents have hit the roof.
            I hit the ceiling. I had wanted her sympathy,
            and I thought she was being really hard on
            me. I flounced out and drove home.

            raise the roof
            lift the roof

            rot

            326

            4

            If a person or a crowd of people raises the
            roof, they make a very loud noise, for exam
            44

            If someone says that a political or business I
            decision is made in a smoke-filled room, 1
            they mean that it is made by a small group of
            people in a private meeting, rather than in a
            more democratic or open way.
            Richards doesn't think that a return to the
            smoke-filled room, in which a few bosses make
            the decision, would be possible.
            I would say that those 400 people do reflect a
            broad spectrum of expertise and interests, so
            we can't really say that just a small group it

            getting together in a snail smoke-filled

            room.

            roost
            come home to roost
            the chickens come home to roost

            44

            If someone has done something bad or unacceptable,
            and you say that it has come home
            to roost, you mean that they will now have
            to deal with the unpleasant consequences
            their actions.
            You ought to have known that your W*
            would come home to roost in the end.
            The contradictions between the President's de
            sire to be seen as the provider of a better lift
            for all and harsh social and economic realuf
            have now come home to roost.
            You can also say the chickens are coin!®*
            home to roost to mean the same thing. Pÿ
            pie sometimes say ‘pigeons' instead of ‘chic*'
            ens\

            J


                evince -p 346 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            root

            327

            politicians can fool some people some of the
            in the end, the chickens will come
            time. but
            home to roost.

            44
            rule the roost
            roost,
            or
            the
            is
            the
            she
            he
            rules
            someone
            If
            most powerful and important person in a
            group.

            In

            Germany,

            scientists will be found at the

            manufacturing companies; in Britain.
            accountants rule the roost.
            People sometimes say that something rules
            the roost when it is more popular than the
            things that it is being compared to.
            By now you would expect CD to rule the
            roast, having relegated the venerable black vinyl
            record to a dark and dusty corner of the
            top

            of many

            Science Museum.

            root
            money is the root of all evil
            the love of money is the root of all

            evil

            4

            People say ‘money is the root of all evil'
            when they want to suggest that greed is the
            cause of a particular problem or the cause of
            society's problems in general. Other nouns
            are sometimes used instead of 'money' to suggest
            that these things are the cause of a problem.
            From what I gather, Mr Smith owed Mr Mor
            ris some money. I believe the amount involved
            is a substantial sum and money is the root of
            all evil, as they say.
            Greed may not be the root of all evil, but
            most certainly it is lurking behind many conflicts,
            from schoolyard spats to full-scale wars.
            This expression comes from the proverb
            the love of money is the root of all evil.
            If ever we want evidence that the love of money
            is the root of all evil, we only have to look
            at the human cost of many monetary policies
            and decisions.

            root and branch
            If something is changed or reformed root
            and branch, it is changed or reformed completely,
            so that none of the old or traditional
            Parts remain.
            These genuinely radical measures, in contrast
            10 the half-measures of the previous reforms,
            should change our economic system root and

            branch.
            h is common for such a discovery to prompt
            determination to yank tradition out, root and
            °branch
            G A root-and-branch reform or change is a
            complete reform or change.
            To an independent outsider, the need for a

            r°ot-and branch reform of the administrative

            structure

            seemed absolutely essential and very
            '°ng overdue

            i

            upc

            take root
            444
            If an idea, belief, or custom takes root, it
            becomes established or begins to develop.
            When communism fell in Poland, it was said

            that time would be needed for democracy to
            take root.
            The idea of starting up his own picture library
            began to take root.
            Green politics have taken firm root in Alsace,
            where the Green Party have a chance of gaining
            two seats.

            roots
            put down roots: 1
            4
            If someone puts down roots, they make a
            place their home, for example by taking part
            in activities there or by making a lot of

            friends there.
            Servicemen and women are seldom in the
            same place long enough to put down roots and
            buy their own home.
            When they got to Montana they stayed, they
            put down roots, they built a life.

            put down roots: 2
            If something puts down roots somewhere.
            it becomes firmly established there, so that it
            is likely to last and to be successful in the fu
            ture.
            Not only did the party increase its share of
            the poll but it also put down roots in areas
            where it had previously been weak or even
            non-existent.
            Despite evident parliamentary disarray, democracy
            is putting down roots.

            rope
            at the end of your rope
            If you say that you are at the end of your
            rope, you mean that you feel desperate because
            you are in a difficult situation and do
            not know how to deal with it. You can also
            use this expression to show your impatience
            or annoyance with someone. This expression
            is used mainly in American English; the
            usual British expression is at the end of
            your tether.
            Everything is dreadful and l am at the end of
            my rope.
            He'd tried everything he could think of. and
            he was nearing the end of his rope.
            give someone enough rope to hang

            themselves

            4
            give someone enough rope
            If you give someone enough rope to hang
            themselves, you give them the freedom to do
            something in the way they want to do it.
            usually in the hope that they will fail or become
            weak by doing it the wrong way.
            The King has merely given the politicians
            enough rope to hang themselves, and once the


                evince -p 347 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            ropes
            party system has been discredited by political
            in fighting, he will present himself once again

            as an absolute ruler.

            The newspaper feared it was being manipulated
            by those who wanted greater controls on
            the press: "We're worried that we're being set
            up. Being given enough rope to hang ourselves.
            '
            D If you give someone enough rope or give
            them the rope they need, you give them the
            freedom to do what they want in their own
            way.
            He would give you enough rope and see what
            you did with it.
            Seems to me they're already being given too
            much rope. The Commissioner and l are not at
            all happy about the way they're developing.

            ropes
            learn the ropes
            know the ropes

            44

            If you learn the ropes, you learn how to do
            a particular job or task
            He tried hiring more salesmen to push his radio
            products, but they took too much time to
            learn the ropes
            By the time he was 34. he had learnt the
            ropes of the jewellery trade and developed ambition.
            He then took over as managing director
            of the family business.
            You can also say that someone knows the
            ropes when they know how a particular job
            or task should be done.
            He made her his secretary. That was the real
            beginning. The moment she got to know the
            ropes, there was no stopping her.

            on the ropes

            rose-tinted

            328

            44

            If you say that someone is on the ropes,
            you mean that they are very close to failing

            or being defeated

            The government we have now is on the ropes.
            as reviled as any in modern history. It soon
            faces another catastrophic by-election.
            The Denver-based developer has been on the
            ropes because of depressed housing markets in
            Denver, Texas and Arizona.
            4
            show someone the ropes
            If you show someone the ropes, you show
            them how to do a particular job or task. The
            verb ‘teach' is sometimes used instead of

            ‘show'.
            We had a patrol out on the border, breaking
            in some young soldiers, showing them the
            ropes.
            He guaranteed the kid was up to the job and
            he promised to work overtime teaching him the
            ropes.

            roses
            come up smelling of roses
            If someone has been in a difficult situation ]

            and you say that they have come up smell.
            ing of roses, you mean that they are now in
            a better or stronger situation than they were (
            before. You usually use this expression to
            show your surprise or resentment that this
            has happened
            Tom Ellis, who walked out on Monday after
            a boardroom row. has come up smelling of
            roses. He has been snapped up by a rival engineering company and the word is that his |
            financial package is even healthier.
            No matter the problem, he manages to wrig.
            gle out of it and come up smelling of roses.

            ]

            everything is coming up roses
            4
            If you say that everything is coming up
            roses for someone, you mean that they are
            having a lot of success and everything is going
            well for them.
            In the US suddenly, everything is coming up
            roses, with unemployment on a downward
            trend and industrial production on the way up.
            For Rachel Ashwell, everything's coming up
            roses both in her home and her working life.

            not a bed of roses
            not all roses

            4

            If you say that a situation is not a bed of
            roses or not all roses, you mean that it is
            not all pleasant, and that there are some unpleasant
            aspects to it as well.
            Life as a graduate is not a bed of roses.
            I was angry with the world and with myself.
            and not without reason: my life had not been a
            bed of roses.
            Inmates who have not considered their financial
            position are frequently shocked at the problems
            facing them on their release. The future's
            never all roses, and we make the men think
            about that.

            rose-tinted
            rose-tinted spectacles
            rose-coloured glasses
            If you say that someone looks at

            44
            something

            through rose-tinted spectacles or rosecoloured glasses, you mean that they only
            notice the good things about it and so their
            view is unrealistic.
            He accused diplomats of looking at the world
            through rose-tinted spectacles.
            Even when I'd stopped looking at him
            through rose-coloured spectacles and I could see
            what he was. I was still tied to him.
            Real estate broker Tom Foye believes that
            many buyers tend to look at houses with rosecolored glasses. Consequently, they end up feeling
            cheated.

            J


                evince -p 348 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            rough
            !

            Rose-coloured'

            is spelled ‘rose-colored' in

            little rough with the smooth, we promise you

            an exciting and exhilarating trip
            You have to take the rough with the smooth.
            I never promised there would be no risk.

            rough
            rough
            cul UP
            up
            If you say that someone cuts

            rough, you
            that they suddenly become extremely
            angry or violent. This expression is used in
            British English.
            •Defenseless‘ stars Barbara Hershey as a delawyer
            whose fling with her client comes
            fence bloody
            end when he cuts up rough with
            to a
            in his office one night

            mean

            her
            I was detailed to take a revolver and accom
            pany the sailor who brought him his meals in
            case he cut up rough.

            44-4
            rough and ready: 1
            If you describe something as rough and
            ready, you mean that it is rather simple and
            basic, or it is not very exact, because it has
            been thought of or done in a hurry.
            The rough and ready method used to limit
            total costs worked reasonably well.
            We put up for the night at the town's only
            hostelry, a rough-and ready bar with rooms at
            lached.
            These home-made jobs are rough and ready
            and are inferior to the real thing.

            rough and ready: 2
            If you describe someone as rough and
            ready, you mean that they are not very wellmannered or refined.
            Some time ago I found myself temporarily in
            the employ of Joe Peters, a rough and ready
            but curiously sophisticated Canadian who came
            up the hard way.
            At first the rough and ready sailors did not
            know what to make of the young cleric.
            rough and tumble
            -444
            You can use rough and tumble to refer to a
            situation in which the people involved try
            hard to get what they want, and do not worry
            about upsetting or harming others. You use
            this expression when you think that this is
            normal or acceptable behaviour.
            Whoever expected leaders in the rough and
            tumble of electoral politics to be nice or fair?
            Science is a rough-and-tumble activity that includes
            robust, healthy debate.
            He cut his political teeth in the rough-andtumble world of student politics at the Universi‘y of Queensland.

            take the rough

            row

            329

            with the smooth

            4

            you take the rough with the smooth.
            V°u are willing to accept both the unpleasant
            and pleasant aspects of something. This expression
            is used in British English.
            This is a camping trip, so if you can take a

            roughshod
            ride roughshod over someone

            44

            If someone rides roughshod over other
            people, they pay no attention to what those
            people want, or they take decisions without
            considering their feelings or interests The
            verb ‘run' can be used instead of ‘ride'.
            Successive Secretaries of State for Education
            have arrogantly believed that they knew best,
            riding roughshod over parents and teachers.
            Bosses nowadays seem to think they can ride
            roughshod over unions and l like to see them
            fighting back.
            Beaver brook had run roughshod over the
            British military establishment to accomplish
            his objectives.
            You can also say that someone rides
            roughshod over the rights or interests of
            other people.
            This represents one of the few occasions in local
            government where voters can fight back
            and stop politicians riding roughshod over
            their wishes.

            roulette
            44
            Russian roulette
            If you say that someone is playing Russian
            roulette, you are critical of them for doing

            something which is very dangerous because it
            involves unpredictable risks. You can also say
            that a situation is like a game of Russian
            roulette.
            One ex-employee said security was so lax that
            the airline was, in effect, playing Russian roulette
            with passengers' lives.
            A concrete set of rules on which people can
            plan their financial future is necessary to stop
            the financial Russian roulette which people are
            being forced to play with their futures
            If someone plays Russian roulette, they
            fire a gun containing only one bullet at their
            head without knowing whether the bullet will
            be released or not.

            row
            a hard row to hoe
            a tough row to hoe
            If you say that you have a hard row to hoe
            or a tough row to hoe, you mean that you
            are in a situation which is very difficult to
            deal with.
            She is the first to admit that being a woman
            in politics has been a hard and sometimes isolated
            row to hoe.
            / think, however, that in a criminal prosecu


                evince -p 349 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            rub
            tion against the police, the prosecutor has a
            very tough row to hoe

            rub
            4
            don't rub it in
            You can say to someone ‘don't rub it in'
            when they are drawing attention to something
            that involves you and that you find embarrassing
            or unpleasant. When someone is doing
            this, you can say that they are rubbing it in.
            This expression is used mainly in spoken

            English.
            'Beyond that, it was a matter of trust ' Her
            voice cracked on the word. ‘Misplaced trust, it
            would seem. ' 'Don't rub it in. Inspector. '
            Of course too much good fortune could give
            rise to someone else's envy, so don't rub it in by
            boasting.
            Thanks a lot. Meg. All l can hope is, maybe
            some day your heart will be broken and someone
            younger than you will start rubbing it in
            the way you ‘re doing to me.

            not have two pennies to rub together
            not have two nickels to rub together 4
            If you say that someone doesn't have two
            pennies to rub together, you are emphasiz
            ing that they have very little money. You can
            replace 'pennies' with another word referring
            to coins, for example ‘nickels' in American
            English, or ‘halfpennies' or 'farthings' in oldfashioned British English.
            And from all those interviews her family gave
            to the Press they sounded as if they hadn't two
            pennies to rub together
            He came here in 1980 from Vietnam. He didn't
            have two nickels to rub together I think he's
            done pretty good for himself
            Kids didn't read books, and even if this one
            did, he didn't have two brass farthings to rub

            one.
            You can use other nouns in similar structures
            when you are emphasizing that someone
            or something has very little of a particular
            together to buy

            quality.
            Out of 17 named singers there are not two
            true Rossini voices of international quality to
            rub together
            You can also use these expressions without
            a negative when you are suggesting that
            someone or something has more of a quality
            than other people or things.
            Anyone with two brain cells to rub together
            could have spotted she wasn't to be trusted

            the rub of the green
            If you say that you have the rub of the
            green in an activity or sport, you mean that
            you have good luck. This expression is used
            mainly in British English.
            Providing we have the rub of the green, there

            r Ugl

            330

            I

            is no reason why we can't do really well in

            summer.

            At this stage West would appreciate the rub

            of the green: the sort of luck that gave Bristol Q

            penalty.

            I.I

            there's the rub
            therein lies the rub
            You say ‘there's the rub' or ‘therein liet
            the rub' when you are commenting on a pr*.
            vious statement and drawing attention to a
            problem or contradiction which you think is
            difficult or impossible to deal with. You can
            also say ‘here's the rub' or 'there lies the

            rub'.
            7 am definitely not part of the club. I think
            they regard me as this ferocious feminist who
            doesn't approve of them.' And there's the rub.
            Women are much prone to imagining they are
            being criticised even when they are not.
            1
            'What we are asking for is a clarification of
            the current laws We want to know what the
            law says is or is not pornography. ' Ah, therein
            lies the rub Porn, like beauty, is in the eye of
            the beholder.

            Rubicon
            cross the Rubicon

            4

            If someone has crossed the Rubicon, they
            have made an important decision which cannot
            be changed and which will have very important
            consequences.
            Mr Major's clear support for military action
            has come at a time when President Bush himself
            is said by his spokesmen to have crossed
            the Rubicon in his mind about the use of force.
            No Rubicon has been crossed here. The decision
            to withdraw all treatment from him may
            look new and startling but this is something
            doctors already have to do every day.
            Sometimes this important decision is referred
            to as a person's Rubicon
            After the moment there would be no turning
            back; if he was making a big mistake, this was
            his Rubicon.

            rug
            puli the rug from under you
            -4-4
            pull the rug from under your feet
            If someone pulls the rug from under you
            or pulls the rug from under your feet, they
            suddenly stop helping and supporting yoUThese expressions are often varied, for example
            by replacing 'pull' with another verb.
            If the banks opt to pull the rug from under
            the ill-fated project, it will go into liquidation
            and be sold off.
            Every time we have been close to saving the
            shipyard, the Government has pulled the rug

            from under our feet.

            I

            I


                evince -p 350 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            AH at once
            under

            runes

            331

            rule
            they just yank the rug out from

            under the rug
            sweep something
            sweep something under the rug, you
            if vOU

            forget about it because you
            v to hide it and
            fid it embarrassing or shameful Other verbs
            and ‘push' are sometimes used
            s ich as brush'
            expression is used
            lead of 'sweep'. This
            mainly in American English; the usual Britexpression
            is sweep something under the

            ish
            carpet

            By sweeping the wrongdoing under the rug,

            accused of maexecutives
            seek to avoid being
            ma nagement by directors and shareholders.

            The problem with all these responses is that
            don't resolve the conflict. The issue is left
            up in the air, and your needs and feelings are
            pushed under the rug
            they

            rule
            a rule of thumb

            444

            A rule of thumb is a general rule about
            something which you can be confident will be
            right in most cases
            As a rule of thumb, drink a glass of water or
            pure fruit juice every hour you are travelling
            A good rule of thumb for any type of studio
            photography is to use no more light sources
            than are strictly necessary.

            rules
            bend the rules
            stretch the rules

            444

            If someone bends the rules, they do something
            which is not allowed, either to help
            someone else or for their own advantage. You
            can also say that they stretch the rules
            The river authorities said they were willing
            to bend the rules for us and allowed us to go
            through the first lock.
            He accused Benetton of stretching the sport's
            rules to the limit.
            The rules are often bent at the organiser's
            discretion to ensure a good show.

            run
            a dummy run

            4

            A dummy run is a trial or test procedure
            wnich you carry out in order to see if a plan
            or Process will work properly. This expres
            sion is used in British English.
            Before we started we did a dummy run.
            cbecking out all the streets and
            offices we
            U)ould use, and planning our escape route.
            V it is not possible to do a dummy run in the
            ure car. calculate how long the journey to the
            church will take on the day.

            give

            someone a run for their money

            If you give someone a run for their money.
            you put up a very strong challenge in a contest
            which they are expected to win fairly
            easily.
            The British team gave the host side a run for
            its money to finish a close second in the team

            competition.

            We think the Irish will give the Welsh a good
            run for their money.
            on the run
            4
            If someone has an opponent on the run.
            they are in a stronger position than their opponent,
            so that they can control their actions
            and defeat them.
            It is clear that the Opposition thinks it has
            him on the run.
            We've got the Government on the run and
            we'll keep them on the run.
            They sensed their opponents were on the run.

            run before you can walk
            If you say that someone is trying to run before
            they can walk, you mean that they are
            trying to do something which is very difficult
            or advanced before they have made sure that
            they can successfully achieve something simpler.
            This expression is used in British Eng

            lish.
            They tried to run before they could walk.
            They made it too complicated.
            I was running before l could walk. So I decided
            to go to Europe to do a second apprenticeship,
            almost to start again.

            runaround
            give someone the runaround
            get the runaround
            -4
            If someone gives you the runaround, they
            deliberately try to mislead or confuse you and
            they do not tell you the truth about something
            which you need or want to know. You
            can also say that you get the runaround
            from them.
            In early August, someone close could give you
            the runaround, especially where it concerns
            money or other joint matters
            In the early days of their questioning, they
            felt they were getting the runaround

            runes
            read the runes
            If someone reads the runes, they interpret

            a situation in a particular way and decide
            what is likely to happen. This is a literary ex
            pression, which is used in British English.
            Of course, reading the runes on US interest
            rates may all seem irrelevant next month if the
            President goes to war.
            The political assassin can be and often is an

                evince -p 351 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            running
            ticipated and intercepted by security teams who
            have read the runes correctly before the trigger
            is squeezed.
            Runes were an alphabet used in northern
            Europe until medieval times. The letters were
            often thought to have magical properties.

            running
            in the running
            out of the running

            sailing

            332

            The US needs a win tonight to still be in tfÿ
            running for the gold.
            The ex-Communists are really out of the run.
            rung for years to come.

            rush
            a rush of blood
            a rush of blood to the head
            If you say that you have a rush of blood or
            a rush of blood to the head, you mean that
            you suddenly do something foolish or daring
            which you would not normally do.
            Hughes' rush of blood may have cost United a

            444

            If someone is in the running for a job or
            prize, they have a good chance of getting it or
            winning it. If they are out of the running,
            they no longer have a chance of getting it or
            winning it.
            Rumours that he is in the running for the job
            of ITV's central scheduler are resurfacing.

            couple of million pounds.
            You cant have a sudden rush of blood to the
            head and speak about something which hasnt
            been brought up before.

            s
            sabre
            sabre-rattling

            rattle your sabre

            44

            If you describe someone's behaviour as
            sabre-rattling, you mean that they are behaving
            very aggressively and making threats,
            often of military action, although it is not certain
            how serious they are or whether they
            will actually carry out their threats.
            After more than a week of sabre-rattling, the
            two countries have agreed to talk about their

            differences.
            A commission vice-president today accused the
            Americans of sabre rattling and taking the first
            step in the trade war.
            You can also say that people are rattling
            their sabres.
            There is a sliver of territory called Nakhiche
            van that several countries are rattling their

            sabers over.
            ‘Sabre' is spelled 'saber' in American Eng
            lish

            safe
            play safe
            play it safe
            If you play safe or play it safe, you do not
            take any risks. The form 'play safe' is used
            only in British English.
            If you want to play safe, cut down on the
            amount of salt you eat.
            Big tourist hotels and many restaurants play
            safe with bland international menus, but traditional
            island cooking is also widely available
            at good prices.
            The pilot decided that Christchurch was too
            far away, and played it safe and landed ot
            Wellington.

            safe as houses

            If you say that something is as safe as

            saddle
            in the saddle

            -4

            You can say that someone is in the saddle
            when they are in charge of their country's affairs,
            or when they make the important decisions
            in an organization.
            It is his bad luck to be in the saddle when
            his country has to decide which road it is now
            going to follow.
            Their preliminary plan would sell 55 per cent
            of the new stock to the company's majority
            shareholders, putting them in the saddle.

            ride high in the saddle
            If you say that someone

            the saddle, you mean that they are currently
            very successful and are showing this in their
            behaviour and attitudes.
            Australia are riding a little higher in the
            saddle after their first Test victory.

            is riding high

            In

            houses, you mean that it is very safe and reliable
            This expression is used in British English.
            If you think building society cheques are os
            safe as houses, think again.
            Both managers can count on one thing ~
            their jobs are safe as houses.

            sailing
            plain sailing
            clear sailing

            smooth sailing

            44*

            In British English, if you say that an activity
            or task will not be plain sailing, y°°


                evince -p 352 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            sails
            be difficult to do or achieve.
            n that it will
            English, you say that it will not

            clear sailing, smooth sailing, or easy
            sailing
            AS phillippa found, even with the ideal tent n isn't all plain sailing. "If you are used to
            your home to yourself, it's difficult at
            ‘having
            sharing the kitchen and the
            first to get used toon, '
            she admits
            bathroom and so
            my life just fell into place.
            All of a sudden,
            Which is not to say that it was all smooth sailing
            from then on.
            It's not going to be easy sailing. He's bound
            to come up with some tough opposition.
            These expressions can also be used to say
            that an activity or task is easy to do or
            achieve. You can say. for example, that something
            is plain sailing
            Once I got used to the diet it was plain sailing.
            I lost 2 stones in weight over a four month
            period and the weight loss has been mainw.

            tained.

            The bill should have clear sailing because
            both the legislature and the governor, Democrat
            Bob Casey, are strongly anti-abortion.

            sails
            trim your sails
            If you trim your sails, you adapt your be
            haviour to deal with a difficult situation, for
            example by limiting your demands, needs, or
            expectations.

            Mr Lee, for his part, has already begun trimhis
            sails in preparation for dealing with
            the new government.
            Would he trim his conservative sails to suit a
            Democratic Senate?

            ming

            salad
            your salad days
            4
            If you talk about your salad days, you are
            talking about the time when you were young
            and inexperienced. This is a literary expres
            sion.
            I have now known you for over 30 years. 1 remember
            that in our salad days I shared many
            °f your views on the economy while we were at

            Cambridge.

            The Grand Hotel did not seem to have
            changed since her salad days.

            saloon
            *he last chance saloon
            linking in the last chance saloon

            If someone is doing something and you say
            nat it is the last chance saloon for them.
            mean that it is their final opportunity to
            ucceed in what they are doing. You can also
            say that they are drinking in the last
            you

            salt

            333

            chance saloon, with the same meaning
            These expressions are used in British English.
            Boxers Coetzer, 31, and Bruno, 30 and 11
            months, understand one thing clearly. As far
            as the world title goes. Saturday is the last
            chance saloon for both of them.
            David Mellor. who was the Cabinet minister
            in charge of media regulation, told the tabloid
            editors they were drinking in the lastchance
            saloon and to clean up their act or face government
            legislation.

            salt
            rub salt into the wound
            44
            If you are in an unpleasant situation and
            you accuse someone of rubbing salt into the
            wound, you are accusing them of making
            things even worse for you, for example by reminding
            you of your failures or faults or by
            increasing your difficulties. Other verbs can
            be used instead of ‘rub'.
            Labour lost

            half

            its 56 seats, and its former

            leader. Jim Anderton, who quit 18 months ago
            to form the New Labour Party, rubbed salt

            into the wound by holding his seat.
            I believe such allegations are only putting
            salt into the wound

            4
            the salt of the earth
            If you describe someone as the salt of the
            earth, you are showing admiration for their
            honesty and reliability This expression Is
            used mainly by upper class people when talk

            ing about working people.
            Excellent fellow, the Councillor. Salt of the
            earth. Few more like him on every council and
            our job would be a lot easier
            These are good people, rough hewn, but the
            salt of the earth.
            Salt-of-the earth can be used before a

            noun.

            Most of the people there are saltoftheearth,
            good, workingclass people striving to improve
            themselves and to keep up their standards.

            take something with a pinch of salt
            take something with a grain of salt -4-4
            If you say that a piece of information should
            be taken with a pinch of salt, you mean
            that it should not be relied on. because it may
            not be accurate or true. This form of the ex
            pression is used mainly in British English; in
            American English, the usual form is take
            something with a grain of salt.
            The reports of calm and normality from vari
            ous Russian cities should perhaps be taken
            with a pinch of salt.
            You have to take these findings with a pinch

            in attitude surveys
            tend to give the answers they feel they should
            The announcement that services to commuters
            would be improved dramatically by timetable

            of salt because respondents


                evince -p 353 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            sand
            alterations needs to be taken with a grain of
            salt if the experience of users of the Pinkenba
            line is anything to go by.

            worth their salt

            44

            If you say, for example, that no teacher
            worth their salt or no actor worth their salt
            would do a particular thing, you mean that
            no teacher or actor who was good at their job
            would consider doing that thing.
            No racing driver worth his salt gets too sentimental
            about his cars.
            No player worth his salt wants to play in the
            lower divisions.
            Instead of ‘no', you can use ‘any' or 'every'
            with this expression. For example, if you say
            that any teacher worth their salt would do a
            particular thing, you mean that any teacher
            who was good at their job would do that
            thing.
            Any policeman worth his salt would have
            made proper checks to find out exactly who this

            man was.

            Twentyfive years ago every undergraduate
            worth his salt knew intimately many of
            Kipling's books, especially his early poems and
            stories about India.

            sand
            build something on sand
            If you say that something is built on sand,
            you mean that it does not have a strong or
            proper basis, and so is likely to fail or come
            to an end.
            Preference was to be given to temporary
            workers who could be dispensed with if the
            need arose. The experience of France indicates
            that such policies are built on sand. A temporary
            labour system seems impossible to achieve,
            at least under contemporary economic conditions.
            He moved into the newspaper business in the
            Seventies. It was an empire built on sand. The
            newspapers folded, and in 1981 he was charged
            with fraudulent bankruptcy.

            sands
            shifting sands
            4
            You can talk about the shifting sands of a
            situation when it keeps changing, and this
            makes it difficult to deal with.
            Even his critics in the West have acknowledged
            his shrewd tactical skills in the shifting
            sands of Arab politics.
            Arrogant and authoritarian he might be, but
            he had been a rock in the shifting sands of her
            existence.

            sauce

            334

            -

            All close relationships
            with her mother,
            brother, son. old friends, and difficult new stepchildren
            - seem to be on shifting sands.

            sandwich
            the meat in the sandwich
            the filling in the sandwich
            If you say that you are the meat in the
            sandwich or the filling in the sandwich,
            you mean that you are in a very awkward position
            because you have been caught between
            two people or groups who are in conflict with
            each other. These expressions are used in
            British English.
            She defended the police, adding: 'They are
            normally the meat in the sandwich and in the
            past they have been given precious little guidance.'
            Previously, the idea of a closely united Europe
            was unpopular because Europeans feared being
            the filling in a superpower sandwich.

            sardines
            packed like sardines
            4
            If a group of people are together in an enclosed
            space and you say that they are
            packed like sardines, you mean that there
            are far more of them than the space was intended
            to hold, and so they are very close to
            each other and cannot move about easily.
            Other verbs can be used instead of ‘pack'. 1
            The people are in an appalling condition.
            They're packed like sardines on the ship. They
            can barely move so the sanitary condition is
            very, very bad.
            The male sauna was really packed. There
            were about five people squashed in there like
            sardines.

            sauce
            what's sauce for the goose is sauce for
            the gander
            People say ‘what's sauce for the goose is
            sauce for the gander* when they are arguing
            that what applies to one person should apply
            to others, because people should be treated
            fairly and equally. This is a fairly oldfashioned expression.
            There is no evidence that Newham is any
            more efficient than most other London Councils.
            Why should they be let off the hook so
            easily? Could it just be because they are Labour
            controlled? My view of this is simple and
            straightforward. What's sauce for the goose is
            sauce for the gander.
            Q This expression is often shortened or varled.

            If we're going to have equality, let's have real
            equality. There's been more male nudity in
            films lately and I think it's very refreshing
            sauce for the goose and all that.
            Obviously he didn't like the idea, any more
            than she'd liked the idea of their checking up
            on her social life. What's sauce for the goose is
            sauce for the gosling, she thought

            -


                evince -p 354 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            save
            save
            someone * ass
            save
            «
            butt
            someone's
            ®Tve you
            do something to save someone's ass
            If

            their butt, you do it in order to
            or to save from
            a dangerous or very unpleas
            aVe them
            You can also talk about saving
            S>it situation.
            ass. These are informal expres**our
            0wn
            used mainly in American
            sions. which are

            English

            scent

            335

            Many people consider them offensive.

            up to me and said,
            Howard rushed
            you, you saved my ass. '

            'Thank

            you. thank

            1 thought you'd want to know something,

            such as how / managed to save Grace's butt
            from Parish for this long.
            Ijgnny said she climbed out the back of the
            car to get away, to save her own ass.

            say
            before you could say Jack Robinson
            before you could say knife

            44

            If you say that something happened before
            you could say Jack Robinson or before you
            could say knife, you are emphasizing that it
            happened very suddenly and quickly.
            The pair of them were out of the door and
            down the steps before you could say Jack
            Robinson.
            The money they'd sent their son for gold teeth
            had gone on booze before you could say knife.
            People often change 'Jack Robinson' or
            ‘knife' to a name or a word or expression that
            is relevant to the context they are talking
            about.
            But before anyone can say 'soup kitchen', let
            alone open one, the mission gets bogged down
            in the harsh complexities of the Balkan con
            flict.

            She was on the phone to New York before you
            could say long-distance.

            scales
            the scales fall from your eyes
            When someone suddenly realizes the truth

            about something after a long period of not
            understanding it or of being deceived about it,
            you can say that the scales have fallen from
            their eyes. This is a literary expression.
            It was only at that point that the scales finally
            fell from his eyes and he realised he had
            mode a dreadful mistake.
            The scales have fallen completely from her
            Q'es, and like millions of others she's finally
            krasped the enormity of the lie.

            scene
            the scene: I
            444
            If you set the scene, you briefly tell people
            what they need to know about a subject or

            topic, so that they can understand what is going
            to happen or be said next.
            To set the scene for this latest example of the
            improvement in East-West relations, here's

            Kevin Connolly from Moscow.
            On Monday the G7 group of industrial nations
            will begin their annual summit, which
            this year is taking place in London. David
            Edmonds sets the scene by explaining what the
            G7 is and what it hopes to achieve.
            Introducing a subject like this can be described
            as scene-setting.
            The purpose of this chapter was scene-setting
            - to clarify our goals and the approach being
            taken.

            set the scene: 2
            444
            If something sets the scene for an event, it
            creates the conditions in which that event is
            likely to happen. This expression is used
            mainly in journalism.
            Some members feared that Germany might
            raise its interest rates. That could have set the
            scene for a confrontation with the US, which is
            concerned that increases could cut demand for
            its exports.
            Democrats left New York full of hope after an
            unusually harmonious convention sent Bill
            Clinton surging past President Bush in the
            polls and set the scene for a ferocious election
            campaign in the autumn.

            scenes
            behind the scenes

            444

            If something is done behind the scenes, it
            is done in private or in secret, rather than
            publicly.
            Government officials have reacted by saying
            that Britain has been working behind the
            scenes just as strenuously as the United States
            to try to free the hostages.
            The Prime Minister's remarks put in the public
            arena a debate which has been going on behind
            the scenes for months.
            You can also talk about behind-the-scenes
            activities, deals, or negotiations.
            The debate was postponed for a third time after
            another day of intensive behind-the-scenes
            negotiations.

            scent
            throw someone off the scent
            4
            put someone off the scent
            If you are looking for something or trying to
            find out the truth about something and someone
            throws you off the scent or puts you off
            the scent, they deliberately confuse or mislead
            you by making you believe something
            that is not true.
            We decided that if anyone was following us, it


                evince -p 355 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            school
            would be wiser if we split up to throw them
            off the scent.
            The essence of the story was that it was not
            the KGB but the CIA that had sought to de
            stroy me. Could anything be less likely, and
            better calculated to put me off the scent?
            temporarily

            444

            If you say that someone is of the old
            school, you mean that they have traditional
            ideas and values and are fairly old-fashioned.
            You can also say that they come from the
            old school or belong to the old school.

            As a builder of the old school, he did not always
            see eye to eye with designers of new
            houses
            The mother may lean toward permissiveness;
            the stepfather may come from the old school
            and believe that children should be respectful
            and obedient.
            Unlike the modern breed of film-makers, she
            belonged to the old school, observing the formality
            of surnames even with colleagues.
            You can say that someone is an old-school
            type of person, especially when talking about
            the job that they do.
            She is very much an old-school nurse and her
            outlook leads to clashes with other staff.

            the old school tie

            science
            blind someone with science
            If someone blinds you with science, they;
            tell you about something in a complex or
            technical way so that you have great difhcujbM
            in understanding it
            I must admit that as a young, teenage, amateur
            photographer I learned all the
            jargon so I could impress people by hlindipJ
            them with science.
            We want facts and figures but don't want to
            be blinded by science.

            technical

            school
            the old school

            scratch

            336

            -4

            When people talk about the old school tie,
            they are referring to the belief that men who
            have been to the most famous British private
            schools use their positions of influence to help

            other men who went to the same school as
            themselves. This expression is used in British
            English.

            As might be expected of such proud high
            achievers. more than half claim that school

            difference to the professional paths
            they followed and most try to talk down the notion
            of the all-pervasive old school tie
            You can use the old school tie before a
            noun.
            made little

            Kay Illingworth's appointment as chairman

            of selectors was a triumph of commonsense and
            a blow for sporting virtue ahead of the old
            school tie network.

            the school of hard knocks
            If you say that someone has graduated from
            the school of hard knocks, you mean that

            their life in the past has been very difficult or
            unpleasant.
            lie graduated from the school of hard knocks
            as well most of his family perished in the

            war.

            He certainly deserves a large measure of success,
            having reluctantly Qualified with honours
            from the School of Hard Knocks.

            score
            know the score
            If you know the score, you know what thd
            real facts of a situation are and how they affect
            you, even though you may not like them.
            Now I know the score and know everything
            that's going on around there.
            Taylor knows the score now. and what will
            happen if he fails.
            When Robin died, l felt that, if nothing else. I
            was worldly-wise, I knew the score. I knew who

            my friends were.

            settle a score
            •4 -4 -4
            settle an old score
            If someone settles a score or settles an old
            score, they take revenge for something that

            someone has done to them in the past.
            The two players have been drawn to clash in
            the first game of the day. ‘I've got a score
            settle with him,' said Parrella. Parrella and
            Corsie have met twice, with Parrella yet to win. I
            The ethnic groups turned on each other to settle
            old scores, leaving millions dead.
            D You can talk about people or groups being I
            Involved in score-settling or the settling of

            scores.
            What is happening now is score-settling and
            there is little hope of an end to it.
            Some of the changes that have taken place
            since the war may amount to little more than
            the settling of scores.

            scratch
            from scratch
            If you start from

            44-*

            scratch, you create something
            completely new, rather than adding to
            something that already exists.
            She moved to a strange place where she had

            to make new friends and start a new life from
            scratch.
            He would rather start again from scratch
            with new rules, new members, and a new electoral
            system.
            The Mlawa factory was one of the first in Poland
            to be built from scratch by a western investor.


                evince -p 356 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            screw
            Jo!v come SI
            n

            scratch

            444

            is not
            vou say that something or someone up
            to
            j0 scratch or does not come
            l)*ratch y<>u mean that they are not as good
            if

            thev‘ ought

            to be. These expressions are

            in British English.
            Ssed
            When services bought from the private sector

            up to scratch, the customer gets his
            money back.
            but themselves
            Athletes have no one to blame
            not up to scratch.
            are
            performances
            their
            if
            The Home Secretary wants better methods for
            dealing with police officers who do not come up
            to scratch.

            are not

            screw
            have a screw loose
            If you say that someone has a screw loose,
            you mean that their behaviour is very strange
            or that they are slightly mad. This is an infor
            mal expression.
            I'm sure some of my friends thought l had a

            screw loose

            seams

            337

            during this period. It seemed to

            them that my life was all work and no play.
            Do you honestly think if I had a screw loose,
            l would be allowed to work with the elderly?

            turn the screw on someone
            tighten the screw on someone

            444

            If someone turns the screw on you, they
            increase the pressure on you to make you do
            what they want. You can also say that they
            tighten the screw or tighten the screws on

            you.

            Parisian taxi drivers were threatening to
            mount a blockade of their own to turn the
            screw on the administration of President
            Francois Mitterrand.
            Perhaps it's a final attempt to turn the screw
            and squeeze a last concession out of us.
            The BBC West Africa Correspondent, who is
            in Monrovia, says the attacks are tightening
            the screws still further on the government.
            In a process like this, you can refer to each
            action that puts pressure on someone as a
            turn of the screw, a twist of the screw, or
            a tightening of the screw.
            Every rebel raid, however small, is another
            turn of the screw, increasing the pressure on
            the President.
            Opposition parties and immigrant organisations
            see the changes as a further tightening of
            the screw.

            screws
            Put the screws on someone
            If someone puts the screws on you, they
            use pressure or threats to make you do what
            they want.
            They had to put the screws on Harper. So

            far, he was the only person who might know
            something.
            I can't understand why he isn't down there in
            Canberra putting the screws on his counter
            parts.

            Scylla
            between Scylla and Charybdis
            If you are between Scylla and Charybdis.
            you have to choose between two possible
            courses of action, both of which seem equally
            bad. This is a literary expression
            We are between Scylla and Charybdis and we
            have little hope, but we cannot give up the
            struggle, even with little scope in which to find
            a solution.
            The middle course was felt to be between the
            Scylla of democratic tyranny and the Charybdis
            of arbitrary rule.

            sea
            all at sea
            at sea

            44

            If you say that someone is all at sea or is
            at sea, you mean that they are very confused
            by a situation and do not understand it. 'AH
            at sea' is used only in British English.
            While he may be all at sea on the economy.
            his changes have brought the West real and
            lasting political benefits
            Two recent items of research seem relevant
            One suggested that primary school teachers are
            all at sea about what's what in the universe.
            although they are expected to teach the subject.
            Most children aged between nine and ten
            were utterly at sea when faced with the proh
            lem as to how a shop functions.; they thought.
            for example, that die shopkeeper buys at the
            same price as he sells.
            444
        a sea change
            You can describe a complete change in
            someone's attitudes or behaviour as a sea
            change. This is a literary expression.
            There has also been a sea -change in attitudes
            to drinking a major cause of death on the
            thanks to greater public awareness
            roads
            and the use of breathalysers.
            Cook attributes the sea change that came over
            his writing to what had gone on before leaving
            London in the Seventies.

            -

            seams
        burst at the seams
            If you say that a place is bursting at the seams, you mean that it is very full of people or things.
            The tiny Abbey Stadium was bursting at the seams with a capacity crowd of just under 10,000.

            If your shed is

            bursting at the

            seams or you


                evince -p 357 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            season
            can't get your car into the garage because of
            the clutter, it's lime to get organised
            come apart at the seams: 1

            fall apart at the seams

            4

            If you say that a system or relationship is
            coming apart at the seams or is falling
            apart at the seams, you mean that it is in a
            very bad state, and is about to collapse and
            completely fail.
            University lecturers have given a warning
            that Britain's university system is in danger of
            falling apart at the seams because of cuts in
            government funding.
            Oliver and Jane began showing serious signs
            of stress; their relationship was coming apart
            at the seams. They seemed to be Quarrelling all
            the time.
        come apart at the seams: 2  @  #unglued
            If you say that someone is coming apart at the seams, you mean that they are behaving in a strange or illogical way. because they are under severe mental strain.
            He stood for a moment, breathing deeply; he
            was coming apart at the seams, something he
            had never thought would happen to him.

            tion Unlike the FBI and the Drug Enforcement
            Administration, ATF has traditionally operated
            without strict day-to-day supervision.
            I don't know much law, never did. A seat-of.
            thepants barrister, that's me

            in the driving seat
            in the driver's seat
            If you say that someone is in the driving
            seat, you mean that they have control of a

            situation. This form of the expression is used
            in British English; in American English, the
            form is in the driver's seat.
            The radicals were in the driving seat, much
            to the anxiety of the moderates.
            The former Foreign Secretary. Sir Geoffrey
            Howe, has warned against Britain not being in
            the driving seat as Europe integrates further.
            Those who had access to money were in the

            driver's seat.

            in the hot seat
            If someone is in the hot seat, they are in a
            position where they have to make important
            decisions, or where they have to
            answer difficult questions In American English.
            you can also say that they are on the

            or difficult
            hot seat.

            season
            open season

            seat

            338

            44

            If you say that it is open season on someone
            or something, you mean that a lot of people
            are currently criticizing or attacking

            them.
            This case invites an open season on women
            employees.
            Open season has been declared on the royal
            family.
            It is always open season to attack a television
            documentary or a newspaper report.

            seat
            fly by the seat of your pants
            4
            If you say that someone Is flying by the
            seat of their pants, you mean that they are
            doing something difficult or dangerous using
            only their instincts, because they do not have
            the right kind of experience or information.
            You often use this expression to show disapproval
            of this situation.
            The idea was that by opening up policymaking
            to outsiders the Treasury was taking
            on board the advice of its fiercest critics and
            not merely flying by the seat of its pants.
            The truth is that neither experts nor mothers
            know as much as each might wish; to a great
            extent, all of us fly by the seat of our pants
            and try to learn quickly from experience.
            A seat-of-the-pants method of doing something
            depends on Instinct rather than on careful
            planning or knowledge.
            They're much more a seat-cf-the-pants opera

            'Em always expecting trouble,' he explained.
            'Anything fl-om complaints about the food to
            breakage on the drill they're using to sink the
            shaft. Whatever happens. I'm in the hot seat.'
            The club was formed in 1900 and since 1902
            they have had only seven managers. Syd King
            was the longest-serving with 30 years in the hot
            seat from 1902.
            She decided to end the interview by putting
            me in the hot seat. 'And you? What about your
            background?' I was stuck for words.
            444
            take a back seat: 1
            If you take a back seat, you allow other

            people to have all the power. Importance, or
            responsibility.
            You will be aware that there are some situations
            when it is wise to lake a back seal and
            some where it is appropriate to fight for your,
            and others', rights.
            Jennifer felt trapped, not allowed to compete
            with her two older brothers and forced to take
            a back seat to a younger sister with greater social
            and physical graces

            take a back seat: 2

            4

            If one thing takes a back seat to another.
            people give the first thing less attention because
            they think that it is less important or
            less interesting than the other thing.
            It is also true that in the Apollo programme
            science took a back seat to technology and engi
            neering.

            His own private life lakes a back seat to the
            problems and difficulties of his patients
            Though Haig returned dutifully to India, his

            I


                evince -p 358 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            security
            h

            no longer in his work.

            Goings

            on at

            an obsession, while In
            earLarivasOfficelookbecame
            a back seat.

            %n affairs
            security

            security blanket

            4

            something as a security
            rf you refer to
            hlanket, you mean that it provides someone
            a feeling of safety and comfort when
            are in a situation which worries them or

            Djth
            jhey

            makes them nervous. thought leaving
            to
            beHe
            never gave a second
            family
            security
            blanket
            his
            and
            of
            the
            hind

            to head north.
            friendsmost
            us. the lists we make act as secuFor

            of

            rity blankets, telling us
            long to spend doing it.

            suauc

            339

            what to do and how

            A young child's security blanket is a piece
            of cloth or clothing which the child holds and
            chews in order to feel comforted.

            seed
            go to seed: 1
            run to seed

            If you say that someone has gone to seed,
            you mean that they have allowed themselves
            to become unfit, untidy, or lazy as they have
            grown older. You can also say that they have
            run to seed
            He was big and fleshy, like an athlete gone to
            seed, with a pot belly that not even his
            expensively tailored clothes could conceal.
            Once he had carried a lot of muscle but now
            he was running to seed.
            go to seed: 2

            run to seed

            If a place has gone to seed or has run to
            seed, it has become dirty and neglected because
            people have not bothered to care for it.
            The report painted a grim picture of an
            America going to seed, its bridges and roads
            falling apart, its land scarred by dumps of untreated
            hazardous wastes, its national parks
            neglected.

            When she died, the place lost its focus and
            went to seed.
            seed corn
            eat your seed corn
            If you refer to resources or people as seed
            corn, you mean that they will produce benefits
            in the future rather than immediately.
            I regard the teachers as the people who are
            Planting the seed corn for the future and therefore
            l regard their work as crucially important.
            0 If you say that people are eating their
            seed corn, you mean that they are using up
            their resources, and they will suffer for this
            *n the future.
            A society that's unwilling to invest in its future
            is a society that's living off capital It's

            eating its seed corn and I'm afraid that's what
            we're doing too much in the United States today.
            D A farmer's seed com is the grain that is

            used for planting rather than being sold or
            eaten.

            seeds
            sow the seeds of something
            plant the seeds of something

            44

            If something sows the seeds of a future
            problem, it starts the process which causes
            that problem to develop. You can also say
            that something plants the seeds of a future
            problem.
            The birth of a second child may upset a previously
            satisfactory relationship between the
            mother and the first child and sow the seeds of
            a long-standing behaviour problem.
            Shortly after that came foreign armies, foreign
            settlers and foreign apartheid, which
            planted the seeds of today's crises in Africa.
            You can also sow or plant the seeds of
            something good.
            The final communique adopted the main elements
            of Jacques Delors's proposals to sow the

            seeds of economic recovery.
            Ministers had spent five years planting the
            seeds of reform

            send
            444
            send someone packing
            If someone is sent packing, they are told
            very forcefully or in an unsympathetic way to
            leave a place, or to leave their job or position.
            Mr Cawley was sent packing from his home
            on the estate after 26 years as park manager.
            We had an idyllic life in the country until l
            decided I wanted to live alone for the first time
            in my life and 1 sent him packing.
            Jason Livingstone's attempt to make a comeback
            as a professional footballer ended yesterday
            when

            Cardiff City sent him packing.

            shade
            4
            put someone in the shade
            If one person or thing puts another in the
            shade, they are so impressive that they make
            the other person or thing seem unimportant

            by comparison.
            Joan Collins always stuns the crowds with
            her chic outfits and still manages to put younger
            women in the shade.
            Amy Spielberg puts other Hollywood wives in
            the shade when it comes to taking a fortune

            from their famous husbands.

            The celebrations put Mardi Gras in the
            shade.


                evince -p 359 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            shades
            shades
            shades of

            shave

            340

            4

            If you have just mentioned a person or thing
            and you say shades of another person or
            thing, you mean that the first person or thing
            reminds you of the second one.
            Andie MacDowell crops up again in the bizarre
            mystery thriller Ruby Cairo, as the wife
            of a crook who has faked his death (shades of
            The Third Man, perhaps?) and who tracks him
            down via his bank accounts around the world.
            The debate had been brought forward by a
            week, in an effort to avert the protest planned
            for it by the school students' leaders. Shades of
            1968, perhaps?

            I'll be back in two shakes of a leg.
            I'll just dash up to the phone and be back in
            two shakes.

            no great shakes
            If you say that someone or

            shakes.
            This restaurant is no great shakes gastronomically, but the portions are huge.

            shadow

            shape

            afraid of your own shadow
            If you say that someone Is afraid of their
            own shadow, you mean that are very timid
            or nervous. Words such as ‘scared' or 'frightened'
            can be used instead of 'afraid'.
            They're all afraid of their own shadows.

            knock something into shape
            whip something into shape
            lick something into shape

            Can i say I blame them. After all, this is a police
            state.
            Used to be scared cf his own shadow, you
            know. But they helped him greatly at the clinic.

            a shadow of your former self
            44
            If you say that someone or something is a
            shadow of their former self, you mean that

            they are much less powerful or capable than
            they used to be. This expression is used mainly
            in written English.
            Our ninety-year-old dad was but a shadow cf

            his former self
            The trouble with Kevin is that he dreaded going
            downhill as a player. He hated the thought
            of ending up a shadow of his former self.
            The federal Communist party that resumed
            its Congress on Saturday after a break of four
            months was a pale shadow of its former self.
            You sometimes use this expression simply
            to say that someone has lost a lot of weight.
            She gradually turned into a strikingly slim
            shadow cf her former self.

            •4

            something is no
            great shakes, you mean that they are ineffective,
            useless, or of poor quality.
            The protests have failed partly because the
            opposition politicians are no great shakes.
            As a thriller, 'A Death in Paris' is no great

            44

            If you knock something into shape or whip
            it into shape, you use whatever methods are
            necessary to change or improve it, so that it
            is in the condition that you want it to be in.
            In British English. Tick' can be used instead
            of 'knock' or ‘whip'.
            Most experts agree that the country's agricul
            ture can quickly be knocked into shape and be

            successful.
            After a successful career at the Italian central
            bank, few people doubt his ability to whip the

            economy into shape.
            We were licked into shape by the long serving
            departmental managers to whom we reported.

            shape up or ship out
            If you tell someone to shape up or ship
            out, you are telling them that they should
            start behaving in a more reasonable or responsible
            way, or else leave the place where
            they are or give up what they are doing.
            Out there, there are people who want to humiliate
            you. Grind you down, destroy you.
            You've either got to take all this, you've got to
            stomach it, join in, or you'll go under Shape
            up or ship out.

            shakes
            in two shakes of a lamb's tail
            in two shakes
            If you say that you will do something in

            two shakes of a lamb's tail, you mean that
            you will do it very soon or very quickly. Other
            words and phrases are sometimes used instead
            of ‘lamb's tail' You can also just say in
            two shakes These are fairly old-fashioned expressions,
            which are used mainly in spoken
            English.
            If you were an incompetent buffoon, I would
            have you out of office in two shakes of a lamb's
            tail

            shave
            a close shave

            4

            If you say that someone had a close shave,
            you mean that they very nearly had an accident
            or disaster, or very nearly suffered a defeat.
            Admittedly you had a close shave, but you
            knew when you accepted this job that there
            would be risks involved.
            You mentioned the close shave that Gingrich
            had in Die 1990 general election. What are his
            chances in this general election?


                evince -p 360 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            sheep
            of the
            He black
            as
            someone
            describe
            ou
            shwp

            *

            sneii

            341

            sheep
            family

            44

            the black sheep
            if
            sheep of the family, you mean
            the black
            they are very different from the other
            in their family or group and are con
            bad or worthless by them.
            seem the rebelWhile
            to her family she mightcompared
            sheep, when Janet
            herself
            lious black
            Nancy or Margaret, she saw herto
            friends like
            as bourgeois, neat, and timid.
            My aunt was very famous in those days, but
            family /
            because she was the black sheep of the
            was never encouraged to talk about her.

            °hat

            jeered

            self

            make sheep's eyes

            If you make sheep's eyes at someone, you
            look at them in an adoring and admiring way.
            This is an old-fashioned expression.
            / kissed her hand, made sheep's eyes and followed
            her, humming, up the winding stairs.
            might as well be hanged for a sheep as

            a lamb
            If someone says *1

            might as well be
            hanged for a sheep as a lamb', they mean
            that they will suffer or be punished whatever
            they do, so they might as well do something
            really bad if they can get some enjoyment or
            profit from it. 'Hung' is sometimes used instead
            of 'hanged'.
            If they are going to hang me for what has already
            been done why should I sue for peace? /
            might as well be hanged for a sheep as well as

            a lamb.

            separate the sheep from the goats
            sort out the sheep from the goats
            4
            If you separate the sheep from the goats
            or sort out the sheep from the goats, you
            examine a group of things or people and decide
            which ones are good and which are bad.
            It is getting harder and harder to sort out the
            sheep from the goats among the 4,000 or so titles
            for children that pour off the publishers'
            presses every year.
            For the government, the

            first Chartermarks
            will be a chance to sort out the sheep from the
            Boats, marking out the organisations able to
            embrace quality, choice, standards and value.

            sheet
            clean sheet:1
            a clean sheet of paper

            0

            If you are allowed to start with a clean
            sheet or with a clean sheet of paper, you
            are
            allowed to forget previous debts or mistakes,
            and so are given a new chance to succeed
            at something.
            The Christmas break has erased unhappy

            memories and allowed the Government to start
            the new year with a clean sheet
            Michael Lock, Triumph's marketing manager,
            said yesterday, 'We started with a clean
            sheet of paper. We put the past behind us. and
            looked at what the Japanese had done. '

            a clean sheet: 2
            In a football match, if a team keeps a clean
            sheet, no goals are scored against them. This
            expression is used in British journalism.
            Tottenham's most successful campaign was
            1944-45, when they lost only one League game
            and failed to score only three times On twelve
            occasions they kept a clean sheet.

            sheets
            three sheets to the wind
            If you say that someone is three sheets to
            the wind or three sheets in the wind, you
            mean that they are drunk. This is an old
            fashioned expression.
            He's probably three sheets to the wind down
            at Toby's, wondering where the hell he left his
            truck.

            shelf
            on the shelf
            In British English, when a woman is no

            longer young and has not married, people

            sometimes say that she is on the shelf, meaning
            that she will not get married because she
            is too old for men to find her attractive. Many
            people dislike this expression because of the
            attitude which it represents.
            She had balanced the humiliation of being a
            spinster, left on the shelf, against the freedom
            to live a life of independence.
            I certainly don't equate being single with being
            on the shelf!

            shelf life

            4

            If you say that something has a particular
            shelf life, you mean that it will only last for
            that length of time, rather than continuing indefinitely.
            / was dismayed to read the comment ‘all marriages
            have a shelf life' in the article 'When he
            walks out after 25 years'.
            A large proportion of small businesses have a

            short shelf life.
            Who knows, we could begin to build a policy
            that would have a shelf life of more than 30
            months.
            This expression is more commonly used in
            talking about food, drink, or medicine. The
            shelf life of a food, drink, or medicine is the
            length of time it can be kept before it is too
            old to sell or use.


                evince -p 361 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            shell
            shell
            come out of your shell
            go into your shell

            describe as their best local election performance
            ever.
            44-4

            If you come out of your shell, you become
            less shy and more talkative and friendly. Other
            verbs can be used instead of 'come'.
            She used to be very timid and shy but I think
            she's come out of her shell.
            I'm a fairly shy person but she has brought
            me out of my shell.
            If you go into your shell, you become
            more timid and less friendly. Verbs such as
            ‘withdraw' and ‘retreat' can be used instead of
            ‘go'.

            'After losing to Dennis I felt moments of disbelief
            for months but I never hid away,' he

            said. 7 never went into my shell to brood about
            it and that's the best therapy. '
            Brian withdrew increasingly into his shell.
            inhibited by a growing but unrecognized sense

            of inferiority.
            a shell game

            ship

            342

            4

            If you say that someone is playing a shell
            game, you mean that they are deliberately deceiving
            people, for example by changing
            things or pretending to change things, in order
            to gain an advantage. This expression is
            used mainly in American English.
            The union had accused the mine owners of
            playing a kind of corporate shell game, in
            which mines could be opened in the future un
            der a variety of names with the intent of hiring
            non-union miners.
            The Americans, who have still made no commitment
            to cut carbon-dioxide emissions, are
            scathing about pledges from other countries.
            Confidential instructions to the US delegation
            in Geneva say the pledges amount to a shell
            game without legal significance.

            shine
            take a shine to someone
            If you take a shine to someone or something,
            you like them a lot from the very first
            time that you come into contact with them.
            This expression is used in British English.
            Laura took a shine to her and offered her the
            job without any prompting from me.
            James is not renowned for taking a shine to
            strangers.

            take the shine ofT something
            If something takes the shine off a pleasant
            event or achievement, it makes it less enjoyable
            than it should be. This expression is
            used mainly in British English.
            There are two factors which may take the
            shine off the immediate euphoria following the
            end of the coup.
            For Labour, their reverses in parts of London
            have taken the shine off what they otherwise

            1

            ship
            don't spoil the ship for a ha'porth of
            tar
            People say ‘don't spoil the ship for a
            ha'porth of tar' when someone risks ruining

            something because they do not want to spend
            a relatively small amount of money on a necessity.
            This is an oldfashioned expression,
            which is used mainly in British English.
            Don't spoil the ship for a ha'porth of tar. if
            you give away a miniature replica of a bottle
            that won a prize for design, you will attract
            more new customers than the same perfume In
            a plain bottle.
            A ha'porth is a ‘halfpenny's worth'. A halfpenny
            was a British coin of very low value.
            jump ship
            abandon ship
            44
            If you accuse someone of jumping ship or
            of abandoning ship, you are accusing them
            of leaving an organization or cause, either because
            they think it is about to fail or because
            they want to join a rival organization.
            Cheers rang out a week ago when the Liberal
            Democrat government lost a vote of confidence.
            Some ruling party members immediately
            jumped ship and created new parties.
            I had a good contract with a rider which was
            legally binding and enforceable However, the
            rider jumped ship and now rides for another
            team. I have taken legal advice, and am assured
            I will win the case against the rider.
            For weeks he worked eighteen hour days,
            pleading with his staff not to abandon ship.

            run a tight ship

            :

            If you say that someone runs a tight ship,
            you mean that they keep firm control of the
            way their business or organization is run, so
            that it is well organized and efficient.
            Shaona was running a tight ship and didn't
            waste time on pleasantries.
            Harvard runs a tight ship: it spends less than
            a quarter of a percent of its portfolio on management.
            comfortably below many other universities.

            a sinking ship
            abandon a sinking ship
            like a rat leaving a sinking ship
            *
            If you say that an organization or cause is a
            sinking ship, you mean that it is failing and
            unlikely to recover.
            The television company is not a sinking ship.
            There is ample finance in the system to produce
            an original schedule which can be
            and renewed year-on-year with innovative new
            programmes.
            If you say that someone is abandoning *

            refreshed


                evince -p 362 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            they are leaving
            king ship, you mean that
            sin*
            rjnization or cause which is about to
            8n. completely- You can use verbs such as
            instead of ‘abandon'. If you
            ve' or ‘desert'
            strongly
            of their behaviour, you
            improve
            a.
            say that they are like a rat leaving a

            •f*

            can

            sinking ship

            and more as though ComIt's
            looking morecountry
            have realised this is
            the
            across
            munists
            ship
            the time to abandon their sinking

            He seems to be suggesting that we're deserting
            a sinking ship, but that's not the case.
            I know people are saying things about rats
            deserting the sinking ship, but Tinsley was
            very junior. She hadn't the least idea of what

            was going on.
            when your ship comes in

            4

            When people talk about what they will do
            when their ship comes in, they are talking
            about what they will do if they become rich
            and successful.
            Sims is convinced that one day his ship will
            come in. if only he waits long enough.
            If someone suddenly becomes wealthy or
            successful, you can say that their ship has
            come in.
            The ship has come in for Associated British
            Ports where profits have soared to £62.1 million
            after last year's loss of £36.6 million.

            shirt
            keep your shirt on
            keep your pants on
            If someone tells you to keep your shirt on.
            they are telling you to calm down and not be
            angry or impatient. ‘Shirt' is sometimes replaced
            with 'pants'. This expression is used
            mainly in American English: the usual British
            expression is keep your hair on.
            The doorbell rang. Helen told the caller to
            keep his shirt on snappish because she felt
            the ringing had been excessive.
            put your shirt on something

            -

            lose your shirt

            shit

            343

            shir*

            4

            If you put your shirt on something, you bet
            or risk a large amount of money on it, because
            you are convinced that it will win or
            succeed. This expression is used mainly in

            British English.
            I was just thinking you might put your shirt
            on Golden Boy. It's bound to be a winner, isn't
            it?

            If you lose your shirt, you lose all your

            money on a bad investment or bet.
            His father warned him that he knew nothing
            about shipping and could easily lose his shirL
            V you play cards with the big boys, you can
            lose your shirt.
            8 stuffed shirt
            If you refer to a man who has an important

            position as a stuffed shirt, you mean that he
            behaves in a very formal or pompous way.
            His seminars work because he keeps things
            simple. He strides around talking like an ordinary
            person rather than a stuffed shirt.
            He takes well-deserved credit for his pioneer
            ing stand against the stuffed-shirts of the or
            ganization.

            You can use stuffed-shirt before a noun.
            / have little patience with the dress rules

            stuffed-shirt establishments.

            of

            shit
            in the shit
            in deep shit
            If you say that someone is in the shit or in
            deep shit, you are emphasizing that they are
            in a very difficult situation. These are very
            informal expressions, which many people find

            offensive.
            He came and stood in front of her. 'They're
            serious. This is serious business. I am in deep
            shit.' He pulled her to her feet. 7 need your
            help. I've gotta have your help. '
            No questions, and you get the cash, you cause
            me any trouble, and you'll be in the shit. You'll
            wish you'd never been bom
            You can also say that someone lands you
            in the shit or drops you in the shit when
            they get you into trouble or into a very difficult
            situation. These are very informal expres
            sions, which are used in British English.
            Many people find them offensive.
            The treaty was supposed to protect us. not
            land us in the shit.
            You're useful to us so we let you stay. But
            that doesn't mean I'll stand by and watch you
            drop other people in the shit to cover your own
            shabby name.

            the shit hits the fan
            4
            If someone talks about what will happen
            when the shit hits the fan, they are talking
            about what will happen when a situation be
            comes very bad or when some serious trouble

            begins. This is a very informal expression,
            which many people find offensive.
            In addition to the jewelry fraud. Granger had
            been smuggling gold bars into India and find
            ing devious ways to avoid paying tax. When
            customs officers called to examine his books,
            Granger panicked ‘The shit has hit the fan, '
            he told Davis.
            There's so much shit going to hit the fan in
            the next few days, my getting fired won't matter
            a bit
            People sometimes use less offensive words
            instead of ‘shit'.

            The governor and his staff thought they'd be
            safely away when it hit the fan around here
            They had two boys and settled into domesti

                evince -p 363 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            shoe
            stuff hit the fan. She
            life and pronounced it 'Boring!'

            city. Then the brown

            looked at her

            shoo-in

            344

            shoe
            drop the other shoe
            If someone drops the other shoe, they complete
            a task by doing the second and final
            part of it. This expression is used in American
            English.
            Time Warner Inc. dropped the other shoe in
            its two-step $13.86 billion acquisition of Warner
            Communications Inc.
            In 1972 the State Department was compelled
            to drop the other shoe.
            People who have been successfully treated for
            cancer and return to work often find difficulties
            in being accepted as before; it is as though oth
            ers were waiting for the other shoe to drop.

            if the shoe fits
            You can say 'if the shoe fits' when you are
            telling someone that unpleasant or critical remarks
            which have been made about them are
            probably true or fair. This expression is used
            in American English; the British expression
            is if the cap fits.
            ‘You said something about me being in a bad
            mood, ' Jack said. ‘What made you say that? If
            I wasn't in a bad mood before you said it, it's
            enough when you say it to put me in one. ' 'If
            the shoe fits,' Mary said.

            shoes
            dead men's shoes
            If you talk about dead men's shoes, you are
            talking about a situation in which people can
            not make progress in their careers until
            someone senior to them retires or dies. This
            expression is used in British English.
            We are sick of waiting to step into dead men's

            shoes.
            At that particular time, jobs were rather dtffi
            cult to obtain. It was more or less dead men's
            shoes.

            in someone's shoes
            44
            in someone's boots
            If you talk about being in someone's shoes,
            you are describing how you would feel or act
            if you were in the same situation as them.
            I hope you'll stop and consider how you
            would feel if you were in my shoes.
            You should be kinder when considering others,
            and put yourself in their shoes once in a
            while.
            If you say that you wouldn't like to be in
            someone's shoes, you mean that you would
            not like to be in the same situation as them.
            He hasn't made any friends and has upset a
            lot of powerful people. I wouldn't like to be in
            his shoes if he comes back to work.

            You can also talk about being In someone's
            boots.
            7 suppose Monsieur will start early. ' Sharpe
            nodded. 7 would if / was in his boots. '
            quake in your shoes
            If you say that someone is quaking in their
            shoes, you mean that they are very frightened
            or anxious about something that is
            about to happen Verbs such as 'shake' and
            'tremble' are sometimes used instead of
            ‘quake'. Quake in your boots means the

            same.

            I chose to spend an evening at an Inner City
            Youth Club and was quaking in my shoes
            throughout the journey there
            I think 1 would be shaking in my shoes if /
            were cheating now because athletes who take
            drugs are being picked up in large numbers.
            smudge your own shoes
            If you smudge your own shoes, you damage
            your own reputation while trying to harm
            someone else's. This expression is used in
            British English.
            He dishes the dirt on his buddies and
            smudges his own shoes with admissions of
            womanising, gambling and drugs.

            step into someone's shoes
            444
            fill someone's shoes
            If you step into someone's shoes, you take
            over their job or position. If you fill
            someone's shoes, you do their job or hold
            their position as well as they did. Compare
            step into someone's boots; see boots.
            In America, if a president resigns or dies in
            office, the vice-president steps into his shoes
            Now that Chris is gone she wants me to step
            into his shoes.
            It 'll take a good man to fill her shoes.

            shoestring
            on a shoestring

            •444

            If you do something on a shoestring, you
            do it using very little money.
            The theatre will be run on a shoestring.
            In contrast with the free-spending big parties,
            Mr Fujimori's political campaign has been run
            on a shoestring.
            Newly divorced with two children to raise,
            she was living on a shoestring.
            You can use shoestring before a noun.
            A British science fiction film made on a shoestring
            budget is taking America by storm.
            Chris McNair says he will continue his shoestring
            campaign in every part of Alabama.

            shoo-in
            be a shoo-in

            4

            If you say that someone is a shoo-in for
            something such as an election or contest, you


                evince -p 364 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            they are certain to win. This exm€ai that
            mainly in American English.
            ion is used
            seemed a shoo-in for a second
            president
            7n
            though the election was some 20
            term. away.
            months
            seemed like a shoo in. But in the past
            20-point lead whittled
            j she has seen her
            to a mere five percentage points.
            as though he's a shoe-in
            The president looks
            years
            four
            another
            for
            spelled 'shoe in'.
            C 'Shoo-in' is sometimes

            \he

            'down

            shop

            all over the shop

            short

            345

            shop

            4

            If you say that something is all over the
            shop, you mean that it is spread across a
            large area or over a wide range of things.
            This expression is used in British English;
            the American expression is all over the lot.
            Big government majorities gave backbenchers
            the freedom to make trouble all over the shop

            without fear of retribution.
            The problem is that this ambitious project
            roams around all over the shop and never
            quite settles into a coherent structure.
            shut up shop
            4
            close up shop
            If a person or organization has to shut up
            shop or close up shop, they are forced to
            close their business, for example because of
            difficult economic conditions. 'Shut up shop'
            is used only in British English and ‘close up
            shop' is used mainly in American English.
            Unless business picks up soon, some of the 245
            foreign-owned banks in Switzerland may have
            to shut up shop.
            This year the opera house was forced to
            budget for a deficit and the deficit is now growing
            If there is industrial action, the situation
            could become very serious indeed. It could

            mean shutting up shop.

            Mr. Lemoyne had reluctantly closed up shop
            when the library had reached a rock-bottom
            membership of eleven.
            a talking shop
            talk shop
            44
            If you describe something such as a conference
            or an organization as a talking shop or
            a talk shop, you are being critical rf it because
            you think that its discussions have no
            Practical results. These expressions are used
            taainly in British English.
            Governments which used to dismiss the UN
            as a mere ‘talking shop' now see possibilities
            for the international body to act more as a
            world policeman.
            They claim the Scottish Food Group, which
            has no government funding, will achieve little
            as H is nothing more than a talking shop.
            let's accept the fact that the committee is a

            talk shop. Let's try and get some form of executive
            group going which can actually make
            things happen.

            talk shop
            shop talk
            4
            If people who do the same kind of work are
            talking shop, they are talking to each other
            about their work. This expression is often
            used to suggest that this is boring for other
            people who are present and who do not do the
            same work.
            Although / get on well with my colleagues, if
            you hang around together all the time you just
            end up talking shop. I think it's good to have a
            broader outlook and rve a lot of friends outside
            the Service.
            With the pressures of the day behind them.
            they would gather in small, informal groups
            and talk shop.
            Talking about your work like this can be
            referred to as shop talk.
            Conversation over dinner began with catching
            up on family matters, then turned to shop talk

            shopping
            a shopping list

            4

            Someone's shopping list is a list of demands
            or requirements that they want to get
            from a particular person or organization.
            Mr Baker presented a shopping list cf addi
            tional help the United States was requiring
            from its allies.
            The opposition Social Democratic Party has
            just held its annual conference and laid out a
            shopping list of changes that might make the
            treaty acceptable.
            Mr Major has offered no shopping list of the
            old directives he wants scrapped.

            short
            by the short and curlies
            If someone has you by the short and
            curlies, they have you completely in their
            power. This expression is used in British English.
            By the short hairs means the same.
            The unions' chief negotiator last night said:
            'We had the company by the short and curlies. '
            From the poignant opening scene of a nostal
            gic middle-aged couple dancing cheek to cheek,
            the film has you by the emotional short and
            curlies.
            one sandwich short of a picnic
            4
            several cards short of a full deck
            Short of is used in expressions such as ‘one
            sandwich short rf a picnic' or ‘several cards
            short rf a full deck' to indicate in a humorous
            way that you think someone is very stupid or
            is behaving very strangely. 'Short' is sometimes
            replaced with 'shy' in American English


                evince -p 365 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            shot
            His daughter confirmed that her father was
            definitely one sandwich short of a picnic.
            The guy was obviously several cards short of

            a fill deck.

            This expression is used very creatively, and
            people often use It simply for the humorous
            effect of a new and amusing variation.
            Miss Martin, who is clearly one tent peg
            short of a full set. felt they were communicating
            ‘through some sort qf telepathic link'.
            He's also a few gallons shy of a full tank, if
            you catch my drift.
            4
            sell someone short
            If you accuse someone of selling you short,
            you are accusing them of failing to provide
            you with all the things which you think they
            ought to provide.
            Students don't necessarily want to cope with
            too much complexity. But, on the other hand, if
            the tutor makes things too simple, that's selling
            them short too.
            If a film is worth showing, it is worth showing
            as the full work it was intended to be. Anything
            less is selling us short
            sell yourself short
            If you sell yourself short, you are modest
            about your achievements and good qualities,
            so that other people do not realize just how

            good you

            shot

            346

            are.

            Deep down you know that you are someone of
            substance, and that many other people aren't.
            For many years you have been selling yourself

            short.
            He had not risen to his lofty position by sell
            ing himself short or underestimating his own

            potential.
            O You can also say that someone sells themselves
            short when they do something which
            is well below their capabilities.
            Almond is an artist more than capable of
            scaling dizzying heights
            here he is simply,
            woefully, selling himself short.

            -

            shot
            by a long shot
            You can use by a long shot to add empha
            sis to a statement, especially a negative state
            ment or one that contains a superlative. Compare
            a long shot.
            We have to know what is going on, and we
            don't, not yet, not by a long shot.
            The arms race isn't over by a long shot and
            there are no signs that the US and Russia plan
            to initiate another round of deep cuts anytime

            soon.

            No city has escaped the ravages of recession,
            but Seattle has fared best by a long shot.
            get shot of something
            be shot of something
            4
            If you want to get shot of someone or some
            thing or to be shot of them, you want to
            rid of them quickly. These expressions are
            used in British English.
            He didn't want to be seen near me and
            couldn't wait to get shot of me.
            City experts still reckon the company wants to
            get shot of its brewing division.
            Financial institutions are now America's big.
            gest hotel-owners and most want to be shot of
            their investment

            give something your best shot

            t

            If you give something your best shot, you
            try as hard as you can to achieve it, even
            though you know how difficult it is.
            I don't think the Republic have enough quality players to become World Champions, but |
            they'll give it their best shot.
            As long as I play tennis. I'll keep coming
            back and giving Wimbledon my best shot.
            I gave it my best shot, but l wasn't quite good
            enough. I may have lost, but I've learnt a lot
            from the whole thing.
            You can describe a course of action as
            someone's best shot when it is the best
            chance they have of achieving something.
            Keep going in the direction I'm pointing. I
            think there's a highway over there. Five miles,
            something like that. I'm not sure. But it's your

            l

            I

            I

            "

            best shot.
            Mazankowski and other analysts say
            Canada's best shot at economic recovery is continued
            growth in the United States.

            like a shot

            <
            If you do something like a shot, you do it
            immediately, because you are very eager to
            do it or because something forces you to do itIf you heard noises downstairs and you ‘d put
            on the landing light and you shouted 'Who's
            there?', most burglars would be off like a shot.
            They keep getting all sorts of opportunities to
            go to companies and exploit technology but
            they are back here like a shot because they can
            express their ideas.
            a long shot
            If you describe a way of solving a difficulty
            or problem as a long shot, you mean that
            there is little chance that it will succeed, but
            you think it is worth trying. Compare by a
            long shot.
            I'm betting Rafael knows where to find him
            You might call it a long shot, but it's better
            than nothing.
            Could he forestall a deal with Johnson? It
            was a long shot, but Bagley had little to lose.
            You can also say that something is a long
            shot when it is very unlikely to happen.
            Observers say a deal between the White House
            and Congress is a long shot in an election year.
            when both political parties are trying to get the
            upper hand.


                evince -p 366 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            a long sh°twalkmZ over
            serried such
            and seeing y™ at the end U
            Misthe
            shot in your locker

            on«if vou have only one shot in your locker.
            11 yhave 0nly one thing left that you can do
            y<Horder to achieve success, and if this fails
            up.

            tou willAustralians

            have to give
            believe that Paul Keating is
            said, after Bob Hawke had
            True,'
            he
            finished Ms challenge
            on Monday, 7 had
            off
            beaten
            Qtjly one shot in the locker. I have fired it. and
            '
            the result
            the result is there for all to see. But
            although Mr
            that Australians see is that,
            Keating lost, he did not lose hopelessly.
            It's hard to see what kind of concessions the
            government could make before it's too late to
            call off lAe strike. Having already offered talks
            and announced the wage rise, it can have few
            shots left in its locker.

            Few

            a shot across someone's bows
            warning shot across someone's bows
            44
            a warning shot

            If you fire a shot across someone's bows or
            a warning shot across their bows, you do
            something which shows that you are prepared
            to oppose them strongly if they do not stop or
            change what they are doing.
            Britain's agriculture minister departed from
            his prepared speech to fire a shot across

            Norway's bows.
            The election result wasn 't entirely responsible
            for the market's worries, but political analysts
            regard it as a warning shot across the government's
            bows.
            As a warning shot across the bows of rivals
            the company is already setting aggressive
            prices.

            R 'Bows' is pronounced with the same vowel
            sound as the word ‘how'.
            O You can also simply say that someone fires
            a warning shot.
            The United States has fired a warning shot
            in its ongoing trade dispute with China.
            Two days after that article appeared, they
            fired the first warning shot to us with a writ
            ien. collective plea to abandon the tour and
            come home.

            a shot in the arm

            shoulder

            347

            shot

            444

            If something gives you a shot in the arm, it
            gives you help and encouragement at a time
            when you badly need it.
            Joe really helped us out cf a hole and it was
            really exciting. It gave us a real shot in the
            °rm at a time when we needed it most.
            Cast weekend's Gold Coast Boat Show, the
            first held at Royal Pines Resort, has proved a
            shot in the arm for the marine industry.
            The remaining problems can be dealt with in
            Meeks, and to risk further delay would be to

            deny the world economy a desperately needed
            shot in the arm.

            shots
            call the shots

            444

            If you call the shots, you are the person
            who makes all the important decisions in an
            organization or situation.
            Is the military really the power behind the
            President now? Who really calls the shots?
            The days of the empire are over. Britain
            must realise that she does not call the shots
            any more.
            Christabel was calling the shots on who
            would be going and who wouldn't.

            shoulder
            give someone the cold shoulder
            get the cold shoulder
            444
            If someone deliberately ignores you. you can
            say that they give you the cold shoulder or
            that you get the cold shoulder from them.
            He gives him the cold shoulder; he doesn't
            talk to him very much, if at all.
            Her book is chilling in its description of what
            it feels like to be given the cold shoulder by

            Hollywood.
            Nancy was sure she'd be getting the cold
            shoulder from a lot cf people she'd thought

            were her friends.
            You can also say that someone or something
            is cold-shouldered or talk about coldshouldering These forms are used mainly in
            journalism.

            Even her own party considered her shrewish
            and nagging, and cold shouldered her in the
            corridors.
            Marketing has been cold-shouldered by hospitals.
            but managers are gradually accepting
            that it may genuinely be needed.
            With Mr Yeltsin, Mr Major was able to go
            some way towards repairing the dents in the
            Russian leader's self-esteem caused by earlier

            western cold-shouldering.
            put your shoulder to the wheel
            If you put your shoulder to the wheel, you
            put a great deal of effort into a difficult task.

            Is there anybody here that is not willing to
            put his or her shoulder to the wheel and do it?
            Do not look back, look ahead. Keep your
            shoulder to the wheel, your feet on the ground.
            That is what 1 have done; it is how l have
            lived my life so far.

            a shoulder to cry on
            44
            cry on someone's shoulder
            If you refer to someone as a shoulder to
            cry on. you mean that you can rely on them
            to give you emotional support when you are
            upset or anxious.


                evince -p 367 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            shoulders
            For a lot of new mums the health visitor becomes
            a real friend, full of sound advice and

            the perfect shoulder to cry cm when it all gets
            too much.
            Roland sometimes saw me as a shoulder to
            cry on. He certainly wasn't used to me being
            weak.
            O You can also say that one person cries on
            another's shoulder.
            He had let her cry on his shoulder when she
            was upset, bringing her flowers and taking her
            on a late-night walk to help her feel better.
            When / come off stage and things haven't
            gone well, there's no one whose shoulder 1 can
            cry on.

            shoulder to shoulder

            show

            348

            44

            If you stand shoulder to shoulder with a
            group of people, you work co-operatively with
            them to achieve a common aim.
            Ferreira, who had stood shoulder to shoulder
            with his players throughout the campaign, said
            7 want to be with my players. '
            He was working shoulder to shoulder with
            enthusiastic theatre folk for the first time in
            twenty five years, and sharing in the creative

            spirit.
            They were joined by leaders of all those na
            lions who were shoulder-to-shoulder SO years
            ago, including the Queen and Prince Philip.

            straight from the shoulder
            If you say something straight from the
            shoulder, you say it directly and with complete
            honesty.

            He hasn't much good to say about the
            brotherhood of politicians he aspires to join.
            His opinions about top politicians in Washington
            and New York come straight from the
            shoulder. 'Bush.' he says, ‘was out of touch
            with reality. '
            You can use straight-from-the-shoulder
            before a noun.
            Others came away thinking he had given
            something less than his usual straight-fromthe shoulder performance.

            shoulders
            rub shoulders with someone
            444
            If you rub shoulders with someone impor
            tant or famous, you associate with them for a
            while. This expression is used mainly in British
                English; the usual American expression is
            rub elbows with someone.
            Johnson had always loved rubbing shoulders
            with celebrities
            She went to Cambridge before the First
            World War and rubbed shoulders with the
            likes of George Bernard Shaw and Sidney and
            Beatrice Webb.
            Working on a ship can mean seeing the

            world, rubbing shoulders with the rich and fa_

            \

            people

            I

            Farmers, painters and retired colonels rub
            shoulders at an inn which used to entertain
            smugglers and coachmen.

            1

            mous and partying nearly every night.
            You can also say that two groups of

            rub shoulders.
            While there may be fewer poor people, the
            rich are also more visible, and m the cities the
            two rub shoulders, as Mercedes cars sweep past

            tin shacks.

            show
            get the show on the road
            keep the show on the road

            •4

            If you get the show on the road, you put a
            plan or idea into action. If you keep the
            show on the road, you ensure that when a
            plan or idea has been put into action, it continues
            to operate successfully.
            It was a British commander up at the front
            who suggested that we had better get this show
            on the road because people are getting tired of
            waiting.

            He checked his watch ‘Shouldn't we get this
            show on the road, now that Rolfe's here?'
            The government is going to have to find
            something to offer the unions if it is to keep the
            show on the road.

            run the show

            444

            If you say that someone is running the
            show, you mean that they are in control of
            an organization, event, or situation.
            This is the first summit in which the Americans
            are just another player; Germany is now
            running the show.
            The fear is that you have on paper the restoration
            of democracy, but in reality the military
            still run the show.
            / wanted to run a record company so that I
            could have control. It feels wonderful to be running
            my own show. And now we're the most
            successful independent company in the country.

            steal the show

            444

            If you say that someone or something steals
            the show, you mean that they get more attention
            or praise than the other people or things
            in a show or other event.
            It was Chinese women who stole the show on
            the

            first day of

            competition. Their swimmers

            are setting new Asian records in almost every
            race.
            It's Jack Lemmon who finally steals the show,

            turning in his finest performance in years.
            O You can describe someone or something
            that gets more attention than other people or
            things as a show-stealer.
            The latest Steven Spielberg epic, Jurassic
            Park, had theatre patrons squirming in their
            seats at a special preview in Hollywood this


                evince -p 368 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            is Tyrannosaurus Rex.
            The show stealer
            dinosaur.
            MM
            stop the show
            stops the show,
            someone
            that
            say
            vou
            that they give an outstanding peror other event.
            forinance in a show
            Reggie Jackson stopped the
            Twelveyear-old
            with ‘America the Beautiful'.
            how last night
            an impressive person,
            r You can describe
            performance, or thing as show-stopping or
            say that they are a show-stopper
            She got a standing ovation for her show
            stopping number ‘And I'm Telling You l‘m Not
            Going' and finished on a high note with 'Oh

            a 5 tonne

            '

            ‘

            Happy Day'.

            Her first encore was a real show-stopper. ‘Je
            Suis Comme Je Suis'.

            showers
            send someone to the showers

            a trip to the showers
            If someone is sent to the showers, they are
            disqualified from a game or excluded from an
            activity, because of their bad behaviour or
            poor performance. You can also say that they
            earn a trip to the showers. These expressions
            are used in American English. Compare
            an early bath, see bath.
            Investors, like savvy team owners, would be
            wise to weigh a variety of factors before sending
            a manager to the showers.
            He declined to state which magic words
            Clemens uttered to earn his premature trip to
            the showers.

            shrift
            short shrift
            If someone or something gets short shrift or is given short shrift, they are treated very rudely or very little attention is paid to them.

            Southerners are justifiably angry at the way their interests get short shrift.
            Unions complain that this amounts to a transfer to employees of costs that employers used to bear. Such complaints are getting short shrift.
            I worked as a waitress when I was a drama student and I gave short shrift to customers who got on my nerves.

            He worries campaign finance reform wilt get
            lost in the shuffle of White House priorities.

            sick
            sick as a dog
            If you say that you are as sick as a dog, you are emphasizing that you feel very ill or upset.

            A teacher says she was sick as a dog for three weeks last year after eating some imported soft cheese.
            The superintendent had looked as sick as a dog when told of Jacobs's guilt

            sick as a parrot

            4

            If you say that someone or something gets
            *°st in the shuffle, you mean that nobody notices them or pays them any attention. This
            expression is used mainly in American English.

            No one is lost in the shuffle. The staff is well
            trained in courteous and attentive service to
            each and every guest.

            M

            If you say that you are as sick as a parrot,
            you mean that you are very annoyed or disappointed
            about something. This expression is
            used in British English.
            Sportsnight presenter Des Lynam will be as
            sick as a parrot if his new TV show fails to
            score with viewers.
            sick as a pig
            If you say that you are as sick as a pig, you
            mean that you are very annoyed and upset
            about something. This expression is used in
            British English.
            I've had Les in my office and he's been disciplined
            the maximum. He's as sick as a pig.

            side
            M
            let the side down
            If you accuse someone of letting the side
            down, you are criticizing them for disappoint
            ing people by doing something badly or by doing
            something which people do not approve
            of. This expression is used in British English

            The workers are the best in the world - it is
            the managements who let the side down.
            She accused Andrew of letting the side down.
            7 think it's very unfair that he's published this
            book. ‘ she said.

            look on the bright side
            44
            If you try to look on the bright side, you
            try to be cheerful about a bad situation by
            concentrating on the few good things in it or
            by thinking about how it could have been

            even worse.
            / tried to look on the bright side, to be gratehealthy.
            I hid my feelings com
            pletely and didn't talk to other people at all
            about what was going on.
            To repair the damage, the President should
            start by looking on the bright side. He still has
            a full year to recover before he faces the voters
            You can talk about the bright side of a
            bad situation.
            If there is a bright side for the Prime Minister,
            however, it is that the elections were a
            judgment on the whole party, not just him.

            ful that I was

            shuffle
            lost in the shuffle

            side

            349

            showers


                evince -p 369 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            sieve
            In the overall scheme of things, the crisis in
            the European monetary system is not good
            news; but there is a bright side to the story, at
            least for one group of people: American tourists.
            They're getting more for their dollar right

            now.
            on your side

            If you say that something is on your side,
            you mean that it gives you an advantage and
            helps you to achieve something.
            Having time and money on your side helps, of
            course, but even if you have neither, it pays to
            know about all the options.
            I have been very lucky this year. Luck seems
            to be on my side.

            sunny side up
            If you describe things or people as sunny
            side up, you mean that they are bright and
            cheerful. This expression is used mainly in
            British journalism.
            Braden's consumer shows were fresh and
            friendly and sunny side up.
            This book should keep you and your family
            feeling sunny side-up throughout your vacation.
            In American English, if you ask for a fried
            egg to be cooked sunny side up, you want it
            to be cooked on one side only and not turned
            over in the pan.
            to be on the safe side
            If you do something to be on the safe side,
            you do it as a precaution, although it is unlikely
            to be necessary.
            When Alice went down with gastro-enteritis,
            she was admitted to hospital just to be on the

            safe side.

            A solar panel for a typical house measures
            four square metres. You probably won 't need to
            apply for planning permission, but to be on the

            safe side check with your local planning department.

            sieve
            a brain like a sieve
            If you say that you have a brain like a
            sieve, you mean that you have a bad memory
            and often forget things. Nouns such as ‘head'
            and ‘mind' can be used instead of 'brain'.
            He lost the key to his Ferrari but admitted
            that his brain was like a sieve.
            My mind's like a sieve.

            sight
            at first sight
            You can say at first

            sight when you are describing
            your first impression of someone or
            something. You usually use this expression to
            indicate that this first impression was wrong
            or incomplete. At first glance means the

            same.

            sight

            350

            Edna O'Brim established her reputation with
            a series of novels in which Irish heroines battled
            against parental opposition, social convention
            and the Roman Catholic Church to achieve
            a measure of happiness or at least self respect
            at the end of it- Her latest novel seems at first
            sight to be a reworking of similar themes.
            His pictures can appear, at first sight, impenetrably
            obscure.
            Nothing is ever quite as good or quite as bad
            as it looks at first sight.

            lose sight of something
            If you do not lose sight of an important aspect
            of something, you do not forget it or ignore
            it, even though you have other things to
            think about.
            The agreements we've reached cannot cause
            us to lose sight of some of the differences that
            remain.
            We should not lose sight of the fact that, at
            times, depression is a perfectly normal reaction
            to marital problems, bereavement or job loss,
            for example.
            As so often happened, Peter, Tommy and Henry
            had totally lost sight of their real objective.

            out of sight, out of mind
            If you say *out of sight, out of mind', you
            mean that it is easy to forget about someone
            or something, or to stop caring about them,
            when you have not seen them for a long time.
            Because people think of Indians as being out
            of sight and out of mind, they feel that they
            can degrade and dehumanize our culture however
            they please.
            After the drought is over, the systems are going
            to be out of sight, out of muid. They definitely
            will not be maintained after that, and
            yet there will be no mechanism for making
            sure they're removed.
            People often vary this expression.
            You may miss out on promotion prospects too
            out of sight may well mean out of mind.
            In the years he spent imprisoned on Robben
            Island, Mandela was out of sight, but much in

            -

            mind

            a sight for sore eyes
            If you say that something is a sight for
            sore eyes, you mean that it gives you a lot of
            pleasure to look at it
            The sunset over the Strait of Malacca is a

            sight for sore eyes.
            'We think the new headquarters is a sight for
            sore eyes, ' he said. Others think the three-storey
            building is more of an eye sore.
            People sometimes say ‘you're a sight for
            sore eyes' when they are greeting
            who they have not seen for a long time.
            Jack. You're a sight for sore eyes. It's been
            too long. Far too long.

            someone


                evince -p 370 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            351

            sigh‘s
            sights

            something in your sights

            444

            hayfev;u
            1

            have something in your sights, you
            to achieve it, and
            are have a good chance of success. If you
            in your sights, you are deter
            hav catch, defeat, or overcome them.
            t0
            mined
            other verbs instead of 'have'.
            You can use
            the season- Liverpool
            Usually. at thls stage
            the table and have
            sec°nd
            in
            or
            lying
            fiM
            e
            Championship firmly in their sights.
            university, with good job
            / am studying at
            prospects firmly in my sights.
            crumble, it was clear
            As Lehmann began to
            might catch him and, with just a
            Boardmanlaps
            left. Boardman had him right in
            couple of
            his sights.
            Virgin Airlines earns just over half its revenues
            from the business travellers it has kept
            in its sights since it started in 1984.
            Q These expressions are often used more literally
            to say that someone is looking at a tar
            get through the sights of a gun.
            set your sights on something
            aiming °r trying hard

            l°ve someone

            %e

            444
            have your sights on something
            If you set your sights on something, you decide
            that you want it and try very hard to get
            it Other verbs can be used instead of 'set'.
            These days not all Russian girls are setting
            their sights on marriage to the boy next door.
            Although she came from a family of bankers,
            Franklin set her sights on a career in scientific

            research.
            Gareth Jenkins and his assistant, Alan lewis,
            have clearly set their sights on winning the

            championship.
            She could now fix her sights on continuing at
            school for another three years.
            If someone has made up their mind to try
            to get something, you can say that they have
            their sights on it.
            Brand and Torrance now have their sights
            on the £111,000first prize in the first qualifying
            event for next September's Ryder Cup.
            And. proving she's just a kid at heart, she already
            had her sights on her next goal - hero
            Linford Christie's autograph.
            O You can say that someone sets their sights
            high when they are trying to get something
            that is hard to achieve. If you say that someone
            sets their sights low, you mean that they
            are unambitious and do not achieve as much

            as they could.
            Women tend to end up in low-status jobs with
            low pay often we only have ourselves to
            blame. We just do not set our sights high

            enough.

            Lion1 go

            become a regu
            She has set her sights on

            expecting Dannii to

            lf‘r TV presenter.
            higher things

            silver

            A joint study has criticized American car
            makers for setting their sights too low and
            with being content to build automobiles which

            are merely adequate.

            signed
            signed and sealed
            signed, sealed, and delivered
            44
            If you say that an agreement is signed and
            sealed, you mean that it is official and cannot
            be changed. You can also say that it is
            signed, sealed, and delivered.
            Although a peace agreement has been signed
            and sealed, many of these villagers say they're

            afraid to return to their homes.

            Well, it's all done, signed and sealed, and
            there's nothing you can do or say about it.
            A government spokesman said the bill must
            be signed, sealed and delivered by tomorrow.

            silk
            you can't make a silk purse out of a
            sow's ear
            4
            If you say that you can't make a silk purse
            out of a sow's ear, you mean that it is impossible
            to make something really successful
            or of high quality out of something which is
            unsuccessful or of poor quality.
            'Some individuals say they want to become
            gorgeous, but to become gorgeous you really
            need a

            few basics,' she said. We presume she

            means you can't make a silk purse out of a
            sow's ear.
            People often vary this expression.
            It takes more than a good swimming pool
            and an indoor tennis court or two to make a
            sow's ear of a resort into a silk purse.

            Afterwards. Kendall made no attempt to describe
            this sow's ear as a silk purse.

            silver
            born with a silver spoon in your
            4
            mouth
            If you say that someone was born with a
            silver spoon in their mouth, you mean that

            their family was very rich and they had a
            privileged upbringing. You usually use this
            expression to show resentment or disapproval
            People like Samantha and Timothy had been
            bom with a silver spoon in their mouth; they
            hadn't a worry in the world, and there was always
            someone to pay their bills if their own inheritance
            was not sufficient.
            People sometimes vary this expression, for
            example by replacing ‘silver' or ‘mouth' with
            other words.
            Henry Adams was born with a complete set of
            sterling silver in his mouth.
            You can use silver-spoon before a noun to
            describe a person like this or their lifestyle.


                evince -p 371 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            sing
            He reckons that, mentally at least, he dropped
            of his silver-spoon existence at the age of
            about three.
            out

            a silver lining
            every cloud has a silver lining
            444
            If you say that a bad or unpleasant situation
            has a silver lining, you mean that there is a
            good or pleasant side-effect of it.
            Richard Barman had trouble finding a silver
            lining in the report.
            The fall in inflation is the silver lining of the
            prolonged recession.
            When you are using a silver lining in this
            way, you often refer to the bad or unpleasant

            situation as the cloud.
            Even Kenneth Clarke, usually a man to find
            a silver lining in the blackest cloud, admitted
            that the government was in 'a dreadful hole'.
            There's a bit of a silver lining in every cloud.
            I certainly can't say I'm sorry they abandoned
            the idea.
            These expressions come from the proverb
            every cloud has a silver lining, which is
            used to say that every bad or unpleasant
            situation has some benefits or pleasant sideeffects.
            As they say. every cloud has a silver lining.
            We have drawn lessons from the decisions tak

            en.
            If you say that every silver lining has a
            cloud, you mean that every good or pleasant
            situation has an aspect which is bad or un
            pleasant
            We got on brilliantly; he was clever, sexy,
            funny - and leaving for New York on Tuesday.
            Every silver lining has a cloud, it seems.

            sing

            tune: 1
            sing the same tune
            sing the same song
            If you say that someone is singing a different
            tune, you mean that they are expressing
            ideas or opinions which are in complete contrast
            to the ones which they were expressing
            a short time ago. If you say that someone is
            singing the same tune, you mean that they
            are continuing to express the same ideas or
            opinions that they have expressed before. You
            can replace ‘tune' with ‘song' in these expressions.
            sing a different

            Then he said: “As employees of the county
            clubs, their first and only loyalty should be to
            English cricket." Yesterday he was singing a
            different tune, hoping ‘there is no acrimony
            from players who disagree with the decision'.
            The president basically sent the signal that
            he's going to keep singing the same tune he's
            been singing.

            sinit

            352

            sing a different tune: 2
            sing the same tune
            sing the same song
            s
            If you say that a group of people are sing.
            ing the same tune, you mean that they are
            all expressing the same opinions about
            thing. You can also say that one person ig
            singing the same tune as the others. If peo.
            pie are singing a different tune, they are expressing
            different opinions about something.]
            You can replace ‘tune' with ‘song' in these ex
            some.

            pressions.

            It doesn't help when politicians argue in pub.
            lie and so confuse our case. We should all be
            singing the same tune.
            The burden of homelessness in Tower Hamlets
            is great enough without two Government

            departments singing different songs.
            You can also replace ‘sing' with other verbs
            such as ‘play'.
            If Thailand is to join the other nations, it
            must play the same tunes
            If the vision is totally shared, the leader has
            done his job. He has succeeded in getting every
            one to whistle the same tune
            sing from the same hymn sheet
            sing from the same song sheet
            In British English, if you say that two or
            more people are singing from the same
            hymn sheet or are singing from the same
            song sheet, you mean that they agree about
            something, and are saying the same things in
            public about it. You can replace ‘sing' with
            ‘read', and ‘sheet' with ‘book'.
            The main theme is to bring together the departments
            so that we're all singing from the
            same hymn sheet
            As she and her husband face the latest controversy,
            they can be relied upon to sing from
            the same song-sheet.

            sink
            sink or swim

            -4

            If you say that someone will have to sink or
            swim, you mean that they are being left to do
            something on their own, and whether they
            succeed or not will depend entirely on their
            own efforts or abilities.
            By some estimates, 70-80 per cent of the

            country's enterprises are technically bankruptMany will certainly fail once they are transferred
            to private ownership and forced to sink
            or swim on their own.
            O You can use sink-or-swim before a noun.
            Some institutions we visited deliberately
            low a sink-or-swim approach. Others try hard
            to acclimatize students early to campus life.


                evince -p 372 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            sitting

            sitting

            at
            a* one sitting
            one
            sitting
            a singÿ

            Tt if you d0 somet,lln8 at one sitting or in

            8

            11

            sitting, you do not stop doing it until
            one have
            finished it. You can also say that
            do it at a single sitting.
            to be read at one sitThe book does not have
            conveniently into selfting but is broken

            chapters
            contained
            Be as complete as possible,

            but go slowly.

            pon t expect to fill out these lists in one sitting.
            She loved to go through a box of cookies at a

            single sitting.

            six

            knock someone for six
            hit someone for six

            44

            If something knocks you for six or hits
            you for six, it gives you a surprise or shock
            which you have difficulty recovering from.
            These expressions are used mainly in British
            English

            Many people are very positive and see redun
            dancy as a chance to start a new career, but
            the emotional impact of being made redundant

            can knock others for six.

            We just cannot afford a wage rise as high as
            inflation. Double figures would just about hit
            us for six.
            People occasionally use this expression to
            say that they are very impressed by someone

            or something.

            One day Gary walked in with his sister. 7
            was absolutely knocked for six. She's lovely.
            very caring, very supportive, ' says Peter.
            six of one and half a dozen of the

            other

            If you describe two people, situations, or
            courses of action as six of one and
            half a dozen of the other, you mean that
            both are equally bad or equally good.
            To me it was six of one and half a dozen qf
            the other. They were both at fault.
            Paced with a decision of six qf one, half a
            dozen of the other, he put faith in his bowlers
            possible

            and was totally justified.

            4

            If something or someone is at sixes and
            5fvens, they are disorganized and confused.
            This expression is used mainly in British

            English.
            They are at sixes and sevens over their tax

            and spending plans.

            Of course everything in the place is at sixes
            of us know what we should

            and sevens. None
            be doing.

            size
            cut someone down to size
            44
            If you cut someone down to size when they
            are behaving arrogantly, you do or say some
            thing which shows that they are less important
            or impressive than they think they are.
            It is time the big bosses were cut down to
            size. They are the ones to blame for much of
            the country's economic misery.
            It may be that people are drawn to journal
            ism because of the chance to cut everyone else
            down to size.

            try something on for size
            try something for size
            try something out for size
            4
            If you try something on for size, you consider
            it carefully or try using it in order to
            decide whether you think it is any good or
            whether you believe it. You can also say that
            you try something for size or that you try tt
            out for size.
            We are able to a limited extent to try models
            on for size to see which may be compatible
            with us. but it is important to give time to the
            experiment.

            'Jarvis killed Mr Rownall?' he said slowly.
            trying the idea for size and seeming to find it
            mildly attractive.
            He makes conversation, trying you out for
            size. 'What do you think of the album T he

            says.

            skates
            get your skates on
            If someone tells you to get your skates on,
            they are telling you to hurry up. This expres
            slon is used mainly in British English
            You'll need to get your skates on before this
            unusually attractive cffer ends a week tomor

            row.

            Bargain hunters had better get their skates
            the best properties are selling fast.

            on

            skeleton
            a skeleton in the closet
            44
            a skeleton in the cupboard
            If you say that someone has a skeleton in
            the closet, you mean that they are keeping
            secret something which would be scandalous
            or embarrassing for them if other people

            sixes
            sixes and sevens

            skeleton

            353

            sitting

            knew about it. In British English, you can
            also say that they have a skeleton in the
            cupboard.
            But everybody's got vices, haven't they?
            There's always a skeleton in the closet somewhere.
            Show me somebody with no skeletons in their
            cupboard, and I'll show you a skilful liar.
            So far. little has been said to shift the presumption
            that if Mr Gates had any skeletons in


                evince -p 373 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            skid
            his cupboard he would not have sought the
            nomination.

            skid
            skid row
            You say that someone is on skid row when
            they have lost everything in their life, for example
            because they have become alcoholic or
            gone bankrupt.
            The first pint of bitter at the village pub
            gives no indication that the drinker may have
            taken his first steps on the way to Skid Row
            Business is very tough right now, so if it
            wasn't for all my trinkets and paintings /
            would be on skid row.
            Skid row is used, especially in American
            English, to refer a poor part of a city where
            many drunks and homeless people live

            skids
            on the skids

            44

            If you say that something is on the skids,
            you mean that it is doing badly and is very
            likely to fail.
            My marriage was on the skids.
            It took Donny some time to realise his career
            was on the skids.
            Buchanan was a Federalist at the time when
            the Federal Party was on the skids and about
            to vanish forever.

            put the skids under something
            4
            If you put the skids under something or
            someone, you cause them to do badly or fail.
            This expression is used in British English.
            Profits almost halved in the six months to
            end August, from £16. 7 million to £9. 7 million,
            putting the skids under the share price, which
            dropped 21p to 88p.
            Two new witnesses in the murder case have
            put the skids under his alibi.

            skin
            by the skin of your teeth

            44

            If you do something by the skin of your
            teeth, you just manage to do it but very nearly
            fail.
            In the men's First Division, the champions,
            Cadbury's Kingston, survived by the skin of
            their teeth.
            Premier John Major breathed a sigh of relief
            last night as he avoided a disastrous rise in interest
            rates by the skin of his teeth.

            get under your skin: 1
            4
            If something gets under your skin, it annoys
            or worries you.
            The continuing criticism, which is getting
            harsher, is getting under his skin a little bit.
            Mothers should try not to be too irritated at

            the sudden demands made on

            skin

            354

            them

            by

            schoolchildren 'Where's my football shorts?'fa
            example, when they hadn't realized they'd fy
            needed. Try not to let that kind of thing get ury
            der your skin.

            I

            I

            get under your skin: 2
            If someone or something gets under youj.
            skin, they begin to affect you in a significant*
            way, so that you become very interested in I
            them or very fond of them.

            I

            After a slow start, his play gets under your
            skin because of its affection for Us characters
            and sympathy wUh the frustrations of small

            I
            I
            I

            town life.
            While you're here, take your shoes off. Feel |
            the islands. Let the Galapagos get under your
            skin. You'll never forget them.
            get under someone's skin: 3
            If you try to get under the skin of someone, you try to find out how they feel and
            think, so that you are able to understand 1
            them better.
            You are probably aware by now that U is
            only through getting right under the skin of
            your colleagues and loved ones that you will be
            able to relate to them as equals.
            Geoffrey Beattie's book is presented as ‘an attempt
            to get under the skin of the Protestant I
            people of Ulster'.

            I

            1

            it's no skin off my nose
            If someone says ‘it's no skin off my nose*
            when something bad happens, they mean that
            they are not worried about it, because it only J
            affects or harms other people, or because it is
            not their responsibility. This is an informal I
            expression, which is used mainly in spoken
            British English.
            When I heard she'd got the sack, l thought.
            no skin off my nose, she's not what you'd call a
            mate, and losing a lousy job like that's no big
            deal, is it? You've got to watch out for yourself
            these days, haven't you?
            Let them publish U. It's no skin off my nose.
            if U turns out to be wrong. They wrote it. not

            me.
            4
            jump out of your skin
            If you say that something made you jump
            out of your skin, you mean that it gave you
            a sudden unpleasant shock or surprise.
            He nearly jumped out of his skin when he
            saw two rats in the wreckage of what a few
            years before had been a kitchen.
            I'd never seen such large guns and everyone
            is armed. The first time I heard shots I jumped
            out of my skin, but now I hardly notice the
            continuous gunfire.

            make your skin crawl
            If you say that something makes your skin
            crawl, you mean that you find it unpleasant
            and it makes you frightened, distressed,

            or


                evince -p 374 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            Make your flesh creep means

            unco
            tlie same- an amused snort that made my skin
            He gave

            crawl
            l

            hated

            this man, his very touch made my

            skin crawl

            skin
            save your
            your own skin

            save

            44

            their skin or save
            if someone
            to save themselves
            their own
            dangerous or unpleasant, offrom
            something
            caring what happens to anyone
            without
            ten
            tries to save
            skin, they try

            He appeared to be condemning the entire
            Maybe this was because he was try
            ing lo save his skin.
            [t's an announcement that's got a lot more to
            do with the government trying to save its own
            skin than trying to help the victims

            movement

            skin and bone

            skin and bones

            44

            If you describe someone as skin and bone
            or skin and bones, you mean that they are
            very thin, because they have not had enough
            to eat for a long time, or because they are suf
            fering from a serious illness.
            A man like me can't live on beans I'll soon
            be skin and bone.
            Many villages are deserted. In one we found
            nomads looking for water They were skin and
            bones. They had no food.

            a thick skin

            44

            If you say that someone has a thick skin,
            you mean that they are not easily hurt or
            upset by criticism. Compare a thin skin.
            A woman who survives in politics needs a
            thick skin.
            Energy, self-confidence, an ability to get along
            with people, and a thick skin to handle rejection.
            these are the primary ingredients in a
            good salesperson.
            You can also describe someone as being

            thick-skinned.

            She worked as a nurse in a psychiatric emer
            gency clinic in South London, a job that made
            her thick skinned and able to handle abuse

            a thin skin

            44

            If you say that someone has a thin skin,
            you mean that they are very easily hurt or
            upset by criticism. Compare a thick skin
            Evidence of such a thin skin and lack of te
            nacity means that he is certainly not cut out to
            be a journalist.
            You can also describe someone as being

            thin-skinned.

            At each level the judging gets more critical.
            if you're thin-skinned, it's belter to start
            slowly and build up your confidence.
            and

            slack

            355

            ski*1

            sky
            blow something sky-high
            If you blow someone's hopes or beliefs skyhigh, you do or say something which completely
            destroys them.
            They knew nothing about me. apart from
            what I encouraged them to think. She could
            have blown all that sky-high.

            out of a clear blue sky
            If you describe something as happening out
            of a clear blue sky, you mean that it happens
            completely unexpectedly. People sometimes
            omit 'dear' or 'blue'.
            It certainly cannot be bad news when, out of
            a clear blue sky and after 34 months of successive
            increases, unemployment drops by 22.000
            The announcement that Mikhail Gorbachev
            was 'ill' and that his duties had been taken
            over by his vicepresident came out of a blue
            rip44
            the sky's the limit
            You can say ‘the sky's the limit' when you
            are talking about the possibility of someone
            or something being very successful.
            'How much are you hoping to make for this
            charity of yours?' "Well loads hopefully. I mean

            the sky's the limit. '
            Asked how far Agassi could go. McEnroe said
            simply: ‘The sky's the limit'

            slack
            cut someone some slack
            If you cut someone some slack, you make
            things slightly easier for them than you normally
            would, because of their special circumstances
            or situation.

            When you're new at a job. colleagues and
            bosses cut you a little slack. They forgive minor
            mistakes because you're new
            But for me it was hate at first sight, this intruder
            in our midst. I was determined not to
            cut him any slack.

            take up the slack
            pick up the slack

            44

            If someone takes up the slack in an industry,
            economy, or organization, they start make
            use of all its resources or potential.
            You can also say that they pick up the slack.
            The export market has not taken up the
            slack, so redundancies are coming thick and
            ing full

            fast.
            Small investors still haven't returned in full
            force, but the institutions are taking up much
            of the slack
            That has prompted some steel marketers to
            look elsewhere, including home and office furniture
            markets, to pick up the slack


                evince -p 375 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            slap
            slap
            44
            a slap in the face
            You can describe someone's behaviour as a

            slap in the face when they upset you by insulting
            you or appearing to reject you.
            David Hart, the general secretary of the National
            Association of Head Teachers, described
            the report as a 'slap in the face'for pupils who
            had just received their results.
            Mr Nakajima was the first Japanese to win a
            high UN office: if he were not re-elected, it

            would be a slap in the face.
            a slap on the wrist
            4
            You can refer to a very light punishment or
            reprimand as a slap on the wrist.
            Most people say they gave her a suspension
            that's not really a suspension and the fine they
            gave her is just a slap on the wrist.
            But other than a few slaps on the wrist, the
            General went unpunished.

            slate
            on the slate
            If you buy something on the slate, you buy
            it on credit and will need to pay for it later.
            This expression is used in British English.
            He'd call at the pub coming back from work
            and it was all put on the slate until Friday
            night.

            wipe the slate clean: 1
            a clean slate

            clean. To do this, the government would hauf
            to write off all the existing loans made by]
            state-owned banks to state-owned enterprises. 1
            When you begin something without owing
            any money, you can say that you are begin.
            ning with a clean slate.
            The proposal is to pay everything you owe, so
            that you can start with a clean slate.

            wipe the slate clean: 3
            If you wipe the slate clean, you are pun.
            ished for something wrong that you have
            done, or you make amends for it by your
            good behaviour, so that you can start your
            life again without feeling guilty about it.
            Serving a prison sentence makes them believe
            they have "wiped the slate clean ', but the anger
            and hurt fell by those close to them remains
            long after their release.

            sleep
            not lose any sleep over something

            44

            If you say that you won't lo6e any sleep
            over something, you mean that you will not
            worry about it at all.
            I'd like to have a little more money who
            wouldn "t but I won 't lose any sleep over it.
            People like to think that Peter is worried
            about not winning the race but I don't think
            he loses a lot of sleep over it.

            -

            sleeve
            44

            If you wipe the slate clean, you get rid of
            an existing system so that you can replace it
            with a new one. You can then say that you
            are beginning with a clean slate
            He wanted to wipe the slate clean of anything
            that had gone before. He wanted his new Council
            to make up its own mind about everything.
            There's an equally strong desire to wipe the
            slate clean and call for early presidential and
            legislative elections.
            The new chief executive has clearly decided to
            start with a clean slate as he embarks on one
            of the toughest jobs in British retailing.
            wipe the slate clean: 2

            a clean slate

            sleeve

            356

            4

            If you wipe the slate clean, you earn
            enough money to pay off your debts, so that
            you no longer owe money to anyone.
            When his 1988 campaign ended he owed $4
            million, after 12 weeks of hard work he was
            able to wipe the slate clean.
            Over a decade he wiped the firm 's slate clean
            of debt and brought it up to record earnings.
            You can also say that someone wipes the
            slate clean when they agree to ignore money
            that you owe to them, so that you no longer

            owe them anything.

            The ideal solution would be to wipe the slate

            have something up your sleeve
            have an ace up your sleeve
            444
            have a card up your sleeve
            If someone has something up their sleeve,
            they have a secret Idea or plan which they
            can use to gain an advantage over other peopic.

            The centre-forward insisted his team will use
            every trick up their sleeve to counter the physical
            threat posed by the Irish.
            He's nothing if not a tough campaigner, and
            he has one final option up his sleeve.
            The bank's strategy for improvement is simple,
            according to Mr Pearse: 'We've got nothing
            fancy up our sleeves. We just have to be better.'
            The expressions have an ace up your
            sleeve and have a card up your sleeve mean
            the same.
            The commission has another ace up its sleeve
            - it says tourist jobs will be created and estimates
            that the local economy will benefit to the
            tune of £2 million a year.
            Even those who regard him as ruthless and
            brutal admit, however, that he seems always to
            have a card up his sleeve

            laugh up your sleeve
            If you say that someone is laughing up
            their sleeve, you mean that they are secretly
            amused by something, for example because


                evince -p 376 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            sJeeves

            has done something badly or besomething that nobody else
            expression is usually used to

            some0"t*1 elseknow

            cause

            *

            isa pproval.
            kn°X,Sdwondered
            just how smugly she was laugh
            sh°
            H

            slope

            357

            ineptitude.
            up her sleeve at his

            England. He's holed up someinf.*"Lnever theleft countryside,
            laughing up his

            in
            Wrier* 11
            ‘
            bloody sleeve.

            sleeves

            4
            up your sleeves
            sleeves, you get ready
            your
            up
            roll
            you
            If
            group of peoto work hard, often as part of a

            roll

            V*

            He was very much a team player, rolling up
            his sleeves and getting down to work.
            Economic miracles are man-made. Let's roll
            up our sleeves and make unity work.
            We will roll our sleeves up and get on with
            the job because we know what is expected of

            us

            sling

            your ass in a sling
            If someone has their ass in a sling, they are
            in a very difficult situation. Other words
            'bottom' are sometimes used instead
            of 'ass' This is a very informal expression,
            which is used mainly in American English.
            Many people find it offensive.
            His ass is in a sling. He's not afraid of us but
            he's afraid cf the mud that's getting stirred up.
            meaning

            slings
            slings and arrows

            4

            If you talk about the slings and arrows of
            something, you are referring to the unpleasant
            things that it causes to happen to you and
            that are not your fault. This expression is
            used mainly in written English.
            She had a significant personality disorder
            which reduced her ability to cope with the
            slings and arrows cf life.
            He received lectures on handling the press
            from his wife, who had suffered her own share
            °f slings and arrows in the quest for publicity.
            O This expression comes from the line 'the
            slings and arrows of outrageous fortune', in
            Shakespeare's play ‘Hamlet'. People sometimes
            use this line in full.
            It may be difficult to forget the slings and arrows
            of outrageous fortune which the early
            Nineties fired at you, but now you really must
            resolve to let the past go.

            slip
            a slip of the tongue
            a slip of the pen

            of the tongue, you mean that you said it by

            mistake.
            'Did you say Frank Sinatra?' 'Oh. did I? I'm
            sorry. That was a slip of the tongue. I don't
            know what got into me. '
            At one stage he referred to her as James's
            fiancee but later said that was a slip of the
            tongue and said he did not believe they were
            formally engaged.
            If you refer to something you wrote as a
            slip of the pen, you mean that you wrote it
            by mistake.
            A slip cf the editorial pen moved the celebrations
            forward 10 days. Please arrive on 29
            August, not 19 August

            there is many a slip twixt cup and lip
            If people say ‘there is many a slip twixt
            cup and lip', they are warning that a plan
            may easily go wrong before it is completed,
            and they cannot be sure of what will happen.
            This is a literary expression.
            Most Italians had thought it a foregone conclusion.
            But Mario Segni, the rebel Christian
            Democrat who first championed the referen
            dum, fears the possibility of a slip twixt cup
            and lip.
            People sometimes just say ‘there's many a
            slip', or vary the second half of the expres
            sion.
            He knows, too. after the much postponed title
            fight against Tyson, that there's many a slip
            between signing a contract and pulling on the
            gloves.
            D ‘Twixt' is an old fashioned word meaning
            'between'.

            slippery
            slippery as an eel
            If you say that someone is as slippery as
            an eel. you mean that it is very difficult to
            catch them or to get the information that you
            want from them.
            The boy raided 36 homes. The judge said ‘the
            invasion of homes by a boy as slippery as an
            eel' was a horrifying experience.
            You can also describe someone as a slippery
            eel.
            He himself concedes that he is regarded as a
            slippery eel a man who constantly changes
            his mind.

            -

            slope
            4-44
            a slippery slope
            If someone is on a slippery slope, they are

            involved in a course of action that cannot be
            stopped and that will lead to failure or seri
            ous trouble.
            4

            If you refer to something you said as a slip

            They're opposed to all such government mandates.
            They see family leave as the first step
            down a slippery slope.


                evince -p 377 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            small
            The new centre aims to help ex-offenders back
            into the community and guide young people
            who may already be on the slippery slope to
            criminality towards a better life.
            The company started down the slippery slope
            of believing that they knew better than the customer,
            with the inevitable disastrous results.

            small
            make someone feel small
            make someone look small
            If you say that someone makes you feel
            small or makes you look small, you mean
            that they deliberately say or do something
            which makes you look or feel stupid, especially
            in front of other people.
            He made me feel small, like an idiot.
            When your children misbehave, tell them
            without making them feel small.
            / could see he was going to do whatever he
            could to make me look small.

            smoke
            blow smoke
            blow smoke in someone's face
            4
            blow smoke in someone's eyes
            If you accuse someone of blowing smoke or
            of blowing smoke in your face or eyes, you
            are accusing them of deliberately confusing
            you or misleading you in order to deceive
            you. These expressions are used mainly in
            American English.

            I Just can't shake the feeling that he's up to
            something. Sounds to me like he's blowing
            smoke.
            Everyone knew Philip Morris was growing
            faster than RJR. But now we know they've
            been growing faster than faster. RJR has been
            blowing smoke in our faces.

            blow smoke up someone's ass
            If someone praises you and you say they are
            blowing smoke up your ass, you mean that
            they are being insincere and just trying to
            please you. This is a very informal expression.
            which is used mainly in American English.
            Many people consider it offensive.
            She would never blow smoke up my ass.
            Everybody tells you you're great, you're fabulous,
            when you're famous, but she'd always ask
            me, ‘Hey, did you wash your underwear today?'
            go up in smoke
            44
            If something that is important to you goes
            up in smoke, it fails or ends without anything
            being achieved.
            For the president there is more at stake in the
            racial violence erupting all over America than
            burning streets - his whole political future
            could go up in smoke.
            But with just eight minutes to go, their
            dreams of glory went up in smoke. Liverpool

            smoo

            356

            scored twice within minutes and went threeahead.

            smoke and mirrors
            If you say that something is full of stnofc.
            and mirrors, you mean that it is full
            things which are intended to deceive or
            fuse people. This expression is used mainly (Q
            AMERICAN English.
            The president and his aides claim that their]
            economic plan is free of the gimmicks arid
            smoke and mirrors that have characterized prt.
            vious presidential budget proposals.
            The socalled $28 billion aid package isn't really
            all aid - it's some smoke and mirrors and
            some items like postponement of debt repay.
            ment. which is not new money.

            con.

            smoke signals
            4
            If someone sends out smoke signals, ttey
            give an indication of their views or intentions,
            often in an unclear or vague form

            which then needs to be interpreted.
            I'll tell you exactly what I think we ought to
            do. but what kind of smoke signals ought to be
            sent by the White House is up to them to figure
            out.

            Recent economic smoke-signals suggest that
            the economy began to pick up in May.

            there's no smoke without fire
            where there's smoke there's fire

            4

            If you say ‘there's no smoke without fire'
            or ‘where there's smoke there's fire' when
            you are referring to an unpleasant rumour or
            unlikely story, you mean that it is likely to be
            at least partly true, as otherwise nobody
            would be talking about it.
            But what did upset me was the fact that it
            cast a slur on my character. The story was the
            main item on the news and people were bound
            to think there was no smoke without fire.

            People were hardly likely to believe Rhonda's
            allegations. Still, the 'where there's smoke
            there's fire' adage held as true now as it ever

            had.

            smooth
            smooth the way
            smooth the path
            If someone or something smooths the way
            or smooths the path for something, they
            make it easier for it to happen or more likely
            to happen.
            For several weeks now, the president has been
            trying to smooth the way for this package of
            spending cuts and tax increases.
            The President said that if the talks took place
            without preconditions they could smooth the
            way to peace.
            The current campaign against crime would
            play an important role in restoring social order and in smoothing the path of reform.


                evince -p 378 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            auap

            359

            snail
            snail

            pace
            at a snail's
            ou say that something

            44

            is moving or dea snail's pace or at snail's pace,
            at
            i
            VC
            that it is moving or developing
            yOU inean
            slowly You usually use this expression
            v
            vou think that it would be better if it

            VinK

            They drove around in Rolls-Royces, openly
            flaunting their wealth and cocking a snook at
            the forces of law and order.
            The Danes cocked a snook in the vote at their
            own political establishment
            Terry Wogan is determined to cock a snook at
            the critics and go out on a high note.

            quickly.
            wentThe11more
            vote

            snow

            but

            a snow job

            1

            counting continues at a snail's pace
            Latin America correspondent says clear

            our
            trends are emerging
            economy grew

            at a snail's pace in the
            this year.
            months
            of
            three
            first
            She was driving at snail's pace, looking in
            ever)' house.
            You can also use snail's pace before a

            The

            noun.

            Observers hope that the meeting will speed up
            two years of snail's pace talks, marked by re

            peated breakdowns and little advance on issues
            of substance

            snake
            a snake in the grass
            If you describe someone as a snake in the

            grass, you are expressing strong dislike and
            disapproval of them because they pretend to
            be your friend while actually being an enemy
            and betraying you.
            Sofia Petrovna would tell Kolya everything

            about that snake in the grass, the accountant's

            wife.
            snake oil
            a snake oil salesman
            •4
            You use snake oil to refer to something
            which someone is trying to sell you or make
            you believe in when you think that it is false
            and not to be trusted. This expression is used
            mainly in American English.
            He's ready to be president. And he's a good
            salesman, even if he's selling snake oil.
            It's a fine machine, but I've noticed that
            most cf the similar devices already on the market
            give off a whiff of snake oil. There's noth
            ing worse than having your product tainted by
            the hint of fraud.
            c A snake-oil salesman is someone who
            tries to sell you something or make you believe
            in something like this.
            This is the national headquarters for slicktalking snake-oil salesmen who use the telephone
            to extract money from the gullible and
            the greedy and then vanish.

            snook
            c°ck a snook at someone
            4
            If you cock a snook at someone, you show
            your contempt or lack of respect for them by
            deliberately insulting or offending them. This
            is a fairly old-fashioned expression.

            You refer to what someone has said as a
            snow job to express your disapproval of the
            fact that it is full of lies and exaggerations,
            and was intended to deceive or flatter you.
            This expression is used mainly in American
            English.
            They have the experience to know the difference
            between getting information and getting a
            snow job. You can lie to a member of Congress
            once, and that's it.
            When he called me in London, he threw
            around a lot of names. A snow job. None of
            which checked out later, by the way.

            snuff
            up to snufT
            If you say that something or someone is not
            up to snuff, you mean that they are not as
            good as they should be or as they normally
            are. This expression is considered oldfashioned in British English
            If the project goes ahead, Russia will spend
            ten years and at least SI billion on technology
            and training to bring its banks and bankers
            up to snuff.
            The hamburgers didn 7 come up to snuff.

            snug
            snug as a bug in a rug
            If you say that someone is as snug as a bug
            in a rug, you are saying light-heartedly that
            they are in a very comfortable situation. This
            expression is considered old fashioned in British
            English.
            Jamieson went to the galley, ordered coffee
            for himself and his men and sat beside
            McKinnon. 'Ideal working conditions, you said.
            Snug as a bug in a rug, one might say.'

            soap
            no soap
            You can say

            ‘no soap' to mean that you
            have tried to do something but have failed.
            This expression is used in American English.
            I went out and wandered around the halls
            looking for him. Then finally I went home. I
            called him at home this morning. No soap.


                evince -p 379 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            sober
            sober
            sober as a judge
            If you say that someone is as sober as a
            Judge, you are emphasizing that they are not
            drunk. This is an old-fashioned expression,
            which is used in British English.
            After all, he was as sober as the proverbial
            judge. And when Tom was sober, they just
            couldn't find anything wrong with him.

            soft as shit

            If you tell someone to put a sock in it, you
            are rudely telling them to stop talking. This is
            an old-fashioned expression, which is used in
            British English.
            'Can he not speak for himself?' 'He can,'
            Dermot said. 'Put a sock in it, all of you '

            socks
            4

            If you say that something or someone
            knocks your socks off, you are saying in a
            light hearted way that they are very good and
            that you are very impressed by them. If they
            knock the socks off other people or things,
            they are much better than the others. You can
            replace 'knock' with other verbs such

            'blow' or 'beat'.
            I had heard he had some

            produce something that's vivid and dynamic
            and vital.
            'We're going to dance our socks off tonight,*
            said Chris de Burgh at the start of his show
            last Friday.
            England will go into their World Cup qualifi.
            er against Holland tomorrow without Waddle,
            one of our most gifted footballers and currently
            playing his socks off for Sheffield Wednesday.

            soft

            sock
            put a sock in it

            knock your socks off
            knock the socks off someone

            song

            360

            as

            wonderful plans
            that he was going to bring forward. Someone
            told me that the economic plan would knock
            your socks off.
            As a dancer he knocked the socks off everybody.
            When his IQ was measured, he had beaten
            the socks off all the other kids in the compound.
            pull your socks up
            If someone tells you to pull your socks up,
            they want you to try hard to improve your
            behaviour or work. This expression is used in
            British English.
            No matter how bad you think your problem
            is, they've probably heard worse - and more
            trivial too Nobody's going to say. 'Pull your

            socks up. '
            In a way what happened last season gave us
            a necessary jolt. Maybe we needed to pull our
            socks up and we are trying to do just that.

            work your socks off
            If you work your socks off, you work as
            hard and as well as you can You can use this
            expression with many other verbs, especially
            verbs related to performing such as 'dance',
            'act', and ‘play'.
            / can see that the lecturers have really tried
            their hardest. They've worked their socks off to

            If you accuse someone or something of being
            soft as shit, you are criticizing them for being
            very weak or sentimental. This is a very
            informal expression, which is used in British
            English. Many people consider it offensive.
            When we came out we went up Strelley
            Woods, and everything started again. I'm as
            soft as shit where women are concerned.
            When I heard that this album was inspired
            by your wedding, I feared it was gonna be soft
            as shite.
            ‘Shite' is a variation of ‘shit' which is used
            in non-standard British English.

            song
            for a song

            44

            If something is going for a song, it is being
            sold for an unexpectedly low price.
            One marvellous touch of good fortune was to
            find a rug at Bennison in London, which was
            going for a song as it had been cut.
            I know of good, solid, stone-built houses
            which have been sold by councils for a song.
            Brandt was later to experiment with an ancient
            mahogany and brass camera which he
            picked up for a song in a Covent Garden shop

            a song and dance about
            something
            4
            If you accuse someone of making a song
            and dance about something, you mean that
            they are reacting in a very anxious, excited,
            or angry way to something that is not important
            This expression is used mainly in British
            English.
            The other 49 members made a great song and
            dance about it but they calmed down soon

            make

            enough.

            You'll be relieved to know I'm not going to
            make a song and dance about it.
            You can also just talk about a song and

            dance.

            You're within your rights to ask for the situation
            to be rectified. There's no need for a song
            and dance, but it shows you're prepared to be
            assertive.

            on song

            44

            If a sports player is on song, they are play

                evince -p 380 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            •

            well This expression is used mainly
            journalism.

            Irtish
            >n "
            n i

            was on

            song, I knew opponents

            me. I felt I could take anyone on
            c°‘‘Idn't
            _/v needs one or two players to malfunc
            11
            we'H be in trouble. The whole team
            stop

            sore
            a
            a

            spaae

            361

            sore

            sore point

            sore spotsay

            sound
            44

            that a subject is a sore point
            or
            a sore spot for them if it
            someone
            with
            makes them feel angry, embarrassed, or
            upset
            The continuing presence of foreign troops remains
            a very sore point with these students.
            We were approaching a sore spot for him,
            and we both knew it.
            In the survey, the lack of access to sophistical
            ed medical equipment was one of the sore
            points for Canadian physicians.
            If you touch or hit someone's sore point
            or sore spot, you mention something which
            makes them feel angry, embarrassed, or
            you can

            upset.

            The mention of Jim Kennedy had touched
            her sore spot.
            His uneasiness increased when I asked about
            Dr Guzman In fact it was clear then, by the
            stiffening of the old priest's face, that my ques
            lion hit a sore point

            4

            they

            drink a lot of alcohol in order to forget something
            sad or upsetting that has happened to
            them.
            His girlfriend dumped him so he went off to

            the pub to drown his sorrows.
            He could hardly bear to part with her. and
            drowned his sorrows in whisky on their last
            night together

            Soul

            bare your soul

            sound as a bell
            If you say that something is as sound as a
            bell, you mean that it is in a very good condi
            tlon or is very reliable.
            Timber that is as sound as a bell after 50
            years under water or in dry air is quite capable
            of rotting completely in two years or less
            at the junction of soil and air.

            soup
            in the soup

            4

            If you are in the soup, you are in trouble.
            She has a knack of landing herself right in
            the soup
            'It's not fair,' he grumbled to himself 'They
            bring you back from London and second day
            on the job they drop you in the soup. '
            A recession could put oil markets right back
            in the soup.

            spade

            sorrows
            drown your sorrows
            If someone drowns their sorrows,

            ing their principles or doing something they
            consider wrong.
            .As the Co-operative movement approaches its
            150th anniversary, Clive Woodcock examines
            growing fears that U may have sold its soul to
            commercial pressures.
            We have sold our soul to the devil, we do anything
            for money.

            4

            If you bare your soul to someone, you tell
            them all the thoughts and feelings that are
            most important to you.
            We all need someone we can bare our souls
            to, someone we can confide in
            Open to the point of indiscretion, he continues
            to bare his soul in public even though his
            frankness has caused grief.
            sell your soul
            44
            If someone sells their soul for something,
            they do whatever they need to in order to get
            "'hat they want, even if it involves abandon

            4
            call a spade a spade
            If you call a spade a spade, you speak

            frankly and directly about something, espe
            cially if it is controversial or embarrassing,
            rather than being careful about what you say.
            I'm not at all secretive, and I'm pretty good
            at calling a spade a spade.
            The over-use of terms such as 'good judgments'
            or 'poor judgments' is weakening us. We
            are losing the capacity - and the courage - to
            call a spade a spade.
            Sometimes people vary this expression.
            either to point out that a description of something
            is not as clear or as simple as it could
            be, or to indicate that someone is speaking
            frankly and directly about a particular issue.
            Why call a spade a gardening implement
            when you can call it a spade?
            O If you want to say that someone is being
            extremely frank and direct about something,
            or more frank and direct than you think is
            necessary, you can say that they call a spade

            a shovel.

            Nicola is refreshingly down to-earth and not
            spade a bloody shovel if she
            has to.

            afraid to call a


                evince -p 381 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            spades
            spades
            in spades

            sparks
            44

            If you have something in spades, you have
            a lot of it.
            Consciously or not. if you're looking for trouble
            in love, chances are you'll find it In

            spades.

            All this effort has paid off in spades

            spanner
            throw a spanner in the works
            put a spanner in the works

            44

            If someone or something throws a spanner
            in the works, they cause problems which
            prevent something from happening in the way
            that it was planned. This expression is used
            in British English, the American expression
            is throw a wrench or a monkey wrench
            into the works.
            For Britain to throw a spanner in the works
            could damage the prospects of a treaty being
            successfully concluded.
            The role of the US in throwing a spanner
            into the diplomatic works is a sore point with
            Tickell.
            This expression is often varied. For exam
            pie, you can also say that someone or something
            puts a spanner in the works.
            They will not want to risk a reversal of this
            process by putting a spanner in the works at

            this stage
            Apart from local objections to the planned
            visitors' centre, another possible spanner in the
            works is the Government's planned rerouting
            of the A303, which currently runs 200 yards
            from the site.
            Instead of saying ‘in the works', people
            sometimes mention the process in which the
            problem is caused.
            If you throw a spanner into the treaty negotiations,
            they will fail.

            spark
            a bright spark

            4

            If you refer to someone as a bright spark,
            you mean that they are intelligent and lively.
            This expression is used mainly in British
            English.

            It was totally demoralizing because in the
            third form we'd been real bright sparks.
            You usually use this expression ironically
            to criticize someone for being foolish, or to refer
            scornfully to someone.
            You'd think the bright sparks who come up
            with these madcap ideas would have learned
            their lesson.
            It never does to make jokes like that nowadays
            some bright spark is bound to be listen
            -

            ing.

            speed

            362

            sparks fly:1
            n
            If sparks fly between two people, they dig.
            cuss something in an angry or excited way.
            From what J have seen of them on their regu.
            lar magazine show This Morning, they are not
            afraid to tackle the issues or let the sparks fty
            when necessary
            France's bank may initially have to take an
            even harder line on interest rates than Germa.
            ny's Wait for the sparks to fly.
            sparks fly: 2
            You can say that sparks fly when you are
            describing a situation or relationship that is
            very exciting.
            Whenever two such quality artists meet, you
            know sparks will fly.
            Then, apparently without warning, he leaned
            over Serena to give her a tender kiss. Sparks
            were flying, l can tell you.

            strike sparks off each other
            If people who are trying to achieve something
            together strike sparks off each other.
            they react to each other in a very exciting or
            creative way. This expression is used mainly
            in British English.
            It was to be a fertile association, the two men
            striking the creative sparks from each other
            that ensured whatever they did was an assault
            on traditional ideas of architectural propriety.

            speed
            bring someone up to speed: 1
            get up to speed
            4
            If you bring someone up to speed, you give
            them all the latest information about something.
            If you get up to speed, you make sure
            that you have all the latest information about
            something. You can then say that you are up
            to speed.
            I guess I should bring you up to speed on
            what's been happening since l came to see you
            yesterday
            The president has been getting up to speed on
            foreign policy.
            We have interviews, we have music, and generally
            keep people informed and entertained
            and thoroughly up to speed with what's going
            on in town.

            bring something up to speed: 2
            4
            get up to speed
            If you bring something up to speed or if it
            gets up to speed, it reaches its highest level
            of efficiency. 'Come' is sometimes used instead
            of 'get', and you can also say that something
            is up to speed
            The fear is that the system will not be cheap
            to bring up to speed.
            Grape production will decline steadily for the


                evince -p 382 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            spick
            It's not expected to get back up
            year 2002.
            neX‘j!ed
            untftte
            10
            would have time to come
            te(]

            industries

            l>r°.ÿ \Deed before being exposed to market
            forces.
            to speed in 1990. the plant will em
            Op

            and create three times that
            '**3.000 people
            jobs for parts

            number of

            suppliers in nearby

            Communities.
            spick

            and span
            *
            say that a place or a person is spick
            you
            If
            and span, you mean that they are very dean,
            neat, and tidy
            When she arrived here this morning she had

            spick

            making sure
            her
            1 busied myself sorting through and arrang
            ing the equipment. Our campsite was again
            spic and span
            O You can also use spick-and-span before a

            Ann dusting the furniture,
            foundhome
            was spick and span.

            noun

            Its bright new buildings, where 2,000 people
            will eventually work, already resemble a spic
            and span Japanese car plant.
            'Spick' is sometimes spelled 'spic'.

            spin
            in a spin
            in a flat spin
            4
            If someone is in a spin, they are so angry,
            confused, or excited that they cannot act sensibly
            or concentrate on what they are doing.
            You can also say that they are in a flat spin
            These expressions are used mainly in British

            English.
            Perot started his morning each day reading
            the papers. 'It would put the guy in a spin all
            day long. ' said one member of the staff. 'When
            ever there was a comment from one of us in the
            paper, he would call up and say, 'This is how
            you should have said it! This is how you
            should have done it differently'!'
            The flautist's long blonde hair and sexy even
            tng frocks have set the classical music world
            into a spin.
            There's no need to go into a flat spin. It was
            a perfectly reasonable request to make.

            spit

            sPit and polish
            You can talk about spit and polish when
            you are talking about a place or person being
            very clean or being made very clean.
            The bar. which had been open for two
            months now. was all spit and polish and good
            taste.
            If you're in need of more than just a bit cf

            spoKe

            363

            some body scrubs do offer ex
            tra help
            spit and sawdust
            If you describe a place such as a pub or a
            bar as a spit and sawdust place, you mean
            that it looks dirty, untidy, and nol very respectable.
            This expression is used in British
            spit and polish,

            English

            That night they squeezed into denim and
            leather to perform with their rock and roll
            band in the spit and sawdust Waterfront club.
            There's the Compasses in the High Street if
            it's spit and sawdust you're after
            the spitting image
            the spit and image
            4
            the dead spit
            If you say that one person is the spitting
            image of another, you mean that the first person
            looks exactly like the second.
            He is the spitting image of his father. He is
            going to be tall, just like his dad.
            Now Nina looks the spitting image of Audrey
            Hepburn in Homan Holiday
            People occasionally use the spit and image
            or the dead spit to mean the same thing.
            They're crazy about six month-old baby
            Caleb, who everybody says is the spit and im
            age of his daddy.
            He had a handsome face, the dead spit of
            Tikhonov, the film actor

            splash
            make a splash
            If someone makes a

            splash, they attract a
            lot of attention because of something successful
            that they do or by the way they behave on
            a particular occasion.
            He loves playing there, he made his first big
            splash in the game there in 1977 when he made
            the semi-finals as a qualifier
            Japan has made a major splash here at the
            Earth Summit by demonstrating its technologi
            cal prowess in the area of the environment.
            Mrs Gorman has made quite a splash at
            Westminster with her outspoken views and colourful
            and expensive clothes.

            spoke
            put a spoke in someone's wheel
            If you put a spoke in someone's wheel, you
            deliberately make it difficult for them to do
            what they are planning to do. This expression
            is used mainly in British English.
            If she had known he was seeing Tinsley, she
            undoubtedly would have tried to put a spoke in
            his wheel.
            Gurusinha and Ranatunga are brilliant play
            ers but they won't get far themselves - although
            they could pul a spoke in someone else's
            wheel.


                evince -p 383 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            spoon
            spoon
            the wooden spoon

            on the spot:1
            44

            If someone is last in a race or competition
            or is the worst at a particular activity, you
            can say that they get the wooden spoon.
            This expression is used in British English.
            England must beat the defending champions
            Scotland today to avoid their first wooden
            spoon in the event's 49-year history.
            Britain's bureaucrats won the EU's wooden
            spoon yesterday, as the worst linguists in Brussels.
            You can use wooden spoon before a noun.
            The 32-year-old Scotland captain reacted
            sharply to questions about his intentions after
            today's Five Nations wooden spoon decider
            against France at Murrayfield.
            Scotland, who finished second in the Five Nations
            Championship, have bagged eight places
            on the British team, while the wooden-spoon
            winners Wales have taken four

            spot
            a blind spot

            44

            If you describe something as a blind spot of
            yours, you mean that you do not understand
            it or know anything about it. although you
            feel that perhaps you should.
            Computers are a blind spot with me.
            My problem is that I don't really notice ad
            vertising pages. It's always been a blind spot of
            mine, so I can't comment on that.
            His is a world of moral peaks and troughs;
            he is highly moral in some areas and has complete
            blind spots in others.

            have a soft spot for someone
            444
            If you say that you have a soft spot for
            someone or something, you mean that you
            like them or care about them a lot.
            It looked to me as if he had a soft spot for
            Mrs Frazer and didn't like what was happen
            ing to her.
            I've always had a very soft spot for hardy geraniums
            and although I have several dozen

            different varieties already. I am always delight
            ed to try something new.

            hit the spot

            4

            If you say that something hits the spot, you
            mean that it is very good and succeeds in
            pleasing people.
            Les Blair's improvised drama hits the spot,
            with an intelligent eye for detail which provides
            a refreshing and relaxed portrait of the

            chaos of real life.
            She has worked for the company for 38 years
            and, despite the generation gap, when she was
            asked what she thought, she reckoned the advert
            hit the right spot perfectly.

            spots

            364

            If an action is taken on the spot, it is carried
            out immediately.
            Watch out for sales staff who say you'll get 0
            special discount or prize if you sign on the
            spot.

            Cissie's problem was that she had been
            sacked on the spot without a reference.
            I was afraid they would kill me on the spot.
            You can also use on-the-spot before a

            noun.

            Lady Porter, the leader of Westminster City
            Council, said the time had come for on the-spot
            fines for litter louts.

            on the spot: 2

            444

            Someone who is on the spot is in the place
            where something that you are talking about is

            actually happening.
            Park agents are on the spot to supervise
            cleaning and servicing between lettings and
            look after the people using the caravan
            The Guard has firefighters on the spot the minute
            a fire is sighted.
            The first that reporters on the spot knew
            about the release of Mr. Mann was when they
            heard a news flash on a local radio station.
            You can use on-the-spot before a noun to
            say that something actually happens in the
            place that you are talking about.
            The Austrian government has dispatched a
            group of experts to Thailand to begin an onthe-spot investigation.
            There is little point in providing on-the-spot
            help while the fighting continues.

            on the spot: 3

            444

            If you say that someone puts you on the
            spot, you mean that they put you in a difficult
            situation which you cannot avoid, for example
            by making you answer difficult questions.
            You shouldn't ask a player about how his
            manager is coping. You put Gary on the spot
            and that's very unfair
            If I was put on the spot in a witness box during
            a terrorist trial, l should certainly try to
            persuade the judge not to compel me to reveal
            my source.
            It may be unexpected or come from people you
            feel self-conscious saying no to, and you may
            feel on the spot.

            spots
            4
            knock spots off something
            If you say that one thing or person knocks
            spots off another, you mean that the first is
            much better than the second. This expression

            is used in British English.
            I'm looking forward to the return of their
            chat show. It knocks spots off all the others.
            Caroline didn't have much experience as a


                evince -p 384 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            spout
            off everyone else
            was so charming and

            but she knocked spots

            'id interviewed - she
            friendlyspout
            UP

            squib

            365

            the spout:1

            If you say that something is up the spout,
            ,,ou mean that it is completely ruined or
            hopeless. This expression is used in British

            English
            The money's disappeared, so has he, and the
            whole bloody scheme's up the spout

            The economy's up the spout
            up the spout: 2
            If someone says that a woman is up the
            spout, they mean that she is pregnant, and
            usually that this is a problem rather than a
            good thing. This is an informal expression,
            which is used in British English. Some people
            find it offensive
            There was always somebody up the spout,
            and there were some very strange marriages
            between young girls in the village and quite
            middle-aged farmers.

            sprat
            a sprat to catch a mackerel
            If you describe something you do as a sprat
            to catch a mackerel, you mean that it Involves
            a small sacrifice or a small amount of
            effort, but you are expecting that it will bring
            you great rewards or benefits. This is an oldfashioned expression, which is used in British
            English.
            As a sprat to catch the American mackerel,
            MITI is now offering to share the patents resulting
            from the joint research with foreign
            participants.

            spring
            no spring chicken
            4
            If you say that someone is no spring chicken,
            you mean that they are no longer young.
            You often use this expression when you think
            someone's behaviour Is inappropriate or sur

            prising for their age.
            At 51. she's certainly no spring chicken.
            At 85. he is no spring chicken, but Enrico
            Cuccia is busier than ever.
            The idea of playing it up as a great romance
            was a mistake. Neither of them is a spring

            chicken.

            If you describe someone as a spring chicken,
            you mean that they are very young or
            seem younger than they really are.
            Mick said the others are all spring chickens.

            spur
            on the spur of the moment

            444

            If you do something on the spur of the mo
            ment, you do it suddenly and without plan
            ning it in advance.

            He had decided on the spur of the moment to
            make the journey south to Newcastle.
            This murder was done on the spur of the moment,
            and it was pure luck that there was no
            one around to see it.
            A spur-of-the-moment action or decision
            is sudden and has not been planned in ad
            vance.

            reflect in their sen
            the difference between a planned killing
            and a spur-of-the-moment emotional crime.
            Judges currently cannot

            tencing

            spurs
            earn your spurs
            win your spurs

            44

            If you say that someone has earned their
            spurs or has won their spurs, you mean that
            they have shown they are capable of doing
            something well, and can be relied on to do it
            well in the future. This expression is used
            mainly in British English
            How did he earn his spurs for the toughest
            police job in the country?
            Kampelman had won his spurs as U.S. nego
            tiator at the Madrid talks.

            square
            back to square one
            back at square one
            from square one
            444
            If you say that someone is back to square
            one, you are emphasizing that they have
            failed completely in what they were trying to
            do. so that now they have to start again. You
            can also say that someone is back at square
            one or starts from square one
            So we are back to square one. Their costly
            intervention has been for nothing, a carefully
            constructed peace process lies in rums.
            Defeat leaves Britain back at square one and

            with little still to show for the £55 million of
            investment in the infrastructure of the game

            over the past decade

            The new board will
            from square one.
            on the square

            apparently be starting

            If you say that someone is on the square.
            you mean that they are being totally honest
            with you. This expression is used mainly in
            American English.
            Most say they plan to vote for the ClintonGore ticket. "Anything is belter than what we
            got. At least he's on the square. '

            squib
            a damp squib

            44

            If you describe something as a damp squib,
            you are criticizing it for being much less im

                evince -p 385 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            stack
            pressive or exciting than you expected it to
            be. This expression is used mainly in British
            English.
            As political scandals go it was a damp squib.
            and in Central Office it was greeted with hilarity
            and relief rather than indignation.
            Those pictures we were promised turned out
            to be a damp squib - I thought they would be
            much more exciting.

            stack
            blow your stack
            If you blow your stack, you become very
            angry with someone and shout at them. This
            expression is used mainly in American English.
            ‘You told me that your parents were very forgiving.
            They let you do anything. ' ‘Yeah, that
            used to be true. But my father really blew his

            stack over this. '
            Whenever 1 feel like l‘m going to scream or
            blow my stack or punch Louise in the teeth, I
            head for my quiet place.
            stack the deck
            stack the cards
            <
            If someone stacks the deck or stacks the
            cards, they arrange a situation unfairly
            against you. or in their own favour. 'Stack
            the deck' is used only in American English.
            Compare not play with a full deck; see
            deck.
            There are many different ways an insurance
            company can fix it, stack the deck so that they
            don't sell insurance in an area where they
            don ‘t want to have consumers.
            The President Is doing everything in his power
            to stack the cards in his favour and guarantee
            his regime's return to power.

            stage
            set the stage for something
            the stage is set

            standan

            366

            444

            To set the stage for something means to
            make preparations so that the thing can happen.
            You can also say the stage is set.
            Jamaica's prime minister set the stage for a
            snap election this month by announcing candi
            dates for his People's National Party.
            The agreement sets the stage for renewed nuclear
            arms reduction talks and paves the way
            for a superpower summit later this year.
            Whatever the popular despondency at the
            slowing economy, one benefit has been to check
            inflation. Conceivably, therefore, the stage is set
            for economic recovery.

            stake
            go to the stake
            If you say that you would go to the stake
            to defend something, you mean that you are

            absolutely certain that you are right about iÿ
            and you are prepared to suffer the consequences
            of defending it. This is an old.
            fashioned expression, which is used mainly
            British English
            Few universities would go to the stake to defend the National Union of Students; but. as
            debate at the Committee of Vice-Chancellors
            and Principals on July 3 showed, our own student
            unions are another matter.
            He admitted several staff had keys but said:
            'They are all trustworthy. I would go to the
            stake for all of them.'

            stall
            set out your stall
            If you set out your stall to achieve some
            thing, you make all the necessary plans

            or ar
            rangements. and show that you are determined
            to achieve it. This expression is used
            in British English.
            He has set out his stall to retain his place in
            Europe's Ryder Cup team.
            He called on me over the weekend to set out
            his stall about a great annual festival tv celebrate
            London's river.
            I was lucky in that l was given a specific job
            to do. It helped because I could focus my
            thoughts on it and set my stall out accordingly.

            stand
            44
            stand up and be counted
            If you are willing to stand up and be
            counted, you are willing to state publicly
            your support for or rejection of something, especially
            when this is difficult or controversial.

            This kind of demonstration should not be necessary
            but we are here because we want to
            stand up and be counted.
            Although she knew such measures would
            hurt sales from her state, Senator Kaffenbaum
            said the United States had to be prepared to
            stand up and be counted.
            Will we, as members of the Senate and the
            House, have the guts to stand up and be counted
            on this issue or will we scurry and run and
            hide and say, ‘Let the president do it"?

            _

            standard
            •4 -4 4
            the standard bearer
            If you say that someone is the standard
            bearer of an organization or a group of people
            who have the same aims or interests, you
            mean that they act as the leader or representative
            of the organization or group.
            There is clearly a civil war going on for the
            ideological soul of the Tory Party and 41-yearold Portillo sees himself as the standard-bearer
            of the right
            Inevitably, the public perception of her is that
            of a standard bearer for women jockeys.


                evince -p 386 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            et&r®

            stars
            h for the sky
            the
            for
            reach for the moon
            re

            ‘

            fach reach for the stars or reach for the
            if vou
            y0U are very ambitious and try hard to
            'rhieve
            something, even though it may be
            You can also say that you
            difficult.
            aCrv
            ve
            for the moon. You can replace ‘reach'
            r

            44

            other verbs such as 'shoot' or ‘aim'.
            ready to move on in your career,
            you're
            If
            teep your feet firmly on the ground while
            itj)

            reaching for the stars!
            Liverpool have already reached for the skies
            and they have made it. But they can only go
            fouin now and my boys can still grow up.
            It is better to succeed in changing your diet
            gradually, than to shoot for the moon and then
            give up and go hack to your old habits because
            you couldn't meet your own aspirations.

            stars in your eyes
            If you say that someone has stars in their
            eyes, you mean that they are very hopeful

            and excited about things which they expect to
            happen to them in the future. You often use
            this expression to suggest that they are naive
            and their hopes are unlikely to come true.
            We had stars in our eyes last weekend. Now
            we know what it is all about.
            With stars in my eyes, / set about becoming a
            guitarist, singer and songwriter.

            starter
            under starter's orders
            If you say that someone is under starter's
            orders, you mean that they are ready to do a
            task or job, and can begin doing it immediately
            if necessary. This expression is used in

            British English.

            The Tories have been effectively pul under
            starter's orders as they gather for tomorrow's

            Party

            conference.

            The Vice-President can hardly deny that he
            under starter's orders since the need to provide
            for a legitimate successor if a president
            dies is the sole reason why his job exists.
            0 This expression is more commonly used in
            talking about horse racing. When the horses
            *n a race are under starter's orders, they
            are in the correct position at the start of the
            face, and are waiting for the signal for the
            face to begin.
            is

            state
            *he state of play
            If someone tells you what the state of play
            «, they tell you about the current situation.
            This expression is used in British English.
            for a synopsis of the state of play in funda
            L

            steam

            367

            stars

            mental physics, his new book would be hard to
            better.
            Ben Willmott gives you the state of play on
            marijuana and the law.

            steam
            full steam ahead

            4

            If you go full steam ahead with a project,
            you start to carry it out in a thorough and de
            termined way.
            The Government was determined to go full
            steam ahead with its privatisation programme.
            Mrs Thatcher declared it was full steam
            ahead for a fourth term of government.

            let off steam
            blow off steam
            44
            If you let off steam or blow off steam, you
            do or say something which helps you to get
            rid of your strong feelings about something.
            ‘Let off steam' is used mainly in British Eng
            lish and ‘blow off steam' is used mainly in
            American English.
            This special session will give politicians a
            chance to let off steam.
            I was so frustrated l pulled the truck over to
            the side of the road, got out. and took a long
            walk. I just had to let off steam.
            He may also experience reactions to stress.
            blowing off steam by turning violently on his
            wife and children.

            pick up steam
            4
            If something such as a process picks up
            steam, it starts to become stronger or more
            active.
            Boskin said the economy should pick up
            steam next year.
            Just as the presidential campaign was picking
            up steam, riots exploded in Los Angeles.

            run out of steam
            If something such as a process runs out of
            steam, it becomes weaker or less active, and
            often stops completely.
            The US is in a triple dip of recession The
            promised recovery ran out of steam, the economy
            is slowing sharply and consumer spending
            is falling.
            A recent government study has confirmed that
            gold panning and mahogany extraction are
            running out of steam in this area of eastern
            Amazonia.

            under your own steam:1
            If you go somewhere under your own
            steam, you make your own arrangements for
            the journey, rather than letting someone else
            organize it for you.
            Most hotels organise tours to inland beauty
            spots, but car hire is cheap enough to consoler
            taking off into the hills under your own steam


                evince -p 387 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            stem
            under your own steam: 2
            If you do something under your own
            steam, you do it on your own and without
            help from anyone else.
            He left the group convinced he could do better
            under his own steam.

            stem
            stem the tide
            stem the flow

            stick

            368

            444

            If you stem the tide or stem the flow of
            something undesirable which is happening on
            a large scale, you get control of it and stop it.
            He argued that Germany already has enough
            to do to stem the tide of foreigners seeking political
            asylum.
            The Kenyan authorities seem powerless to
            stem the rising tide of violence.
            Mexico may have lost up to S2 billion in
            foreign-exchange reserves in June, before interest
            rates were raised to stem the flow.

            stew
            in a stew
            If you say that someone is in a stew, you
            mean that they are very worried about something.
            This is a fairly old-fashioned expression.

            He's been in a stew since early this morning.
            ‘She was having trouble finding something,
            wasn't she?' ‘Yeah, she was in a bit of a stew. '
            let someone stew in their own juice

            let someone stew
            4
            leave someone to stew
            If you let someone stew in their own juice

            or let them stew, you deliberately leave them
            to worry about something, for example the
            consequence of their actions, and do not do
            anything to comfort or help them. You can
            also say that you leave someone to stew.
            But what if the opposition leader refuses to
            take part in the elections? It will now be tempting
            for the government to let him stew in his

            own juice.

            7 thought you might have pressed him on
            that, sir. ‘ ‘I'd rather let him stew, ' said Thome.
            ‘We'll get more out of him that way in the end. '
            The government should be left for a time to
            stew in its own problems.

            stick
            carry a big stick
            wield a big stick
            4
            If someone carries a big stick, they have a
            lot of power, and so they can get what they
            want. If they wield a big stick, they have
            this power and use it. Compare carrot and
            stick; see carrot.
            Delegates from the Organisation of American

            States flew to Haiti to demand the return (gj
            power of President Jean-Bertrand Aristpu
            They carried a big stick. The OAS had mount. 1
            ed a trade blockade against the new regirÿl
            Haiti was fast running out of oil.
            The company has a history of talking softly
            But it wields a big stick. Over the past JQJ
            years it has built itself up into the biggest
            brand in the world and now controls 44 p#
            cent of the global market.
            Big stick is used in many other
            with a similar meaning.
            President Clinton has presented his opponents
            with a big stick, and they have not hesitated to
            clobber him with it.
            They wanted peace, he said, but this big stick
            policy was forcing them into war.

            ]

            I

            structure*!

            get a lot of stick
            give someone stick
            444
            If you get a lot of stick or if someone gives
            you stick, you are criticized, often in an unfair
            way or for something that is not your
            fault. These expressions are used in British
            English.
            / got a lot of stick when we returned from the
            India tour and some of it I deserved. I had a
            disastrous tour, the worst of all l have been on.
            The critics gave me a lot of stick for some of
            my wooden performances but I gradually improved.
            1 am not one of these people who will change
            my views merely because l have been getting a
            bit of stick myself. My views would not be affected
            by that.

            get the short end of the stick

            4

            If someone gets the short end of the stick,
            they end up in a worse position than other
            people in a particular situation, although this
            is not their fault. This expression is used
            mainly in American English.
            Kids and young families get the short end of
            the stick because they don't get the kind of support
            that they need and the taxpayer ends up
            picking up the tab.
            As usual it's the consumer who gets the short
            end of the stick.

            get the wrong end of the stick
            get hold of the wrong end of the
            <
            stick
            If someone gets the wrong end of the stick
            or gets hold of the wrong end of the stick,
            they completely misunderstand something, or
            completely miss someone's point.
            Men are assigned the roles of heading their
            family, but unfortunately too many men have
            got the wrong end of the stick. They might perceive
            headship as meaning that they must be
            the main breadwinner for the family.
            People are so easily confused, so readily get

            J


                evince -p 388 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            wrong end

            5*

            of the

            stick,

            so easily

            of
            English

            in a cleft stick. On
            nebbie now finds herself
            **
            Security
            Social
            refuse to pay her
            hand.
            the one

            money. On the other hand, she is being
            and hassled by debt collectors, wanting
            just that money which she doesn't have.
            things than you can shake a

            more

            mirsued

            more

            stick at

            stiff
            stiff as a board

            is in a cleft stick, they are in a
            which they cannot get out
            situation
            a fficult
            easily This expression is used in British

            *

            If you say that you have more things than
            you can shake a stick at, you are emphasizing
            that you have a very large number of

            them.

            I've replanted more geraniums than you can

            shake a stick at.

            My daughter had more nappy rash creams
            than you could shake a stick at.
            4
            stick in your throat: 1
            If something sticks in your throat, it makes
            you annoyed or impatient. 'Craw' and 'gullet'
            are sometimes used instead of ‘throat'.
            Smith is an excellent climber and it must
            have stuck in this throat to have had to sacrifice
            personal glory for the team.
            But it sticks in my craw that such people
            think that they still have something to tell the
            rest of us about politics, economics, history or
            morality.

            stick in your throat: 2
            If you say that a particular word sticks in
            your throat, you mean that you cannot say it
            or dislike saying it, because it does not express
            your real feelings or because it makes

            you feel uncomfortable.
            She found it impossible to utter the usual
            terms of maternal endearment: words such as
            'darling' or 'pet' stuck in her throat.
            She wanted to ask if he had news of Keith.
            but the words stuck in her throat.

            a stick to beat someone with
            If you say that something is a stick to beat
            you mean that it can be used
            to cause embarrassment or difficulty for them.
            This expression is used in British English.
            Surprisingly, the opposition, usually eager to
            find any stick to beat the government with, is
            refusing to comment on the affair.
            The Greek prime minister is caught between
            ultra-nationalists on his right and a Socialist
            opposition that will use any stick to beat the

            someone with,

            government.

            Reformers have been using the issue of coras
            a stick with which to beat the hardline
            old guard.
            ruption

            stitches

            369

            ticK

            If your body is very stiff, you can say that
            you are as stiff as a board or that your body
            is as stiff as a board
            Maxine emphasises that you can gain an
            amount of flexibility very quickly - even if you
            are as stiff as a board at your first session
            His lower back felt as stiff as a board.

            sting
            a sting in the tail
            If you say that something such as a remark
            or proposal has a sting in the tail, you mean
            that although most of it seems welcome or
            pleasing, it contains an unpleasant part at the

            end. This expression is used in British Eng
            lish.
            Even the remark about Chomsky being ‘arguably
            the most important intellectual alive' had
            a sting in its tail. The sentence read: ‘arguably
            the most important intellectual alive, how can
            he write such nonsense about international af
            fairs?'

            The resolution had a sting in the tail. It said
            that the entire military aid package would be
            suspended if the country failed to make progress
            on the economic front.

            take the sting out of something
            If something takes the sting out of an unpleasant
            situation, it makes it less unpleasant

            or painful.
            His calmness surprised her and helped to
            take the sting out of her anger
            The most serious situation can be viewed
            with humour and that always helps to take the
            sting out cf hard facts

            stitch
            a stitch in time
            a stitch in time saves nine
            If someone says "a stitch in

            time', they

            mean that it is better to deal with a problem
            in its early stages, in order to prevent it get
            ting

            worse.

            The adage ‘a stitch in time' is never more
            true than with a steel boat's paintwork: one
            must be immediately ready to touch up the
            chips that inevitably occur in order to prevent
            a bigger job later.
            This expression comes from the proverb a
            stitch in time saves nine

            stitches
            in stitches
            If someone or something has you in
            stitches, they make you laugh a lot.
            Outrageous American comedienne Thea
            Vidale plans to have the north of England in


                evince -p 389 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            stone
            stitches as she tops the bill at the Liverpool
            Festival of Comedy.
            If you have an unusual talent or a novel party
            piece that leaves your friends and family in
            stitches, then Clarke Television Productions
            want to hear from you.

            stone

            absentee father, who is a rolling stone to
            day.

            this

            If you say that someone is gathering
            moss, you mean that they have stayed in the
            same place for a long time.
            The old families die out or move on, or stay
            and gather moss.

            a stone's throw

            44
            leave no stone unturned
            If you leave no stone unturned in your ef
            forts to find something or achieve something,
            you consider or try every possible way of doing
            it.
            In the difficult weeks ahead, we'll leave no
            stone unturned in our search for a peaceful solution
            of the crisis.
            We will leave no stone unturned to keep our
            position as the world's number one football
            club.
            They were contacted personally by telephone
            at their home by the New Zealand police minister.
            who promised no stone would be left un
            turned in the hunt for the killer.

            not set in stone

            stops

            370

            4

            If you say that something such as an agreement,
            policy, or rule is not set in stone, you
            are pointing out that it is not permanent and
            that it can be changed. Other verbs such as
            ‘carved' or ‘cast' can be used instead of ‘set'.
            Promises made two or three years before an
            election are not set in stone and can be
            changed.
            He is merely throwing the idea forward for
            discussion, it is not cast in stone.
            Parents should not view a single IQ score as
            an indicator of their child's intelligence, carved
            in stone.

            a rolling stone gathers no moss
            a rolling stone
            gather moss
            People say ‘a rolling stone gathers no
            moss' when they want to point out that if a
            person keeps moving from one place to another,
            they will not get many friends or possessions.
            Some people use this proverb to say
            that it Is a bad thing to keep moving like this,
            and it is better to be settled. Other people use
            this proverb to suggest that it is a good thing
            to keep moving and changing, and not be tied
            down.
            If he was going to say that a rolling stone
            gathers no moss, that never having a family
            would be one of the penalties I would have to
            pay if l spent my life on the road, I was going
            to prove him wrong on that. too.
            You can refer to a person who does not settle
            down as a rolling stone.
            But throughout it all, Greta has found the desire
            and courage to keep in contact with her

            If you describe one place as a stone's throw
            from another, you mean that the first place is
            very close to the second.
            Burke found employment and rented a flat a
            stone's throw from their former, rather grand
            house.
            The Diplomatic Service Wires Association is
            housed in a large room in the Foreign Office in
            London, a stone's throw away from Westminster.
            Just a stone's throw away is the home he
            shares with his wife and daughter.
            The cellars are within a stone's throw of the
            church where Dom Pfrignon, the legendary
            creator of champagne, was buried

            stools
            fall between two stools
            caught between two stools
            4
            If someone or something falls between two
            stools, they are In an unsatisfactory situation
            because they do not belong to either of two
            groups or categories, or because they are trying
            to do two different things at once and are
            failing at both. You can also say that someone
            is caught between two stools. These expressions
            are used mainly in British English.
            Labour says that young people on waiting
            lists for youth training fall between two stools.
            They can't get unemployment benefit, nor can
            they get the allowance for the scheme they're
            waiting to get on.
            Devo's problem remains the same: they are
            caught between the two stools of art and pop,
            operating on the fringes of both but easily dismissed
            by both for failing to be, respectively,
            serious or rampantly commercially successful
            This expression can be varied.
            The album has fallen between stools to a certain
            extent.
            The UN missions so far have fallen between
            all stools, and are in danger of merely prolonging
            the conflict

            stops
            pull out all the stops
            444
            If you pull out all the stops, you do everything
            you possibly can to make something
            happen in the way that you want it to.
            Don't worry about taking foreign assignments,
            because if anything goes wrong, we're
            going to pull out all the stops to get you out

            J


                evince -p 390 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            storage
            close at a time when everybody
            came so
            the stakes were and the government
            fja(

            kneJ*nulled out ''ll the stops to try and ensure

            %nThis
            0wn
            expression is very variable. For exam
            victoty

            ran omit ‘all* or ‘the', or put an ada.J voubefore
            •stops'.

            f'cThe
            i.veworld's most gifted player, never afraid

            speak his mind, added. ‘When you are world
            champions, everyone pulls out the stops, every'
            one wants to beat you.
            new production
            excellent
            Pimlott's
            Steven
            gives the play fresh bite and urgency by cloth
            ing it in modern dress and by pulling out all
            the theatrical stops.

            storage

            into cold storage
            in cold storage

            If you put something into cold storage, you
            delay doing it or dealing with it, for example
            because other more important things need
            your attention or because you are not ready
            to do it. You can also say that something is In
            cold storage
            Talk of the pound rejoining the exchange-rate
            mechanism, which linked it to the Deutsch
            mark, has been put into cold storage
            A few years ago I was asked by a publisher
            to consider writing a novel with a motor racing
            background, and the idea has been in cold
            storage ever since.

            storm
            the calm before the storm
            the lull before the storm
            44
            If you describe a very quiet period as the
            calm before the storm or the lull before
            the storm, you mean that it is likely to be
            followed, or was followed, by a period of trouble
            or intense activity.
            Things are relatively calm at the moment, but
            I think it probably is the calm before the
            storm.
            Beneath the stillness of this city, there's foreboding
            that this is the calm before an approaching
            storm.
            The fragile ceasefire in Croatia itself may
            only be the lull before another storm.
            a storm in a teacup
            M
            If you say that something is a storm in a
            teacup, you mean that it is not very important
            but people are making a lot of unnecessary
            fuss about it. This expression is used in
            British English; the American expression is a
            tempest in a teapot.
            Ella likes you. I'm sure it's all a storm in a
            teacup. It'll blow over in no time.
            It is frequently argued that such a small percentage
            of the countryside will disappear under

            straignt

            371

            housing development m the next ten years that
            conservationists' worries are a storm in a tea

            cup.

            take somewhere by storm
            MMM
            If someone or something takes a place by
            storm, they are very successful or popular
            and make a good impression on people there.
            Hailed as the next Sophia Loren, the dark
            eyed Italian is set to take the fashion world by

            storm.
            In 1991 many firms expected these computers
            to take the industry by storm.
            It's nearly 12 months since the film took
            America by storm but it faces stiff competition
            for the Best Film nomination.
            weather the storm
            ride out the storm

            ride the storm

            444

            If you weather the storm or ride out the
            storm, you survive a difficult situation or period
            without being seriously harmed or affect
            ed very badly by it. You can also say that you
            ride the storm
            The General, who was appointed to office, not
            elected, insists he will not resign and will
            weather the storm.
            Rover has weathered the storm of the current
            recession better than most. As car sales have
            plummeted, it's seen its share qf the market actually
            increase.

            By the late I960s. there were three options for
            dealing with the crisis. The first option was to
            ride out the storm, and hope that the crisis
            would be dissipated through the beneficial effects
            of EU membership.
            We are riding the storm at the moment but
            things are getting worse in the recession.

            story
            to cut a long story short
            to make a long story short

            44

            When you are giving an account of something,
            you can say *to cut a long story
            short' In British English or 'to make a long
            story short' in American English to indicate
            that you are only going to mention the final
            result or point, without any further details.
            To cut a long story short, a freak accident
            over four years ago left Paul prone to paufful
            dislocations of the kneecaps.
            One Sunday at two o'clock I went out to the
            airport, and this handsome man stepped off
            another airplane. I thought. Boy' I could go for
            him, and to make a long story short, we're get
            ting married.

            straight
            MM
            the straight and narrow
            If someone keeps you on the straight and
            narrow, they help you to live an honest, de

                evince -p 391 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            straw
            cent life and prevent you from doing immoral

            or illegal things.
            He depended on me when he was working to
            keep him on the straight and narrow, to keep
            some sense of perspective about what life was

            all about.
            The Education Secretary, a devout Catholic,
            is determined to introduce a new classroom culture
            of morality to set youngsters on the
            straight and narrow.
            The goal is to prevent them from straying
            from the straight and narrow.
            Some people use the word ‘strait' instead of
            'straight' in this expression.
            straight as a die: 1
            If you say that someone is straight as a
            die, you mean that they are completely honest.
            This expression is used in British English.
            Rut l got the impression that deviousness is
            not one of his characteristics. He is, as the English
            would say, as straight as a die.
            straight as a die: 2
            If you say that something is straight as a
            die, you are emphasizing that it is very
            straight. This expression is used in British
            English.
            The streets are lined up. straight as a die,
            along the left bank of the Guadiana estuary.
            He pauses to point out a trunk that rises
            straight as a die an ash tree.

            straw
            draw the short straw

            straws

            372

            4

            If you draw the short straw, you are chosen
            from a number of people to perform a
            task or duty that nobody wants to do. Other
            verbs are sometimes used instead of 'draw'.
            This expression is used mainly in British
            English.
            Brenner drained his glass with a sense of relief,
            thankful that it was someone else, probably
            Hean. who had drawn the short straw.
            It sounds very much as though you pulled
            something of a short straw there, Jim. There's
            not very much we can do about it. I'm afraid.

            the last straw
            the final straw
            444
            If you say that something is the last straw
            or the final straw, you mean it is the latest
            in a series of unpleasant or difficult events,
            and it makes you feel that you cannot tolerate
            a situation any longer. Compare the straw
            that breaks the camel's back.
            Building societies have been under enormous
            pressure to increase savings rates to get the
            money they need. But that would mean putting
            mortgage rates up. and an increase now could
            be the last straw for thousands of borrowers.
            The increased hardship caused by water and

            power cuts appears to have been the last stra
            and provoked open rebellion.
            Mr Elton was already distraught over hiÿ
            mother's death. The final straw came when hit
            attractive wife asked for a divorce.

            a man of straw
            a straw man
            If you say that a man is a man of straw
            you mean that he does not have the ability or
            the courage necessary to carry out a part ICQ.
            lar task or fulfil a particular role. This is a
            fairly formal expression, which is used main.
            ly in British English.
            The problem of the Labour Party is that it is
            once again firmly in the grip of men of straw
            without guts and without principles.
            You can also talk about straw men. This
            form of the expression is used in both British
            and American English, especially in journalism.
            These also represent the reflex responses of
            straw men with straw policies.

            the straw that breaks the camel's back
            the last straw that breaks the camel's
            back
            You can say that something is the straw

            that breaks the camel's back when it is the
            latest in a series of unpleasant or difficult
            events, and it makes you feel that you cannot
            tolerate a situation any longer. Compare the
            last straw.
            Last week, I broke my wrist skateboarding.
            I'm a good skateboard rider and love the sport
            but that was the straw that broke the camel's
            back as far as my dad was concerned. He has
            ordered me to stay away from anything that
            could gel me into an accident
            In British English, you can also say that
            something is the last straw that breaks the
            camel's back.
            He tried to reassure my father, but said all
            the wrong things: 7 wouldn't worry about it
            You've educated your daughter, she can workV
            My father went berserk. This was the last
            straw that broke the camel's back He ordered
            him out of the house.

            -

            straws
            clutch at straws
            grasp at straws
            a drowning man will clutch at a
            straw
            If you say that someone is clutching at
            straws or is grasping at straws, you mean
            that they are relying on ideas, hopes, or methods
            which are unlikely to be successful, because
            they are desperate and cannot think of
            anything else to try. In American English
            'grasp at straws' is more common.
            This disparaging speech was made by a man

            I
            Ifl

            I

            1


                evince -p 392 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            to gain much-desired pubclutching at straws
            licity
            a new therapy or educational proeffective, the researchers scrama new theory to explain its usefulness.
            blindly, grasping at
            unv parents followed
            desperate search for a cure
            a
            in
            trows
            You can also say that an idea, hope, or
            Ln ..
            od is the straw which someone clutches
            jÿor the straw which someone grasps.

            When#emed
            8r°?/or

            The

            drop

            in bank base rates to their lowest

            1988 may have given the prop
            levels since June
            a much needed, fragile, straw

            if

            erty industry

            to clutch at.
            Another straw the optimists grasp is that two
            trade disputes between the Ell and the United
            States have been avoided.
            This expression comes from the proverb a
            drowning man will clutch at a straw.
            People are still clinging to the hope that
            something will happen but I think it's like a
            drowning man trying to clutch at a straw.

            -

            straws in the wind

            4

            If you say that events are straws in the
            wind, you mean that they are signs of the
            way in which a situation may develop. This
            expression is used mainly in British English,
            especially in journalism.
            They were straws in the wind, a foretaste of

            what was to come.
            Day by day evidence mounts that the economy
            is starting to climb out of recession. The latest
            straw in the wind is a pick-up in sales among
            the nation 's retail giants.

            streak
            talk a blue streak
            If you say that someone talks a blue
            streak, you mean that they are talking a lot
            and very fast. Verbs such as 'scream' and
            spout' can be used instead of talk'. This expression
            is used in American English
            I was mostly shy, although they say I talked
            a blue streak from the time I opened my

            mouth.
            I remember Malcolm screaming a blue streak
            that I was fired.

            stream

            444

            If a plan or a project comes on stream, it
            begins to operate fully. If it is on stream, it
            is operating fully. This expression is used
            mainly in British English; the usual American
            expression is on line.
            Other new services from London City serve
            Stockholm and Rotterdam, and the airport's
            °uthorities say they expect new destinations to
            come on stream in the course of this summer

            L

            Faults at Romania's first nuclear power plant

            must be repaired before it goes on stream.
            The facility has been on stream since the early
            part

            o/ the year.

            street
            in Queer Street
            If you say that someone is in Queer Street,
            you mean that they are having difficulties, es
            pecially financial difficulties. This is an old
            fashioned expression, which is used in British
            English
            Had he spent more time then listening to the
            educators, he might not now be in Queer

            Street.
            Beneath the glitzy surface, the financial
            whizzkids of the world are mostly on the road
            to alcoholism, loneliness, a bedsit in Queer
            Street, or sometimes all three.

            the man in the street
            the woman in the street
            444
            When people talk about the man in the
            street, they mean ordinary, average people.
            Words such as 'woman' and 'person' are
            sometimes used instead of 'man'
            The man in the street will be able to buy all
            that he could reasonably need anywhere in
            Europe.

            It was in terms that the more ordinary man
            and woman in the street could understand
            But how do these massive changes appear to
            people in the street ? The general mood of the
            population seems to be contradictory.
            right up your street
            just up your street
            4
            If you say that something is right up your
            street or just up your street, you mean that
            it is the kind of thing you like or know about
            This expression is used mainly in British
            English. Right up your alley means the
            same.
            There's a real quality and fighting spirit in
            this squad that's right up my street.
            Actor Roy Barraclough has taken on a role
            that's right up his street - as Sherlock Holmes'
            bumbling sidekick Watson

            streets
            streets ahead

            stream
            °n

            streets

            373

            treak

            44

            If you say that one person or thing is
            streets ahead of another, you are emphasizing
            that the first one is much better than the
            other one. This expression is used in British
            English.

            Bill had a great imagination and was always
            streets ahead of his fellow clergy in seeing local
            needs and in arranging ways to meet them.
            Even after its relative decline over the last
            three years, the South East is still streets ahead
            of the rest.


                evince -p 393 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            stretch
            They are streets ahead in worldly wisdom,
            and not only where love and passion are concerned:
            they are hot on economics, too.

            stretch
            at full stretch

            St]

            374

            ly and successfully. This form of the expm.1
            sion is used in British English; the Amerjÿj
            form is take something in stride.
            Ridley didn't start shouting, or anything 1,1,
            that. In fact, right until the end he seemed
            be taking it all in his stride.
            'Tim is absolutely dreading having to gioe
            speech he would rather have a tooth pullediM
            said Christie, who takes such things in her

            1

            3

            -4-4

            If someone or something is operating at full
            stretch, they cannot work any harder or
            more efficiently, because they are already
            using all their resources. This expression is
            used in British English.
            Police are warning that emergency services
            are at full stretch and they are advising motorists
            to travel only if their journey is absolutely

            J

            stride.

            yestÿJ

            Across the country, many people took
            day's events in stride, while remaining generam
            ly uneasy about the stock market in general. J

            necessary.

            strikes

            A combination of record UK market share
            and increased export business kept our production
            plants at full stretch.
            O You can also say that someone or something
            is fully stretched.
            Our services see a substantial number of children
            every day - we are already fully stretched.
            If we have any more coming along then that
            would be very worrying indeed.

            three strikes against someone
            two strikes against someone
            If there are three strikes against someotn?
            or something, there are three factors which
            make it impossible for them to be

            stride
            get into your stride
            hit your stride
            444
            If you get into your stride or hit your
            stride, you start to do something easily and
            confidently, after being slow and uncertain at
            the beginning. ‘Get into your stride' is used
            only in British English.
            Once he had got into his stride, his capacity
            taking and for doing
            what he regarded as right, without regard to
            the personal consequence, became remarkable.
            The Government is getting into its stride and
            seems, for the moment, to be fulfilling its promises.
            He's still learning and when he hits his
            stride, he'll be unstoppable.

            for informal decision

            put someone off their stride
            If something puts you off your stride, it
            stops you from concentrating on what you are
            doing, so that you do not do it as well as
            usual. This expression is used in British English.
            Put someone off their stroke means the

            same.

            His many opponents are suggesting that it is
            all a tactic designed to put his opponent off his
            stride.
            D The verbs 'knock' and ‘throw' are sometimes
            used instead of 'put'.
            Perhaps a few jokes during the game will
            knock Chris off his stride.
            take something in your stride
            take something in stride
            444
            If you are in a difficult situation and you
            take it in your stride, you deal with it calm
            successful

            This expression is used mainly in AmericaM

            English.
            There was one lady that said to me, 'Listen
            young man, you got three strikes against you.
            You're black, you're poor, and you're blind.' J
            If there are two strikes against someone
            or something, there are two factors which
            make it difficult, but not impossible, for then
            to be successful, or they have only one mom
            chance of succeeding.
            The hotel has two strikes against it. One, it's
            an immense ugly concrete building. Second, fl
            lies just inside the border so that all dnorstgp
            activities involve a fussy border crossing.

            string
            another string to your bow
            many strings to your bow

            4

            If you have another string to your bow,
            you have more than one useful skill, ability.J
            or thing you can use in case you are unsuccessful
            with your first attempt. If you have
            many strings to your bow, you have several
            skills, abilities, or things to use. These expressions
            are used in British English.
            Looking, as it were, for another string to his
            bow, he turned to art and design, for which he
            had always shown a particular talent.
            They should really develop a second string to
            their bow, so that they can make a little money
            in lean times.
            Stephanie has many strings to her bow. Before
            opting for a career in interior design, she
            was a photographer and a Wall Street mergers
            specialist
            ‘Bow* is pronounced with the same
            sound as the word 'show'.

            vowel

            have someone on a string

            keep someone on a string
            If someone has you on a string or

            keeps


                evince -p 394 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            can make you do whatbecause they control you com
            string, they

            a
            you on
            they wan(

            ever

            again in serious difficulties. The
            P'!rtel,Ls once him
            on a string.

            remans

            had

            his life he kept her on a
            Vnr the rest of
            tor
            absorbing enormous amounts of her
            S<rl
            depending on her to edit his writing.
            Ca?, 'g had to end their relationship in the
            .Pledge that he could no longer cope with
            i

            hfand

            the

            frustration

            of

            being kept dangling

            on a

            string

            If

            with strings
            with strings attached
            4
            You can say that an offer is with strings or
            with strings attached if it has unpleasant
            conditions which must be accepted as part of
            the offer, or if the person making it expects
            something in return.
            We have very strict rules that we refuse to accept
            any donations with strings attached.
            Western money came with strings such as
            commercial openings.

            strip
            tear a strip off someone
            tear someone off a strip

            strings

            pull

            s nones

            375

            strings

            strings

            444

            someone

            pulls strings to get something

            they want, they get it by using their friend
            ships with powerful and influential people, of
            ten in a way which is considered unfair.
            Anyway, I'm not going to play in the tournament
            if it's part of a deal; it would look as if I

            was pulling strings

            As anywhere else, good managers are often
            thin on the ground, and organizing ability or
            being able to pull a few strings is useful.
            You can also talk about string-pulling.
            Recent news stories have raised questions
            about whether he engaged in the kind of
            string pulling and backroom deal making that
            he accuses his opponents of.

            pull the strings
            44
            If someone pulls the strings, they control
            everything that another person or an organi
            zation does.
            Having engineered many of these political
            changes and pulled the strings from behind the
            stage, he now feels it's his due. as it were, to
            become national leader.
            Mike worked sixteen hours a day. pulling the
            strings to make Apple a raging success.
            Meanwhile, most of the city's administrative
            strings still have to be pulled from City Hall.

            with no strings attached

            without strings

            444

            If you say that an offer of help comes with
            no strings attached or without strings, you
            niean that it has no unpleasant conditions
            which must be accepted as part of the offer,
            °r that the person making it does not expect
            anything in return.
            I think this is an extremely generous offer.
            There are no strings attached and I will recommend
            that everyone accepts.
            I am grateful to them for their co-operation,
            which was also given with absolutely no
            strings attached
            He wanted aid quickly and without strings.

            4

            If you tear a strip off someone or tear
            them off a strip, you speak angrily or seriously
            to them, because they have done something
            wrong. This expression is used in British
            English.
            After breakfast he heard Nora tearing a strip
            off an orderly for not returning the food bins
            to the kitchen soon enough.
            We went along to the headmaster and he tore
            strips off both of us.
            We turned up together on the first day and
            got torn off a strip for being late.

            stroke
            put someone off their stroke
            If something puts you off your stroke, it
            stops you from concentrating on what you are
            doing, so that you do not do it as well as
            usual. This expression is used in British Eng
            lish. Put someone off their stride means the

            same.

            7s that what you wanted to tell me V 'What?
            Oh no. sorry, this business of Ivor has quite
            put me off my stroke. '

            strokes
            broad strokes
            4
            broad brush strokes
            If someone describes something in broad

            strokes or in broad brush strokes, they describe
            it in general terms rather than giving

            details.
            The speech will lay out in broad strokes the
            two candidates' differing approaches towards
            how best to stimulate the economy.
            We had already come to an understanding
            with him, but it had been drawn in broad
            strokes. It was now necessary to get down to
            specifics.

            In an interview yesterday in the daily he
            Monde, he set out the broad brushstrokes of future
            French foreign policy.

            different strokes for different folks
            People say ‘different strokes for different

            folks' to point out that people are different.


                evince -p 395 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            strong
            and some individuals or groups have different
            needs and wants from others. This expression
            is used more commonly in American English
            than British.
            The federal government has. by tradition.
            been respectful of local standards in local communities.
            and therefore you had different
            strokes for different folks.
            But no matter hou> much you spend on these
            clothes, you'll still look like a bum. It's different
            strokes for different folks, but it certainly
            isn't my cup of tea.

            strong
            strong as an ox
            strong as a horse
            strong as a bull

            •4

            Big Beppe, as everybody calls him, is enor
            mous for his age and as strong as an ox.
            He's as strong as a horse and he got better
            very quickly, but he could have died there in
            the square.
            Despite his disabled arm, Tom was as strong

            as a bull.

            If politicians are on the stump, they are
            travelling to different places and speaking to
            voters as part of their election campaign. This
            expression is used mainly in American English,
            but is becoming more common in British
            English.
            He began appearing frequently on the stump
            and in one celebrated incident mounted a soapbox
            and grabbed a megaphone to shout down
            hostile demonstrators.
            Despite his falling popularity, the president
            braved it on the stump today on behalf of his

            fellow Republicans.

            style
            cramp someone's style

            stubborn
            stubborn as a mule
            If you say that someone is as stubborn as a
            mule, you mean that they are determined to
            do what they want and are unwilling to
            change their mind. This expression is usually
            used to show disapproval.
            He is. without question, a man of his word,
            and he can certainly be stubborn as a mule.
            But he has been known to change his mind
            about all sorts of things.
            Old Gregg is also stubborn as a mule. He
            won't say nothin', but he just goes on doin'
            what he planned.

            stuff
            44

            If you strut your stuff, you do something
            which you know you are good at in a proud
            and confident way in order to impress other
            people.

            He was the type of guy who liked to show off
            and strut his stuff.
            This weekend, in parades across the nation,
            Irish Americans are strutting their stiff.

            stuffing
            knock the stuffing out of someone

            out of someone, you mean that it
            stroys all their energy and selfconfidenc» 1
            and leaves them feeling weak and nervoy?
            Other verbs such as 'take' are sometimes used
            instead of ‘knock'.
            Bath knocked the stuffing out of us early
            and we never got into the game.
            Men have had a hard time for the last fifteen
            years. The women's movement knocked the
            stuffing out of them.
            The drive from the airport always took the
            stuffing out of her.
            stuffing

            stump
            on the stump

            If you say that someone is as strong as an
            ox. you are emphasizing that they are extremely
            strong. You can replace ox' with the
            name of another large animal. For example,
            you can say that someone is as strong as a
            horse or as strong as a bull.

            strut your stuff

            sue]

            376

            4

            If you say that something knocks the

            •4

            If someone or something cramps your style,
            they prevent you from behaving freely in the
            way that you want.
            Just imagine, no visitors allowed except in
            public rooms and all visitors to be off the
            premises by seven at night It positively
            cramped a girl's style.
            Like more and more women with good Jobs,
            independent spirits and high standards, she believes
            wedlock would cramp her style.

            suck
            suck it and see

            If you are considering doing something new
            and someone tells you to suck it and see,
            they mean that the only way to find out if it
            is a good idea and likely to be successful is to
            actually try it. This expression is used in
            British English.
            These results do not mean, however, that the
            Japanese will automatically like Western products.
            The only sure way to prove that, scrys
            Prescott, is to suck it and see.
            I don't see this interest-rate cut kick starting
            the housing market, but it is very much a case
            of suck it and see.
            You can also say that you have a suck-itand-see approach or attitude to something.
            As a result of the crude budgeting techniques


                evince -p 396 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            sstf
            suit

            Y

            take a 'suck it and see' approach,
            ad see what happens.
            444

            suit
            "gone follows

            suit, they do the same
            that someone else has just done.
            twisted himself free of his pack and laid

            .
            ®

            H
            The others f°llowed suit
            his gw down

            nursery provisions for the chil
            ' „ afro makemembers,
            only other employers

            staff
            W0uld follow suit
            stack

            dren of

            if

            of pancakes for breakfast,
            If Tim had a
            Pam would follow suit.

            your long suit

            If you say that something is your long suit,
            you mean that you are good at it or know a
            lot about it, and this gives you an advantage.
            Our long suit is our proven ability to operate

            power plants
            Pealing
            long suit.

            with suffering well was not their

            suits
            the men in suits
            the men in grey suits

            44

            If you talk about the men in suits or the
            men in grey suits, you are referring to the
            men who are in control of an organization or
            company and who have a lot of power. These
            expressions are used mainly in British English.
            Even if Prince Andrew wanted to put the
            clock back 30 months and restore happiness to
            his marriage, the men in suits who guide the
            monarchy would almost certainly rule against
            him.
            A lot of young people feel detached from older,
            stereotype politicians
            the men in grey
            suits.

            -

            summer
            ®n

            Indian summer
            someone enjoys an Indian summer in

            If

            •heir life or career, they have a period of

            success late in their life or career, perhaps
            after a period of not being successful.
            This expression is used mainly in British
            English.
            The Sixties revival in international fashion is
            Proving an Indian summer for Mr Rabanne,
            better known for his perfumes in the Seventies
            great

            I

            swanow

            377

            suit

            and Eighties.
            In this Indian summer of his life, he speaks
            openly of wanting to be remembered as a writer first and advocate second.
            An Indian summer is a period of unusually
            warm sunny weather during the autumn.
            This use occurs in both British and American

            p

            English.

            supper
            sing for your supper
            If someone tells you that you will have to
            sing for your supper, they mean that you
            will have to do a particular job before you are
            allowed to do or have something that you
            want. This is a fairly old-fashioned expres
            sion.
            ‘You only gave me the box number for that
            bureau, Jo,' l said. 'Is there more?' She took a
            while to answer. "Very well' she said finally
            'But you'll have to sing for your supper '
            Sailer tried to sing for his supper by making

            conversation.

            sure
            sure as eggs is eggs
            sure as eggs
            If you say that something will happen as
            sure as eggs is eggs or sure as eggs, you are
            emphasizing that you are very certain it will
            happen. This expression is used in British
            English.
            If when they leave church all the worried,
            anxious thoughts, which gave rise to the lack
            of peace in the first place, come back, then as
            sure as eggs is eggs, the feelings of peace will
            evaporate and the feelings of anxiety return.
            The new magazine, out this month, will sell,

            sure as eggs.

            surface
            scratch the surface

            44

            If you only scratch the surface of some
            thing, you deal with or experience only a
            small part of it.
            Officials say they've only scratched the sur
            face of the drug problem for women in public
            housing.
            This is the most exciting aspect of my career
            at present. I realise now I've only scratched the
            surface of what I can do.
            November's trade surplus was down to just
            over four hundred million dollars. At such levels,
            even (f the entire trade surplus were offset
            against debt, it would barely scratch the sur

            face.

            swallow

            one swallow doesn't make a summer
            People say ‘one swallow doesn't make a
            summer' when they want to point out that although
            something good has happened, the
            situation may not continue to be good, and
            you cannot rely on it.
            Sales into the new year are also up about 1
            percent, which is a sharp contrast to the 9 per
            cent dive in the previous six months One swal
            low, however, doesn't make a summer and
            close observers say that business at the 85


                evince -p 397 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            sweat
            Debenhams stores and its 858 concessions could
            be a lot better.

            sweat
            by the sweat of your brow
            If you do something such as earning your
            living by the sweat of your brow, you do it
            by means of hard physical work, without any
            help from anyone else. This is a literary expression.

            There was no exploitation in what your fa
            ther did. It was earned by the sweat of his
            brow.

            in a cold sweat
            4
            in a sweat
            If someone is in a cold sweat or in a
            sweat, they feel very frightened, anxious, or
            embarrassed.
            The paper says Britain's economic crisis is at
            the heart of the turmoil in the Tory party, with
            MPs in a cold sweat about an election occurring
            before the recession bottoms out.
            She dialled his number every half-hour. No
            reply. Once it was engaged excited, relieved,
            she tried it again five minutes later, once more
            without reply. By about two in the morning she
            was in a sweat of totally illogical jealousy.

            sweep
            make a clean sweep: 1

            wingl

            378

            444

            If someone wins something very easily, or
            wins a series of victories, you can say they
            make a clean sweep of it.
            China were back on top again in the
            Women's Weightlifting. They have made a
            clean sweep of all nine titles in that event with

            three more gold medals today.
            The RPR is ready to make a clean sweep of
            all constituencies in Paris where Mr Chirac is
            mayor.
            O A clean sweep is used in many other
            structures with a similar meaning.
            Pakistan are making a strong challenge to
            complete a clean sweep against New Zealand in
            the three match series.
            The Italians look well placed to repeat their
            clean sweep of 1990.

            make a clean sweep: 2
            If someone who has just taken up a position
            of authority in an organization makes a
            clean sweep, they make a lot of changes, for
            example getting rid of a large number of employees.
            in order to make the organization
            more efficient or profitable. Compare a new
            broom; see broom.
            When Don arrived he said he was going to
            make a clean sweep, but l didn't think he
            would go quite this far.
            A clean sweep is also used in other structures
            with a similar meaning.

            They resented his youth and inexperience

            a/|r|H

            worried about rumours that he planned
            clean sweep of longtime employees. True to
            pectations, he fired the managers, one by one.
            They're talking about a clean sweep of the ej,.|
            tire cabinet

            sweet
            cop it sweet
            If you cop It sweet, you accept harsh

            treat
            I

            or a punishment without reacting violently
            or complaining. This expression is used ft
            mainly in Australian English.
            Bullies tend to lose interest in a victim very
            quickly if that victim refuses to 'cop it sweet'.
            merit

            keep someone sweet
            44
            If you keep someone sweet, you do something
            to please them so that they will treat
            you well in return. This expression is used in
            British English.
            Everyone knows the basic rules of prudent
            finance. Keep the tax man sweet while never
            letting him claim a penny he isn't entitled to.
            Some firms even reserve boxes at football
            grounds and at theatres that can be used by
            highflying staff they want to keep sweet.
            sweet as pie
            If you say that someone is as sweet as pie,
            you mean that they are very kind, friendly,
            and charming. If a situation is as sweet as
            pie. it is very satisfactory. This expression is
            used mainly in British English. Compare nice
            as pie; see nice.
            In real life she's sweet as pie. She is original.
            honest and very funny. And she really is clever.
            Everything was as sweet as pie, after that.

            swing
            get into the swing of something

            4

            If you get into the swing of something, you
            get used to it and you start doing it well or
            start enjoying it. If you get back into the
            swing of things, you get used to something
            again after a period of not doing it
            I assumed everything would be okay once I
            got into the swing of college but I had no idea
            how emotionally blocked I was.
            It didn't take people long to relax and get
            into the swing of things, with a little help from

            some champagne

            He added: 'The manager was first class. He
            said everyone understood how hard it was to
            get back into the swing of things after such a
            long absence. '
            4
            go with a swing
            If a party or other event goes with a swing.
            it happens in a lively and exciting way. This
            expression is used in British English.
            Having a toast master at a wedding reception


                evince -p 398 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            good way of ensuring that a re
            With a swing.
            se*%J?go*s
            ceP
            recipes are guaranteed

            imPressive
            T
            g0 wM SWtnS'
            °
            he the Parly

            to

            rrui
            in

            «««

            full swing is in full swing, it is operating
            something

            u
            already been happening for some
            fully °r has
            rather than being in its early stages
            If

            swords

            379

            gvviiigs

            days after Hurricane Andrew left its
            and misery across South
            of destruction
            Florida, officials say recovery efforts are at last

            trail

            tn full swing
            With its mile long beach and lively holiday
            air Dieppe has plenty to attract cross-Channel
            While I was there, a national dog
            a jazz festival were in full swing.
            and
            show
            At sunset the best free show in town is at Old
            Mallory Square as street musicians, fire eaters
            and jugglers perform for the crowds and Key
            West's lively nightlife gets into full swing.

            visitors

            Swiss cheese

            more holes than Swiss cheese
            If you say that something such as an argument
            or theory has more holes than Swiss
            cheese, you mean that it has so many faults
            that it cannot be taken seriously. This expression
            is used mainly in American English.
            'The current laws,' he says, 'have more holes
            than Swiss cheese. '
            D Swiss cheese is used in various other ways
            to describe an argument or theory like this.
            Admit it now, Sergeant, the case against
            Deirdre is a weak one. Deirdre may have had
            the opportunity, but so did three hundred others.
            So in my view it's a Swiss cheese you have
            there, not a case.
            In the next few days it's possible that this
            document could be turned into diplomatic
            Swiss cheese as problematic language is cut out
            or weakened.
            Paglia disparages Wo(f as an ill-educated

            hustler peddling a Swiss<heese thesis.

            swings

            sword

            and roundabouts
            what you lose on the swings you gain
            4
            on the roundabouts
            If you say that a situation is swings and
            roundabouts, you mean that there are as
            many advantages as there are disadvantages
            in it. This expression is used in British Eng

            a double-edged sword
            a two-edged sword

            swings

            lish
            It's swings and roundabouts at Fuji, who
            have made welcome price reductions on its Ccassettes, but increased the cost of its 8mm
            tapes, without any significant changes to the
            product

            Without a doubt, you're going to pay extra
            for a set from a shop because of the VAT consideration
                But it's swings and roundabouts.
            because if anything goes wrong, you've got
            somewhere to go back to and complain.
            Swings and roundabouts can also be used

            before a noun.
            Mr Beloff argued that the Lord Chancellor's
            decision was flawed because of the 'swings and
            roundabouts' approach to solicitors' pay. Solicitors
            would lose on some cases and gain on oth-

            «n

            O This expression comes from the proverb
            "hat you lose on the swings you gain on
            the roundabouts People sometimes use the
            hill form of the proverb, or a variation of
            it

            The United States will gain far more on the
            swings than its loses on the roundabouts.
            Since there were more positive swings than
            negative roundabouts in the year to May, pretax
            profits rose sharply from £89 million to
            LI12.7 million.

            44

            If you say that something is a double-edged
            sword or a two-edged sword, you mean that
            it has both a good and a bad side. People also
            sometimes talk about a twin-edged sword or
            a dual-edged sword These are all literary
            expressions.
            The strong yen is a double-edged sword for
            Japan. It increases the spending power of consumers
            and it helps the nation's banks, but it
            also raises the costs of exports for car and elec
            tronics manufacturers.
            The change was a two-edged sword capable of
            being wielded by either party.

            4
            the Sword of Damocles
            If you say that someone has the Sword of
            Damocles hanging over their head, you mean
            that they are in a situation in which some
            thing very bad could happen to them at any
            time. This is a literary expression.
            As a Grand Prix driver you have the Sword
            of Damocles hanging over your head at every
            moment.
            Franco's power to fulfill or crush their hopes
            hung over the Spanish royal family like a
            Sword of Damocles.
            This is a case where there is a sword of
            Damocles hanging over their lives.

            swords
            beat swords into ploughshares
            turn swords into ploughshares

            4

            If you talk about beating swords into
            ploughshares or turning swords into
            ploughshares, you are talking about plans or


                evince -p 399 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            swords
            efforts to stop war or conflict and to use the
            resources and technology of warfare to do other
            things to improve people's lives.
            Were going to have literally hundreds of
            military rockets that are going to be available
            for some sort of application. There are a lot of
            people in this country who think that it would
            be a good idea to beat those swords into plowshares
            and use them for launching small satellites
            into space.
            Public opinion at the grassroots is now reacting
            with great warmth to the Gorbachev vision
            of a world that turns swords into ploughshares.
            Swords into-ploughshares can be used before
            a noun. This form of the expression is
            used mainly in journalism.
            The industry grew first on Europe's need for
            gunpowder in the Napoleonic wars and then.
            in a sort of elemental swords-into-ploughshares
            conversion, from the demand for fertiliser.
            ‘We want the soldiers to return to the factories.
            ' The swords-into-ploughshares transformation
            has been actively encouraged by Belgrade.
            'Ploughshares' is spelled 'plowshares' in
            American English.

            cross swords

            table

            380

            4

            If you cross swords with someone, you disagree
            and argue with them or oppose them.
            He has perfected dissent as a tactic to further
            his political career. First, as a member of
            Indira Gandhi's Congress Party, he repeatedly
            crossed swords with Mrs Gandhi in the early
            1970s.

            Norman Fowler and Albert Booth han
            crossed swords on many occasions when thflp
            roles had been reversed in the closing months
            of the Callaghan Labour government.
            In my career with Worcester City and then
            Yeovil Town I have crossed swords with the
            biggest and best in non-League football.

            system
            get something out of your system
            <1
            If you get something out of your system,
            you say or do something that you have been
            wanting to for a long time, and so you bejÿ,
            to feel less worried or angry about it
            Go ahead and get it out of your system If
            you have to. but don't expect any of us to believe
            a word you say.
            If something awful happens to you at least
            you can write about it. I'm sure you feel better

            if you get it out of your system.

            systems
            all systems go
            4
            You can say 'it's all systems go' when you
            want to indicate that people are very busy
            with a particular project, or that you expect
            there will be a lot of activity in a particular
            field.
            Work started on the indoor arena at the beginning
            of the year and it's now all systems go
            for a full programme of events over the winter.
            The Commonwealth has released its funds
            and it's all systems go.

            T
            tab
            pick up the tab
            If you pick up the tab, you pay a bill or
            pay the costs of something, often something
            that you are not responsible for
            Pollard picked up the tab for dinner.
            Japan is already the biggest single aid donor
            in the world. But it has no intention of picking
            up the tab for everyone.
            If she is always picking up the lab, the inequality
            in your relationship may be

            for you both to handle.

            difficult

            table
            drink someone under the table
            If you say that someone can drink you under
            the table, you mean that they can drink
            much more alcohol than you can without getting
            drunk.

            Donna is the only person I know who can
            drink me under the table.
            They arrived back in the hotel room and the
            drink flowed even faster. His dad drank him
            under the table and then tucked him up in bed.

            on the table

            444

            If you put a proposal, plan, or offer on the
            table, you present it formally to other people
            so it can be discussed and negotiated, in the
            hope that it will be accepted.
            Most other delegations here said a few days'
            delay was of no matter - in any case the
            Americans and others had not yet put their
            proposals on the table.
            The United States said Europe must put a
            new offer on the table to save the talks.
            The offer on the table at present is part of the
            long-term movement to align and control indirect
            taxation within the EU.

            I


                evince -p 400 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            tableS
            ,

            Uhat

            - the tabic
            something under the table, you

            tf y pretty because it is dishonest or lido
            11 ,phjS expression is used mainly in
            legal
            iran English; the usual British expresunder the counter.

            —

            f,on>s

            .thletes sometimes cheated, sometimes lied, or
            the table.
            took money under are here selling their
            films
            Their distributors
            market but they're doing it unat
            the festival's
            der the table.
            n An under-the-table payment or deal is one
            that is secret and dishonest or illegal.
            Charges flew about ineligible students and
            under-the table payments.
            There will be no more under-the-table cash.

            tables
            4-4-4
            turn the tables
            If you turn the tables on someone, you do
            something to change a situation so that you
            gain an advantage over them or cause them
            problems, after a time when they have had

            the advantages or have been causing problems
            for you.
            It's quite likely that the Prime Minister will
            want to turn the tables on his many enemies in
            the republics and give them something to worry
            about for a change.
            In his response, Kissinger sought to turn the
            tables on his critics.
            All of a sudden the tables are turned, and instead
            of being the person watching, he becomes
            the person that's being watched.

            tabs
            keep tabs on someone
            444
            If someone keep tabs on you, they make
            sure that they always know where you are
            and what you are doing, often in order to con
            trol you.
            The school Is open to anyone over high school
            age and we don't keep close tabs on who's here
            or what they're working on.
            It's obviously their job to keep tabs on the
            financial situation and my job to provide entertaining
            football on the pitch and win promotion.
            We do know that somebody was keeping tabs
            on her. Perhaps we should have done the same.

            tail
            chase your own tail
            If you say that someone is chasing their
            tail, you are being critical of them for
            spending a lot of time and energy doing some
            own

            thing, but achieving nothing.
            Any striving for military superiority means
            chastng one's own tail
            Look at me, born right down the road, and

            tail

            381

            after all these years of chasing my tail

            doing

            nothing, here I still am.

            on your tail
            If someone is on your

            44

            tail, they are following
            you closely or are chasing you and trying

            to catch you.
            Juarez entered the finishing lap with
            Zadrobilek right on his tail. Only three kilometres
            remained.
            He heard the wail of sirens, loud and close
            by. They must be on his tail at last.
            We couldn't get out from under the taxes. The
            IRS was on our tail and we had to do something.

            the tail wags the dog

            4

            If you say that the tail Is wagging the dog,
            you are criticizing the fact that a small or unimportant
            part of something is becoming too
            important and is controlling the whole thing.
            To avoid the impression of the tail wagging
            the dog, the Chancellor cannot be seen bending
            to the wishes of a minority party.
            How much should the presentation of policy
            shape the policy itself? Or, as I heard too many
            disgruntled senior civil servants complain, how
            much should the tail wag the dog?

            turn tail

            -4

            If you turn tail, you turn and run away
            from someone or something because you are
            frightened of them.
            Rebels were forced back from position after
            position until they turned tail and fled.
            My hair freezes on my neck to see her on the
            other side of the bar. I go weak all over Stum
            bling, I almost turn tail. 'You have to face her, '
            I tell myself, trying to calm my heart

            with your tail between your legs

            4

            If someone goes off with their tail between
            their legs, they go off feeling very ashamed,
            embarrassed, and humiliated, because of a defeat
            or foolish mistake that they have made.
            Embarrassingly, the diplomats actually
            evacuated the country when there were fears
            about a possible communist attack. They came
            back a year or so later with their tails between
            their legs, having lost much face.
            His team retreated last night with tails
            tucked firmly between their legs
            with your tail up
            If you say that someone is doing something
            with their tail up, you mean that they seem
            to be very happy or confident about their
            chances of success.
            We'll go to court with our tails up.
            People sometimes vary this expression, for
            example by saying that someone has their
            tail up or that something puts their tail up.
            There was no doubt that Mary Rand's out


                evince -p 401 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            tale
            standing performance on the
            everybody's tails up.

            first

            day put

            tale
            4
            live to tell the tale
            If you say that someone has lived to tell

            the tale, you mean that they have survived a

            or frightening experience.
            Michael Sproule was attacked by a shark. He

            dangerous

            lived to tell the tale but underwent emergency
            surgery for multiple lacerations to his hands
            and legs.
            At 20mph a pedestrian could escape death or
            serious injury, but at 30mph half of pedes
            trians are killed, and at 40mph the chances qf
            living to tell the tale are negligible.

            tell the tale
            tell its own tale
            If something tells the tale about a particular
            situation, it reveals the truth about it. You
            can also say that something tells its own
            tale.
            Had he been fired from all of those jobs, or
            had he quit? I flipped through the papers
            again, looking for references that might tell the
            tale, but there weren t any.
            The fact that yesterday's runner-up finished
            only a length in front of Contested Bid, the
            French Derby third, tells its own tale.
            D People also use the much more frequent adjective
            tell-tale to mean the same thing.
            They would surprise the man and not give
            him time to hide any tell-tale evidence.
            In every room are tell tale signs of a once better

            tani

            382

            life.

            tales
            dead men tell no tales
            People say ‘dead men tell no tales' when
            they want to say that someone who is dead
            cannot reveal anything about the circumstances
            of their death.
            Hanley told police the gun went off accidentally
            while Mr Khan was playing with it.
            ‘These statements were a cover-up, ' Mr Spencer
            told the jury. 'Mr Hanley did it on purpose, his
            thoughts being that dead men tell no tales. '

            tell tales
            If you accuse someone of telling tales, you
            accusing them of telling lies or revealing
            secrets about a person, so that the person gets

            are

            into trouble.
            She had no right to tell tales to his mother!
            The usual pattern cf criminal prosecutions is
            to get the already convicted to tell tales on their
            bosses in return for cuts in their own sentences.

            talk
            talk out of your arse
            If you say that someone Is talking out of
            their arse, you are saying rudely that they
            are talking complete nonsense. Other word*
            such as •backside' can be used instead of
            ‘arse'. This is a very informal expression
            which is used in British English. Many people
            consider it offensive.

            tall
            tall tales
            tall stories
            Tall tales or tall stories are stories or
            statements which are difficult to believe because
            they are so exaggerated or unlikely.
            Pollard was described as someone whose rich
            imagination and keen intellect were convincingÿ |
            and some of his college chums believed his tall

            tales.
            I have met older, more senior scientists who
            tell tall tales of the 'old days', 'the golden days'
            of research, when money was plentiful and
            there were lots of research jobs.
            Sheila believes that children's lying can be
            taken too seriously. 7 think we need to be more
            sympathetic about tall stories, make believe
            friends and other fibs, ' she says.

            tangent
            go off on a tangent
            go off at a tangent

            4

            If someone goes off on a tangent, they start
            saying or thinking something that is not di
            rectly connected with what they were saying
            or thinking before You can use other verbs
            instead of ‘go'. In British English, you can
            also say that someone goes off at a tangent
            He would occasionally go off on a tangent totally
            unrelated to the textbook or curriculum.
            Now and then the narrative goes off at a tangent,
            but it always seems to return to its theme.
            These expressions are occasionally used to
            say that someone's behaviour changes, and
            they do something that is unconnected with
            the way they were behaving before.
            1 suppose 1 was trying to conform, but then l
            went off on a tangent
            *They start off with great enthusiasm and
            then they go off at a tangent.' ‘Yes. and they
            leave the job half done. '

            tango
            it takes two to tango

            4

            If you say that it takes two to tango, you
            mean that a situation or argument involves

            two people and they are both therefore
            sponsible for it

            re
            It would be very sad if we don't settle this. It


                evince -p 402 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            to tango, however, and I suspect we'll

            tomorrow discussing it
            takfhehere
            be
            still
            everything to stop our

            ‘-part

            marriage

            But it takes two to tango and so
            falliM aZ7inti0nship has been one-sided. At the
            divorce is still going through.

            11*

            lea

            383

            tank

            tank

            huilt like a tank someone is built like a
            if vou say that
            vou mean that they are very big and

            If you say that an object is built like
            tank, you mean that it has been constructvery
            well and very solidly, and will last a
            leng time. Other nouns are sometimes used
            trong

            ed

            instead of 'tank

            He was built like a tank, always sat alone in
            the bar, and only ever spoke to Nick the bar
            man and then only' to utter the same two
            words: ‘Another beer.
            Once I had a Czechoslovakian motorbike. It
            was built like a tank, weighed a ton. went like
            a bomb and was pure joy to ride.
            ButU like a refrigerator and equipped with a
            presence, the chief of the Naformidable
            stage
            tional Front party was in fine vitriolic form

            tap
            on tap: 1

            4-4

            If something is on tap, it is available and
            ready for immediate use.
            The enterprise agency's close links with the
            University of Sheffield as well as other business
            institutions provides local entrepreneurs with a
            wealth of knowledge and business expertise on

            tap
            The advantage of group holidays Is company
            on tap but time alone if you want it.
            People don't want to interest themselves in
            politics now. it's a bore. They've got escapist
            entertainment freely available: pop music, 7V,
            videos on tap, they don 7 even have to read any

            more.
            on tap: 2

            4

            If an event or activity is on tap, it is scheduled
            to happen very soon. This expression is
            used in American English.
            More military and medical experiments are
            on tap for Atlantis astronauts today.
            It's Detroit against Chicago and Dallas
            against Pittsburgh in the two pro football
            games on tap this afternoon

            tape
            tod tape
            444
            People refer to official rules and procedures
            us red tape when they seem unnecessary and

            cause delay.

            After dealing with all the red

            tape and finally

            getting approval we are told that
            money is forthcoming.

            none of the

            Two lawyers have written a book in a bid to
            help people cut through the red tape when dealing
            with British immigration and nationality
            laws.
            The Council said the little money that was
            available was tied up in bureaucratic red tape.

            taped
            have got something taped
            If you think that you have got something
            taped, you think that you fully understand it
            and are in control of it. This expression is
            used in British English.
            The one certainty of parenthood is that when
            ever you feel you've got it taped, something or
            someone will come along to throw you off bal

            ancef

            China, who only returned to the Games in
            1984 after a 28 year absence, rarely go in for
            anything until they have got it pretty much
            taped

            target
            shoot for the same target
            If two people are shooting for the same
            target, they are in agreement about what
            they are trying to achieve together.
            Two brains are better than one in this area,
            especially when they're shooting for the same
            target.
            Just so we can be sure we're both shooting at
            the same target, here's a summary of what will
            happen on Friday night

            taste
            leave a bad taste in your mouth

            4

            If you say that something someone does
            leaves a bad taste in your mouth, you mean
            that it makes you feel angry or disgusted with
            them because it was a very unpleasant thing
            to do. Adjectives such as 'nasty', 'bitter', and
            'sour' can be used instead of 'bad'.
            It has been called anti-Semitic, antifeminist
            and homophobic. The charges are denied, but
            there's no doubt that some of the magazine's
            jokes about Jews, women and gays leave a bad
            taste in the mouth.
            Some people are abusive in shops, in buses
            and on trains. They seem to think it is smart.
            For the victim it leaves a nasty taste in the
            mouth.
            I'm not staying where I'm not wanted The
            whole thing leaves a sour taste in my mouth

            tea
            not for all the tea in China
            If you say that you would not do something


                evince -p 403 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            tee
            for all the tea in China, you are emphasizing
                that you definitely do not want to do it
            I wouldn't go through that again for all the
            tea in China.
            He would not change his Job for all the tea in

            China.

            tee
            to a tee
            to a T
            44
            You can use to a tee or to a T to mean that
            something is perfectly or exactly right.
            The police soon left, apologizing that they
            had just been responding to a call about robbers,
            whose description fit us to a tee.
            Lucy was a stickler for perfection, and everything
            had to be exactly right, rehearsed down
            to a T.
            It was incredibly well-organised, recalls
            William Boyd. 'He had it down to a tee, writing
            each contributor an individual letter about
            it all.'

            teeth
            armed to the teeth

            t(

            384

            4

            Someone who is armed to the teeth is
            armed with a lot of weapons or with very effective
            weapons
            They stationed themselves, armed to the teeth,
            at vantage points near the union hall.
            The police are grossly underpaid and
            underequipped while the criminals are armed
            to the teeth with the most modern equipment.
            cut your teeth
            44
            If you do something new which gives you
            experience and helps you learn how to do
            more advanced or complicated things, you can
            say that you cut your teeth doing that thing.
            For Dennis, the experience forms part of his
            plan to cut his teeth on demanding theatre
            parts before making the break for TV and film.
            He cut his teeth in the sixties as director of
            Edinburgh's Traverse Theatre.
            He had cut his editorial teeth on the London
            Evening Standard.
            fed up to the back teeth
            sick to the back teeth
            If you are fed up to the back teeth with
            something or sick to the back teeth with it,
            you feel annoyed, irritated, or tired because it
            has been going on for a long time and you
            think it should be stopped or changed. These
            expressions are used in British English.
            I've always been a very strong Conservative
            but I am fed up to the back teeth with them at
            the moment.
            It also shows how frustrated and sick to the
            back teeth the US public is of big-time, bigmoney, slick Washington politics.

            get your teeth into something
            sink your teeth into something

            'ÿ'Ill
            Jjfl

            If you get your teeth into something
            sink your teeth into it, you become
            involved with it and do it with a lot of energl
            and enthusiasm.
            Half the trouble is having nothing interesting I
            to do. We've not had a case to get our teeth
            for weeks.
            When Jeff came to Britain in 1956 from M
            native Barbados, his welcome was harsh anet
            so he wasted little time in sinking his teeth into
            combating prejudice.

            de«J?

            infl

            gnashing of teeth
            wailing and gnashing of teeth
            weeping and gnashing of teeth
            •>
            When people become very worried or agitated
            by something unexpected or unnecessary
            that has happened, you can say that there is
            gnashing of teeth or wailing and gnashing
            of teeth, especially when you want to suggest
            that they are overreacting or showing their
            concern in an excessive way. You can also
            say that there is weeping and gnashing of
            teeth.
            In times of widespread strife and much
            gnashing of teeth, a sense of community is
            needed to stop everyone plummeting into the
            dark depths of despair
            It was the biggest earthquake to hit LA in
            years Radio preachers gibbered about the end
            of the world. There was a whole lot of wailing
            and gnashing of teeth.
            Without this expert guidance, the gamut of
            amateur rug repairs often causes weeping and
            gnashing of teeth among professionals.

            gnash your teeth
            44
            If you say that someone is gnashing their
            teeth, you mean that they are showing their
            anger or annoyance about something in a
            very obvious way.
            If Blythe heard that piece, I bet he was
            gnashing his teeth.
            He naturally gnashes his teeth over the growing
            number of lawsuits that have made doing
            business in America increasingly expensive and
            unpredictable.
            4
            grind your teeth
            If someone is grinding their teeth, they are
            very angry or frustrated about something, but
            feel that they cannot say or do anything about

            It

            Men respond that if women are in charge
            they don't do anything for other women either.
            The predominantly female audience was grinding
            its teeth.
            You can also talk about grinding of teeth,
            teeth-grinding, and tooth-grinding.
            There has been much grinding of teeth about
            what is seen by the government as the harsh

                evince -p 404 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            European Community's decisions on

            °f ™nrnent in relation to Britain.
            nessenv
            the

            Wheny

            can

            Qrf g

            llU[e

            boy 0f

            your father

            one minute oniy to cause
            u
            grinding embarrassment the next.

            gri*

            grit your teeth, you decide to carry
            though the situation you are in is
            «ven
            on KVC
            very difficult
            up soys that there are no simple solutions.
            to take time, that there is going
            hat it's going
            but we have to grit our teeth
            hardship,
            be
            and get on with it.
            y/e were very tired after Sunday which was
            and we now face five games in
            understandable
            players gritted their teeth and
            The
            days.
            nine

            Jo

            kept going

            have teeth

            thing about it had lately been setting his teeth

            on edge.

            His casual arrogance never failed to set my
            teeth on edge.
            There is a long roof above the old body of the
            church and this roof has been re-tiled fairly recently
            in hard, livid-red shiny tiles which set
            the teeth on edge.
            show your teeth
            If you show your teeth, you show that you
            are capable of fighting or defending yourself.
            The bureaucracy was still showing its teeth,
            resisting and trying to sabotage our efforts
            We need to show some teeth if we are going to
            solve the problems we have been experiencing.

            teething
            4

            If you say that an organization or law has
            teeth, you mean that it has the necessary
            authority or power to make people obey it.
            Trade union committees should have teeth,
            and not be convenient partners for manage
            ment.

            Pro-democracy campaigners complain that the

            new assembly will have no teeth.

            This legislation has teeth, but I am getting
            reports back that magistrates are not imposing
            the tougher penalties.
            <4
            lie through your teeth
            If you say that someone is lying through

            their teeth or is lying in their teeth, you
            mean that they are telling very obvious lies
            and do not seem to be embarrassed about
            this.
            We ought to be mad that public officials lie
            through their teeth
            'We were on vacation in Barbados a few
            years ago and we met Freddie Mercury in a
            bar. ' says Phil, lying through his teeth.
            I should have known he was lying in his
            teeth when he said he would pay more than we
            were owed

            like pulling teeth

            L

            tempest

            385

            tee**1 .

            If you say that doing something is like pulling
            teeth, you mean that it is very difficult.
            This expression is used mainly in American
            English.
            The whole scene over the last year is that people
            are just not buying. To get a car sold is
            like pulling teeth. And it's getting progressively

            Worse.
            Identifying excess and duplication of work is
            easy. Doing something about it is like pulling
            teeth.
            your teeth on edge
            •4
            If something sets your teeth on edge, you
            find it extremely irritating or unpleasant.
            He stood and took down the portrait. Some
            teething problems
            teething troubles
            444
            If a project or new product has teething
            problems or teething troubles, there are
            problems in its early stages or when it first
            becomes available. These expressions are used
            in British English.

            The Council has conceded there have been
            teething problems with the new voucher system
            but said these were being corrected
            Some teething troubles aside, it works but
            not, it appears, significantly better than the old
            system.

            tell
            tell someone where to get off
            If someone tells you where to get off. they
            are telling you in a rude and forceful way
            that they cannot accept what you are saying
            or doing.
            But if somebody tried to do that to you. you'd
            just go right up to them and tell them where to
            get off.
            Were she not Aubrey's niece, he would deal
            more sharply with her whining. He would tell
            her where to get off.

            tempest
            a tempest in a teapot
            If you say that something is a tempest in a
            teapot, you mean that it is not very important
            but people are making a lot of unnecessary
            ftiss about it. This expression is used in
            American English; the British expression is a
            storm in a teacup.
            ‘It's a tempest in a teapot. ' he said of the controversy
            over the painting.
            He believed that the agency's clash with the
            company was. in effect, a tempest in a teapot
            and that they would take appropriate action to
            placate the agency.


                evince -p 405 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            tether. She needed someone she could talk
        be on tenterhooks       på nålar
            If you are on tenterhooks, you are very nervous or excited, because you are keen to know what is going to happen.
            Dealers said the market was on tenterhooks about the size of the German rate cut.
            I know you're hanging on tenterhooks wanting to know what happened
            'It was a good match wasn't it? Very exciting.' 'Yes, we were on tenterhooks. '

            territory
            go with the territory
            If you are talking about a particular situa
            tion or activity and you say that something
            goes with the territory, you mean that it often
            occurs in that kind of situation or activity,
            and so you have to be prepared for it.
            At Arsenal, that kind of attention goes with
            the territory and I accept that l have to learn
            to live with it.
            For Robbins, activism goes with the territory.
            'Art and politics have always been connected, '
            he says.

            test
            stand the test of time
            If you say that something has stood the
            test of time, you mean that it has proved its
            value and has not failed or has not gone out
            of fashion since it first appeared. Verbs such
            as 'pass' and 'survive' are sometimes used instead
            of 'stand'.
            Many people will be wary of the peace until it
            has stood the test of time.
            The wit and wisdom of Oscar Wilde always
            seem to stand the test of time.
            Fashions in floor coverings come and go. but
            wooden floors have stood the test of time.
            Since it began manufacturing in 1933, Gossen
            has built easy-to-use, reliable equipment that
            has survived the test of time due to its robust

            design.

            tether
            at the end of your tether

            thicjj

            386

            someone she could trust.

            We all reached the end of our tether. |yj
            snapped. It was spontaneous action but peopu
            are now saying they are not putting up u,u.
            the appalling service any more.

            there
            not be all there
            If you say that someone is not all there
            you think that they are not very intelligent |
            He wasn't all there, a bit mental or something.
            But she wasn't all there and that's a fact
            You could see it in those eyes, pretty and stfi
            but more animal than human.

            thick
            in the thick of it
            in the thick of something
            If you are In the thick of it or In the thick
            of an activity or situation, you are deeply involved
            in the activity or situation.
            Although he was not a member of the Army
            Operational Staff, he soon pul himself in the

            thick of it.
            He suddenly found himself in the thick of desperate
            fighting
            He was in the thick of the action for the full
            90 minutes of the game.

            lay it on thick
            If you say that someone is laying it on
            thick, you mean that they are exaggerating a
            statement, experience, or emotion in order to
            impress people. I-ay it on with a trowel
            means the same.
            Gerhardt explained the position to the Press
            Officer, laying it on thick about Adrian Winter's
            importance.
            Very many people have written about this
            devastation, laying it on thick. But the real picture
            is more horrific.

            thick as mince

            If you say that someone is as thick as
            mean that they are very stupid.
            This expression is used mainly in Scottish
            English.
            No point in expecting any real help from Personnel
            - most of them are as thick as mince.
            Well, what do you expect? She's as thick as
            mince.
            mince, you

            44

            If you say that you are at the end of your
            tether, you mean that you feel desperate because
            you are in a difficult situation and you
            do not know how to deal with it. You can also
            use this expression to show your impatience
            or annoyance with someone. This expression
            is used mainly in British English; the usual
            American expression is at the end of your

            rope.
            I'm at the end of my tether trying to find support
            and a cure for this condition which I have
            suffered from for 13 years.
            She was in desperate straits, at the end of her

            thick as shit

            In British English, if you say that someone
            is as thick as shit, you mean that they are
            very stupid. This is a very informal expression,
            which many people find offensive.
            After a few minutes browsing through these
            establishments, we can only conclude that the


                evince -p 406 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            morn

            387

            till*1
            and their clientele are either thick
            proÿtbiinded by racism, or both.
            If tw„
            thieves,

            thieves
            or more people are as thick as
            very friendly with each oththev
            U1CJ are

            er

            Cook had met at the age of ten
            Jones andhad
            attended the Christopher Wren
            both
            when
            they were as
            in Shepherd's Bush Now
            Schoolas thieves
            thick
            to school with Maloney,
            Old man Grant went town.
            They're thick as
            in
            the other lawyer
            W
            business.
            thieves Maloney does all his
            thick as two planksplanks
            thick as two short
            If you say that someone is as thick as two
            planks or as thick as two short planks, you

            mean that they are very stupid. These expres
            sions are used in British English.
            His people regarded him as a great and wise

            monarch. In fact he was as thick as two

            planks.
            He was convinced that private investigator
            Paul Crook was immature, inexperienced and
            as thick as two short planks.
            through thick and thin
            44
            If you do something through thick and
            thin, you continue doing it even when circumstances
            make it very difficult for you.
            1 will go on loving James through thick and
            thin no matter what happens
            Few things give me greater pleasure in my
            public life than the knowledge that I have supported
            the Open University, through thick and
            thin.
            She has stuck with him through thick and
            thin, after everyone else thought he was a disgrace.

            thin
            spread yourself too thin
            4
            If you spread yourself too thin, you try to
            do a lot of different things at the same time,
            with the result that you cannot do any of
            them properly. Other adverbs can be used in
            L

            stead of 'too'.

            If you spread yourself too thin on the social
            circuit, you will not be able to keep up with
            everyone.
            'There are 80 of us taking care of 117 cemeteries.'
            'Isn't that spreading yourself a little
            thin?'

            0 You can also say that someone spreads

            themselves too thinly.

            Like so many businesses in the booming
            1980s, the company grew too fast and spread itself
            too thinly across too many diverse areas.

            thin as a rake
            thin as a stick
            If you say that someone is as thin as a
            rake or thin as a stick, you are emphasizing
            that they are very thin.
            I was so shocked by his appearance, his face
            so gaunt, his eyes sunk in their sockets and his
            body thin as a rake as though he were suffering
            from some wasting disease.
            I'd always been as thin as a stick but in London
            my weight went up to more than 12 stone.
            Other nouns such as 'rail' or 'lath' can be
            used instead of ‘rake' and 'stick'.
            She was blue-eyed, tall, thin as a rail, pale as
            paper and very young.
            She may be as thin as a lath, but singlehandedly she swings a huge wheelbarrow on
            and off her little gray truck in one smooth motion.

            thing
            do your own thing
            4-44
            If you do your own thing, you live, act, or
            behave in the way you want to, without paying
            attention to convention and without depending
            on other people.
            She was allowed to do her own thing as long
            as she kept in touch by phone to say she was
            okay.
            1 made a point of doing my own thing on the
            pitch and ignored my coach's instructions l
            must have been one of the most undisciplined
            players in Italy.

            one thing leads to another

            44

            If you are giving an account of something
            and you say 'one thing led to another', you
            mean that you do not think you need to give
            any details of events, because they happened
            in a fairly obvious way.
            / never thought I'd be a president, but after
            they closed down the university where 1 was a
            professor. 1 emerged as a kind of spokesman.
            One thing led to another and so here I am today

            At the end of the evening. Mike said he'd
            drop me home and. you've guessed it. one thing
            led to another and we ended up in bed.

            thorn
            a thorn in your side
            a thorn in your flesh

            444

            If you describe someone or something as a
            thorn in your side, you mean that they continually
            annoy or irritate you. You can also
            say that they are a thorn in your flesh.
            She has become a thorn in the side of the government
            since publishing a number of reports
            pointing out that public cash was being mis
            handled.


                evince -p 407 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            thread
            The council doesn't like organisations like

            ours because we're a thorn in their side.
            She was regarded locally as an undoubted eccentric,
            and was, apparently, a thorn in the

            flesh of the Teignmouth police.
            thread
            hang by a thread: 1
            4
            If you say that something hangs by a
            thread, you mean that it is very likely to fail.
            although it has not failed yet.
            It's clear that the ceasefire is hanging by a
            thread with as yet no appropriate impartial
            body to monitor or supervise it.
            England's World Cup hopes hang by a thread
            and they must now rely on the results of the
            others in their group going their way.
            hang by a thread: 2
            If you say that someone's life hangs by a
            thread, you mean that they are seriously ill
            and are very likely to die.
            The baby was delivered by emergency Caesarean
            and the life of her mother hung by a
            thread.
            His kidneys had failed and his life was hanging
            by a thread.

            throat
            cut your own throat
            If you say that someone Is cutting their
            own throat, you mean that they are making
            a mistake by doing something which is going
            to result in disaster for them. The verb 'slit'
            is sometimes used instead of ‘cut'.
            I think the union is cutting its own throat because
            the fact of the matter is, if General Motors
            can't get its costs in line, then its market
            share will continue to fall, and there will be
            even more jobs lost.
            Do they not care at all about the survival of
            the sport? They are slitting their own throats
            as they'll be the first to lose out when anglers
            start giving up.

            someone by the throat:1
            take someone by the throat
            have someone by the throat

            throaty

            388

            grab

            4

            If you grab someone or something by the
            throat or take them by the throat, you
            make a determined attempt to control, defeat,
            or deal with them.
            The French team grabbed the All Blacks by
            the throat and didn't let up the pressure on
            their players.
            Instead of being passive because life won't
            come to you, you must gel out there and grab
            life by the throat.
            Gloucestershire took the game by the throat
            from the start.
            If you are succeeding in dealing with some
            one or something, you say that you hay
            them by the throat.
            He has his enemy by the throat and he is jvabout to let go.
            grab someone by the throat: 2
            If something grabs you by the throat, it j,
            so powerful, interesting, or exciting that you
            are forced to pay attention to it.
            A large animal had died, leaving a smell that
            grabs you by the throat.
            The film still grabs you by the throat

            jump down someone's throat
            If you say something to someone and you
            complain that they then jump down your
            throat, you are complaining that they react
            in a very impatient, angry, and unpleasant
            way which you consider unjustified and unreasonable.
            If l even asked her about her day, she'd jump
            down my throat, as if 1 were interrogating her.
            Is your boss more likely to jump down your

            *
            I

            throat than listen to your

            ram

            something

            throat

            useful suggestions?
            down
            someone's

            If you accuse someone of trying to ram
            something down your throat, you mean that
            they are trying to force you to accept, believe,
            or learn something against your will. Verbs
            such as ‘shove', ‘force', and 'cram' are sometimes
            used instead of ‘ram'
            I can't understand why we're trying to ram
            Shakespeare down their throat when they
            haven 't got a basic education as regards reading
            and writing.
            'In America, you get religion shoved down
            your throat as soon as you're bom, ' says Paul.
            disgusted.
            I cannot force my beliefs down the throats of
            the Air Staff. I have to respond to the views of
            the Air Staff.

            throats
            at each other's throats
            at one another's throats

            44

            If you describe two people or groups as at
            each other's throats, you mean that they are
            continually arguing or fighting. You can also
            say that they are at one another's throats.
            He and Stevens didn't get on, they'd been at
            each other's throats for years.
            European partners, poised to sign a historic
            treaty for unity, were at each other's throats
            last night in some of the worst bickering since
            the Second World War.
            MPs are at one another's throats all the time.
            and it's not functioning as a very effective government.

            1


                evince -p 408 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            389

            tnr°eS
            throesthroes of something

            444

            are in the throes of doing or experiespecially something diffiIf
            encing are busy doing it or are deeply in*

            in

            m«
            cUived
            v0'
            Ugy-s parents are in the throes of moving
            „ nnd it

            seems they completely forgot about

            in all the upheaval
            is in the throes of its worst
            market
            The stock
            1
            ' crisis. Amid rumours of brokers commitspeculators going bankrupt.
            suicide and collapsed.
            have
            prices
            diorr
            future looked
            earlier this year, the paper's
            tfte throes of a four month-old
            bleak It wot in losing
            nearly a million dollars
            and was

            strike

            a day

            throttle
            at full throttle

            in full throttle

            4

            at hill throttle,
            they do it with all their energy and effort
            When someone is behaving like this, you can
            say they are at full throttle or are in hill
            If

            someone does something

            throttle.
            He started at full throttle, denouncing 'the
            poll tax which the Tories believe they can use
            to drive down living conditions and force poverty
            and suffering on working people'.
            This was the actress whom l had seen in full
            throttle in performance, destroying all in her
            path
            You can use full throttle in other ways.
            She was a high-powered Western businesswoman
            who went at things full throttle.
            Robert Palmer turns on his oh so-suave and
            silky touch and gives it full throttle on his lat
            est album, Ridin' High.
            0 At full throttle is often used literally to
            talk about an engine which is operating at its
            greatest speed.

            thumb
            have a green thumb

            4

            If you say that someone has a green
            thumb, you mean that they are very good at

            gardening. This expression is used in Ameri
            English; the British expression is have
            green Angers.
            She had a green thumb and using only instinct
            and countless loads of cow manure, casu-

            can

            grew tomatoes, scallions, peonies, roses
            ond bumper crops of fruit.
            You can describe someone who is good at
            gardening as green-thumbed
            The green thumbed gardeners will share the
            secrets of their success at a series of nine gar
            dening workshops.

            Liiuiuua

            stick out like a sore thumb
            4
            stand out like a sore thumb
            If you say that someone or something sticks
            out like a sore thumb or stands out like a
            sore thumb, you mean that they are very noticeable
            because they are very different from
            the other people or things around them
            But the increase in armed robbery, that's a
            big problem. Foreigners are at somewhat greater
            risk because they are more wealthy and they
            stick out like a sore thumb

            'First impressions are very important,' says
            Baines 'Does the new housing stick out like a
            sore thumb or blend into its surroundingsV
            In that country a European stands out like a
            sore thumb.
            44
            under someone's thumb
            If you say that someone is under another

            person's thumb, you disapprove of the fact
            that the other person keeps them under their
            control or has a very strong influence on
            them.
            'You mean he travels with his mother?' 'Incredible,
            isn 't it? He's utterly under her thumb
            It's a wonder he dared move out of his room
            without her permission.'
            National television is firmly under the thumb
            of the hardline president.
            Ian told the court how his wife kept him under
            the thumb during their seven-year marriage.

            thumbs
            all thumbs
            all fingers and thumbs
            If you do something in a clumsy way and
            keep making mistakes while you are doing it,
            you can say that you are all thumbs. In Brit

            tsh English, you can also say that you are all
            Angers and thumbs
            Can you open this? I'm all thumbs.
            I wish l had asked more questions in hospital.
            The staff made it look so easy but when l
            came to give Stephanie a bath. I was all fin
            gers and thumbs.
            444
            the thumbs down
            If you give a plan, suggestion, or activity
            the thumbs down, you show that you do not
            approve of it and are not willing to accept it.

            Out of 58,000 replies, 79 per cent gave the
            thumbs down to compulsory testing
            Unlicensed boxing should be illegal. It is dan
            gerous for the individuals involved, dangerous
            for the sport and gets a firm thumbs down

            from me.

            A thumbs down or a thumbs-down sign
            is a sign that you make by pointing your
            thumb downwards in order to show dissatisfaction
            or disagreement, or to show that
            things are going badly.


                evince -p 409 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            thunder

            390

            444
            the thumbs up
            If you give a plan, suggestion, or activity

            the thumbs up, you show that you approve
            of it and are willing to accept it.
            A big US oil company is giving the big
            thumbs up to the president's energy plan.
            The chairman of the Federal Communications
            Commission today gave a tentative thumbs-up
            to the alliance.
            The ski school gets the thumbs up from visi
            tors.

            A thumbs up or a thumbs-up sign is a
            sign that you make by pointing your thumb
            upwards in order to show satisfaction or
            agreement, or to show that everything is all
            right.
            4
            twiddle your thumbs
            If you say that someone is twiddling their
            thumbs, you mean that they do not have anything
            to do or are wasting their time, and are
            not achieving anything useful.

            The Government must address this problem.
            It cannot expect graduates who have invested
            time and their parents' money to go to univer
            sity then to twiddle their thumbs on the dole.
            I feel it's important to organise things for the
            children. You can 't trust schools to do it. and if
            you leave children to themselves, they only
            twiddle their thumbs.

            thunder
            4
            steal someone's thunder
            If someone steals your thunder, they stop you from getting attention or praise by doing something better or more exciting than you, or by doing what you had intended to do before you can do it. You can also say that someone steals the thunder from you.

            Be wary. He's liable to be either a bad boss or an insecure one and afraid that you might steal some of his thunder.
            He has begun to make a habit of stealing the thunder from his potential rivals.

            ticket
            a one-way ticket

            4

            If you describe something as a one-way
            ticket to a particular situation or state.
            usually an undesirable or unpleasant one, you
            mean that it is certain to lead to that situation.
            Having strong feelings for someone when
            those feelings aren't returned or even acknowledged
            can be difficult to cope with and very
            painful. It represents a one-way ticket to un
            happiness.
            She knew that the succession of secretarial
            jobs she'd picked up since leaving college were
            a one-way ticket to nowhere, professionally
            speaking.

            tide

            *H

            swim against the tide
            swim with the tide
            If you say that someone Is swimmtÿ "
            against the tide, you mean that they arecjj
            ing or saying something which is the oppog;ÿ
            of what most other people are doing or say_
            >ng

            Adenauer generally appeared to be swimming
            the tide in international politics.
            Smith New Court is swimming against the
            tide of financial forecasters and reckons inflation
            will fall over the next year.
            If you say that someone is swimming with
            the tide, you mean that they are acting in the
            same way as most other people
            In promoting in Britain a more co-operative,
            less confrontational form of capitalism we are
            swimming with the tide of the future.
            against

            tight
            sit tight

            444

            If you decide to sit tight you decide that
            the best way to deal with a difficult situation
            is to wait and see how it develops before taking
            any action.
            The message is, those who want to sell their
            houses should sit tight for a couple of years if
            they can.
            I think the Bundesbank is going to sit tight
            for a couple of months, at least until it sees
            good news on pay settlements and better signs
            on money supply growth.
            They would be better off sitting tight in their
            cosy defended positions, holding fire until they
            saw their attackers' next move

            tightrope
            walk a tightrope

            444

            If you say that someone is walking a tightrope.
            you mean that they are in a difficult or
            delicate situation and need to be very careful
            what they do or say. because they need to
            take account of the interests of opposing
            groups.
            He is walking a tightrope between the young
            activists and the more traditional elements
            within the democracy movement.
            The government is walking a tightrope in trying
            to keep in balance all the various economic

            factors.

            You can refer to someone's attempt to satisfy
            the interests of opposing groups as a tightrope
            walk.
            The strategy is something of a tightrope

            walk.

            tiles
            on the tiles
            If someone has a night on the tiles, they go

            J


                evince -p 410 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            391

            till
            .

            1

            the evening, for example to a bar or
            an(i do not return home until very late
            (he following morning. This expres
            d'sCO'fii
            oron
            Charlotte was

            Sl

            « used in British English.
            dressed for a night on the tiles.
            though you've been out on the
            You look as

            tiles, hen.

            till

            hand in the till
            have your fingers
            in the till
            have your

            4

            If you say that someone has had their hand
            in the till or has had their fingers in the

            till, you toeau that they have he*31 caught
            or doing something wrong. You can
            also talk about people being caught or found
            stealing

            with their hands in the till or with their
            are

            fingers in the till. These expressions

            used mainly in British English; the usual
            American expression is caught with your
            hand in the cookie jar
            They have acknowledged that I did not have
            my hand in the till, I took no money for personal
            use and have not misappropriated any
            funds whatsoever.
            Thirteen company directors were found with
            their hands in the till in the first quarter of
            this year.
            He got caught with his fingers in the till once
            too often.

            time
            big time
            4
            You can use big time to emphasize the importance
            or extent of something that is happening.
            This expression is used mainly in
            American English.
            Wall Street does not like surprises and DEC
            is surprising Wall Street big time
            With a little luck we could make this thing
            work, and work big-time.
            the big time
            hit the big time
            -444
            The big time means fame and success.
            When someone becomes famous and successful.
            you can say that they hit the big time
            Sinclair now looks ready for a crack at the
            big time.

            After a series of small but critically acclaimed
            roles in the Eighties, she has now
            moved into the big time.
            He opened his own salon in 1923 and hit the
            big time in 1935, when he designed the wedding
            dress for the Duchess of Gloucester.
            You can use big-time to describe someone

            or something that is very successful, powerful,
            or important.
            He was a big-time drug trafficker who fled to
            Miami in 1986 to escape Colombian justice.

            1111

            live on borrowed time
            be on borrowed time
            44
            If you say that someone or something is living
            on borrowed time or is on borrowed
            time, you mean that you do not expect them
            to survive for much longer.
            The organization is living on borrowed time
            Its state funding runs out in June of this year,
            and beyond that, the future is in doubt
            From this moment onwards, this government
            is on borrowed time.

            mark time

            44

            If you mark time, you do not do anything
            new or decisive, because you are waiting to
            see how a situation develops.
            Today's gathering of European finance ministers
            in Bath can do little more than mark time
            pending the French referendum on September

            20th
            The negotiations will resume next month at
            the State Department, but it could be an occasion
            for marking time, waiting for the Clinton
            administration to lean in one direction or the
            other
            play for time
            444
            If you play for time, you try to delay doing
            or saying something definite until you have
            decided what is the best course of action to
            take.
            He had to play for time, give himself a moment
            to think.
            Pierce was playing for time, trying to decide
            if the call was genuine or some kind of hoax.
            The republic's government is playing for tune
            by asking for clarification of the nature of the
            economic sanctions.

            4-44
            time on your hands
            If you have time on your hands, you have
            a lot of free time and you do not know what
            to do with it.

            Jimmy needed discipline and planned activities.
            He had too much time on his hands and
            that caused him to get into trouble.
            There are one or two other people on the estate
            with time on their hands. 1 think they
            would all be eager to do something useful.
            With more time on their hands, many people
            would like to become mature students but worry
            about whether they will be able to cope with
            the demands of studying while they still have
            mortgages and other commitments to attend to.

            tin
            have a tin ear for something
            If you say that someone has a tin ear for
            something, you mean that they do not have
            any natural ability for it and cannot appreciate
            or understand it fully. Compare have an
            ear for something; see ear
            For a playwright specializing in characters


                evince -p 411 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            tinker
            who use the vernacular, he has a tin ear for
            dialogue.

            a tin god
            a little tin god
            If you accuse someone of behaving like a tin
            god or like a little tin god. you are accusing
            them of behaving as if they are much more
            important and powerful than they actually
            are. These expressions are used mainly in
            British English.
            So what are his qualifications for acting like
            a little tin god?
            In a country that has neither government nor
            political structure, he negotiated with tin-god
            warlords.

            today

            392

            know what it is even though you cannot re.
            member it at the moment
            I know this. no. no. don't tell me. oh, it's on
            the tip of my tongue.
            But it was no good trying to force recall it
            would come to him eventually, like an elusipf
            name on the tip of the tongue.
            the tip of the iceberg
            If you describe something as the tip of the
            iceberg, you mean that it is part of a very
            large problem or a very serious situation, although
            the rest may not be obvious or fully
            known about.
            We get about 2,000 complaints every year and
            we are just the tip of the iceberg. Most people

            suffer in silence.
            MPs Richard Burden and Lynne Jones
            claimed the case was the tip qf a very large iceberg
            when they revealed the whole of the gruesome
            story.
            Mr Gunn said the Fitzgerald inquiry only
            touched the tip of an iceberg of corruption
            tip the balance
            tip the scales
            When two possible outcomes of a situation
            just

            tinker
            not give a tinker's damn
            not give a tinker's cuss
            If you say that you don't give a tinker's
            damn or don't give a tinker's cuss about
            something, you mean that you do not care
            about it at all. These are informal expressions,
            which are now old fashioned.
            The people in town did not seem to be as excited
            about it. I felt that day that most of them
            were uninformed and couldn't give a tinker's
            damn about the bowling alley or the students.
            For 50 weeks cf the year, give or take the odd
            Davis Cup disaster, the great British public
            couldn't give a tinker's cuss about tennis.
            You can also say that someone or some
            thing is not worth a tinker's damn when
            you think they are useless or worthless.
            The real truth is you haven't been worth a
            tinker's damn all week.
            Worthless items are dismissed as not worth a
            tinker's damn.

            _

            seem equally likely, and then

            something happens
            which is sufficient to produce one outcome
            rather than the other, you can say that
            this thing tips the balance or tips the

            scales.
            As the election looms, the two main parties
            appear so evenly matched that just one issue
            could tip the balance.
            years later, she still believed it had been
            Howe's warnings, not the children's welfare or
            any residual love for her, that had finally
            tipped the scales against his leaving her for a

            new life with Lucy.

            tip

            tod

            on the tip of your tongue:1

            on your tod

            •»
            If you say that a remark or question was on
            the tip of your tongue, you mean that you
            really wanted to say something but decided
            not to.
            The worst happened. Amelia confirmed his
            fear that she didn't love him. At this point he
            could have easily counter-attacked. The words
            were on the tip of his tongue, but he took a
            deep breath, and instead said, 'Let's take some
            time out. I don't think I can talk about it right
            now without getting hostile myself. '
            'What do you make of it?' he said after a
            while. It was on the tip of my tongue to tell
            him he'd have to ask Charlie. But I said nothing

            on the tip of your tongue: 2
            If you say that something such as a word,
            answer, or name is on the tip of your
            tongue, you mean that you are sure you

            If you do something on your tod, you do it
            by yourself, without help from anyone else. If
            you are on your tod, you are alone. This expression
            is used in British English.
            Oliver knows it's odds against me picking up
            his trail on my tod.
            You're the talk cf the Branch, the way you
            sussed things out all on your tod.
            The main restaurant's OK. I use it every so
            often when I'm on my tod.

            today
            4
            here today, gone tomorrow
            If you say that something or someone is
            here today, gone tomorrow or here today
            and gone tomorrow, you mean that they are
            only present for a short time. You often use
            this expression to suggest that this is a bad
            thing


                evince -p 412 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            fiave been numerous schemes designed
            children who are here today, gone
            to Pr'„... with the same educational opportu
            settled children.
            nu
            a big difference be
            Well i think it makes
            that they have is not true
            freedom
            the
            cause and that's because it's here today and
            freedom.

            eone tomorrow. sometimes use here today,
            fiU Journalists
            before a noun to describe a
            gone tomorrow
            person or thing that is present for only a
            short time.
            The defence

            secretary stormed off. throwing
            his microphone at Day, who had described him
            as a 'here today, gone tomorrow minister'.
            Designers should be concentrating on creating
            beautiful, wearable clothes that flatter women
            and make them feel attractive. Here today, gone
            tomorrow fashion fads are passe.

            toe
            a toe in the water

            noun.

            We are taking a toe in the water approach,
            with a small gallery; but I think Paris has tre
            mendous potential.

            L

            4

            If you go or stand toe to toe with someone,
            you fight, argue, or compete with them fiercely.
            openly, and directly. This expression is
            used mainly in American English, but it is
            also sometimes used in British journalism.
            The company might seem to be strong enough
            to go toe-to-toe with their rivals But Borden
            has no such intentions.
            They do not stand toe to toe as enemies, as
            the relationship cf so-called right- and left-wing
            Catholics is sometimes characterized. They are
            not necessarily opposed to each other at all.
            He couldn t think cf anything else. If it didn 't
            work, he'd just fight it out toe to toe until there
            was nothing left to fight with. He wouldn't sur
            render.

            You can also use toe-to-toe before a noun.
            Toe-to-toe confrontations have plagued the

            project.

            toes
            keep you on your toes
            If you say that someone or something keeps
            you on your toes, you mean that they cause
            you or force you to be alert and ready for
            anything that might happen.
            She kept us on our toes right from the moment
            she took command
            He is just back from his third nationwide
            campaign tour in a year and his fiery campaign
            rhetoric has kept opposition parties on
            their toes for months.
            It's always good to have a little bit of appre
            hension, because it keeps you on your toes,
            doesn't it?

            make your toes curl

            If you dip your toe in the water, you start
            slowly and carefully doing something that you
            have not done before, because you are not
            sure if you will like it or if it will be successful.
            This expression is used more commonly
            in British English than American There are
            several variations of this expression; for ex
            ample, you can say that you have your toe in
            the waters.
            Last year, she finally dipped a toe in the commercial
            waters by hiring an agent.
            Recently, judges have been encouraged to dip
            a cautious toe into the waters of public debate.
            His company has recently opened offices in
            Taiwan and Spain, and has begun a joint venture
            in South Korea. "We have our toes in the
            water, ' Mr. Creedon says.
            You can also use toe in the water before a

            toe to toe

            toes

            393

            toe

            4

            If something makes your toes curl, you re
            act to it very strongly, and, for example, find
            it very embarrassing or very exciting
            He reminds us of every time our toes curled
            in the past watching TV presenters making idi
            otic comments or squirm inducing Jokes.
            There are moments of tenderness and some
            very funny scenes in Nigel Charnock's direc
            lion. And there are scenes, too, that make your
            toes curl.
            You can also talk about a toe-curling experience.

            Movies about famous explorers rarely work.
            as some recent toecurling efforts show.
            step on someone's toes
            44
            tread on someone's toes
            If you step on someone's toes or tread on
            their toes, you offend them by criticizing the
            way they do something or by interfering in
            something that is their responsibility.
            ‘Small shopkeepers know who sells what, ' Sue
            explains, ‘and so you don't step on one
            another's toes. '
            Women often feel ridiculously inhibited and
            duty-bound not to antagonize the men they
            work with or tread on too many toes.

            turn up your toes
            In British English, if you say that someone

            toes, you mean
            that they die This expression is used to refer
            to death in a light-hearted or humorous way.
            Gardening is a joy for thousands cf Britons.
            for most of the time. But then those Utile problems
                crop up. Pests and diseases turn great
            plans into dismal flops, healthy looking plants
            turn up their toes, and crystal pools become

            or something turns up their

            smelly puddles.


                evince -p 413 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            toffee

            tongue

            394

            toffee

            ton

            can't do something for toffee

            come down on someone like a ton nr

            If you say, for example, that you can't
            dance for toffee or you can't sing for toffee,
            you are emphasizing that you are very bad at
            dancing or singing. This expression is used in
            British English.
            We set off, and within a step or two it was
            clear she couldn't dance for toffee; she was as
            rigid as a telegraph pole and quite unwilling
            to be led,

            Tom
            every Tom, Dick, and Harry

            4

            The expression every Tom, Dick, and Harry
            is used to refer informally or scornfully to
            ordinary people who do not have any special
            skills or qualities. In this expression, 'or' can
            be used instead of 'and', and 'Harriet' and
            various other names are sometimes used in
            stead of 'Harry'.
            In the last two years, the summer clientele going
            there has deteriorated. These days, they've
            been letting in every Tom, Dick and Harry.
            You cannot sell a gun to any Tom Dick or
            Harry, can you? It's very difficult to obtain a
            legally held gun.
            Any Tom, Dick or Harriet can put on a jack
            et and say, 'I'll be a producer. ' I've just proved
            It

            tomorrow
            like there's no tomorrow
            as if there were no tomorrow

            4

            If someone does something like there's no
            tomorrow or as if there were no tomorrow,
            they do it a lot. without thinking about the
            consequences of their behaviour.
            Only one group is taking up smoking like
            there's no tomorrow, and that's teenage girls.
            One quarter of IS-year-old girls smoke now, averaging
            50 cigarettes a week.
            In the property boom of the 1980s, the banks
            lent to property companies in Britain as if
            there were no tomorrow.

            tomorrow is another day
            You say tomorrow is another day when
            you have just had an unhappy experience but
            you are confident or hopeful that your life
            will be much better in the future.
            Smith told newspapers that his wife's killer
            was an evil woman, but that he fully intended
            to piece his life back together. 7 may take a
            walk down the fields and have a cry alone, but
            then I'll carry on. Tomorrow is another day.'
            Everything went wrong. I didn't play well,
            but tomorrow is another day.

            bricks

            I

            . II

            If you do something wrong and someoiw
            with authority comes down on you like
            ton of bricks, they reprimand or punish yoq
            very severely. You can also say that
            will be down on you like a ton of bricks.
            If you do something awful they all come
            down on you like a ton of bricks.
            If I owed them any money, they'd be down on
            me like a ton of bricks.
            The metric measurement tonne is occasionally
            used instead of ton.

            someone I

            I

            like a ton of bricks
            Like a ton of bricks is used to indicate
            that something happens very suddenly and
            dramatically. For example, if something hits
            you like a ton of bricks, you suddenly become
            aware of it. If you fall for someone like
            a ton of bricks, you fall suddenly and very
            deeply in love with them.
            By mid-July, the dangers had hit Bobby like
            a ton of bricks.
            She was twenty when Orpen met her and he
            fell for her like a ton of bricks.

            tongue
            bite your tongue
            hold your tongue

            444

            If you bite your tongue or hold your
            tongue, you do not say a particular thing,
            even though you want to or are expected to.
            because it would be the wrong thing to say in
            the circumstances, or because you are waiting
            for a more appropriate time to speak.
            I'm perfectly prepared to bite my tongue until
            I've learned what the system is all about. Then
            when I've got something to contribute, they will
            hear from me.
            Douglas held his tongue, preferring not to
            speak out on a politically sensitive issue he felt
            was best left to politicians.

            find your tongue
            If you find your tongue, you begin to talk,
            when you have previously been too shy.
            frightened, or embarrassed to say anything
            After a pause in which the gallery's distinguished
            visitor seemed lost for words, he eventually
            found his tongue.
            4
            get your tongue round something
            If you say that you cannot get your tongue
            round a word or phrase, you mean that you
            find it difficult to pronounce. This expression
            is used in British English.
            He couldn t get his tongue round the word.
            The Americans are as notorious as the British
            for their inability to get their tongues
            around foreign words.

            A


                evince -p 414 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            son'®0,'e the rough side of your

            *tong«e
            give

            someone the rough edge of your

            someone the rough side of your
            If y
            the rough edge of your tongue.
            or
            f°n peak angrily or harshly to them about
            s
            that they have done wrong. This is
            (ild fashioned expression, which is used in

            British English.
            He‘s really going to

            tooth

            395

            ton£ue

            He does not hesitate to tongue-lash anyone
            who crosses his path.

            tongues
            tongues are wagging
            set tongues wagging

            4

            If you say that tongues are wagging, you
            mean that people are gossiping as a result of
            someone's behaviour. You can also say that a

            before the police told you that Poster

            person's behaviour sets tongues wagging.
            They spent an evening together at his
            Knightsbridge flat. He said they played bridge
            but added: ‘Ho doubt tongues will be wagging.'
            Tongues started wagging when Claudia
            moved from her native Germany to Monaco
            earlier this year.
            Pop singer Madonna set tongues wagging at
            a star studded party by arriving with a mys
            tery date.

            tongue, you are accusing them of lying or of
            deliberately misleading people
            He speaks with forked tongue. / don't trust
            him and I don't like him.
            Everybody in this business is talking with

            down tools
            lay down tools
            4
            If a group of people down tools or lay

            give the boy the rough

            side of his tongue Ijorimer,'
            said Kemp, giving
            •Come on. Mrs
            edge of his tongue, ‘you surely
            her the rough
            knew

            Yates ran the Wallingford Motel. '
            speak with forked tongue
            4
            talk with forked tongue
            If you accuse someone of speaking with
            forked tongue or of talking with forked

            forked tongue.
            tongue in cheek
            444
            with tongue in cheek
            If you describe a remark or piece of writing
            as tongue in cheek, you mean that it is

            meant to be funny and ironic, and is not
            meant to be taken seriously. You can also say
            that someone is talking or writing with
            tongue in cheek
            I think people are taking all this more seriously
            than we intended. It was supposed to be
            tongue in cheek.
            If Howard has said that about Olney, it must
            have been with tongue in cheek.
            Labour MPs, some with their tongue firmly
            m their cheeks, judged the overall result to
            have rewarded ‘the competent and the loyal'.
            O Tongue-in-cheek can also be used before a

            noun.

            We ran that ad just one time and it was
            meant to be a light-hearted, tongue-in-cheek
            approach. We never intended to offend anyone

            tongue-lashing

            4

            If someone gives you a tongue-lashing, they
            speak harshly or angrily to you about something
            that you have done. You can also say

            that they tongue-lash you.

            After a cruel tongue-lashing, he threw the
            out of the group, sending the boys onto the
            streets to search for a replacement.
            The President cf the EU Commission was giv
            en a tongue lashing from Mr Major and

            (Url

            told to drop his objections to a world trade

            deal.

            tools

            down tools, they stop working, for example
            in order to protest about something. These ex
            pressions are used in British English.
            In August 1980, the workers at this shipyard
            downed tools and went on strike for pay in
            creases.

            Metal workers, engineers, dockers, chemical
            workers, waiters and cooks are among those
            who have laid down tools this week. They want
            their pay to be brought up to West German levels
            by next year.

            the tools of the trade

            4

            The tools of the trade or the tools of your
            trade are the skills and equipment which you
            need to do your job properly.
            He was never a novelist in the conventional
            sense, having no use for the conventional tools
            of the trade such as plot and suspense; he
            wrote from experience first and imagination second.
            Grace's fingers were the tools of her trade.
            The peasants were deprived of their animals,
            the tools of their trade, and their land.

            tooth
            fight tooth and nail
            4
            fight tooth and claw
            If you fight tooth and nail for something,
            you make a determined effort to keep it or get
            it, when other people are trying to take it
            away from you or prevent you from having it.
            You can also say that you fight tooth and
            claw for something. Other verbs such as 'battle'
            can be used instead of ‘fight'.
            Our autonomous republics are fighting tooth
            and nail to preserve their special status


                evince -p 415 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            tooth
            The pair had fought tooth and claw for four
            hours and eight minutes until John McEnroe
            emerged the victor.
            There are 12 League games to go and that's
            36 points. We must battle tooth and nail for
            every one of them.
            If you fight something tooth and nail or
            tooth and claw, you make a determined effort
            to stop it.
            Opponents in Parliament, which has to vote
            on the measure, vowed to fight it tooth and
            nail.
            As a member of the council I fought the proposal
            tooth and claw.

            long in the tooth
            4
            If you describe someone as long in the
            tooth, you mean that they are getting old. If
            you describe something such as a machine or
            system as long in the tooth, you mean that
            it is old and outdated and should be replaced.
            This expression is sometimes used lightheartedly about a person or thing that is not
            really old at all.
            ‘Why don't you enrol in the University and
            take a proper course?' 'Aren't I a bit long in
            the tooth to start being an undergraduate?'
            Yet Porsche has other problems that look too
            big for it to solve on its own. The biggest is
            that its models are rather long in the tooth.
            The last really all-new Porsche was the 928.
            launched in 1978.

            red in tooth and claw

            4

            If you describe something as red in tooth
            and claw, you mean that it involves competitive
            and ruthless behaviour. This is a literary
            expression.

            My wife and 1 both now work for companies
            that are red in tooth and claw.
            His intention was to demonstrate that labour
            is no longer red in tooth and claw, but a serious
            and sober political parly.
            People sometimes talk about nature red in
            tooth and claw when they are describing the
            way wild creatures hunt and kill each other
            for food.
            We had left orderly Canberra with its just-so
            boulevards and civic monuments and were
            heading into the bush to take on nature red in
            tooth and claw.

            a sweet tooth

            44

            If you have a sweet tooth, you like eating
            are sugary or taste sweet.
            She has a sweet tooth for chocolate cake and

            things that

            peppermint

            top

            396

            creams.

            The cream tea ts especially authentic with its
            traditional fresh farmhouse clotted cream. For
            those without a sweet tooth, savoury snacks are
            also available.

            top
            blow your top
            If you blow your top, you become very
            gry with someone and shout at them. Bio*
            your stack means the same.
            It's a pent up rage that 1 don't let out regy.
            larly enough. 1 blew my top recently and broke
            my right hand on a dustbin.
            1 wanted to talk to her about it, to understand
            her reasoning. But 1 never asked personal questions because she'd always blow her top.

            from top to bottom
            If you say that you have cleaned, tidied, 9
            examined something from top to bottom,
            you are emphasizing that you have done it
            completely and thoroughly.
            She scrubbed the house from top to bottom.
            She searched the apartment from top to bottom
            for the missing letters.
            You can also use top to bottom before a
            noun.
            He called for a top to bottom review of existing
            regulations to see which of them could be

            eliminated.

            from top to toe
            44
            You can use from top to toe to emphasize
            that you are talking about the whole of
            someone's body. This expression is used
            mainly in British English. From head to toe
            and from head to foot mean the same.
            Carefully, methodically, she began to wash
            her body from top to toe.
            She was trembling from top to toe.
            He's dressed from top to toe in black.
            You can also use top-to-toe before a noun.
            Nothing beats a glass of mineral water for a

            top-to-toe great feeling.
            A top to toe body treatment is just about the
            ultimate in luxury.

            get on top of you

            4

            If you say that something is getting on top
            of you. you mean that you are feeling depressed
            and helpless because it is very difficult
            or worrying, or because it involves more
            work than you can cope with.
            / was depressed. / was fed up with everything.
            Everything was just getting on top of

            me.

            Most of us from time to tune will have been
            told by close friends or partners that we are irritable
            or bad tempered when things get on top
            of us.
            Things have been getting on top of me lately
            Business hasn't been good, they're talking of
            firing some of us.
            on top of something
            444
            If you are on top of a task or situation, you
            are dealing with it successfully. If you are be
            -A


                evince -p 416 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            torch
            e

            you can
            to deal with it successfully,

            are getting on top of it.
            inn.lhat youjob
            You've got to be on top of the
            the

            Pr0ÿ!erÿeadlinesgovernment's inability to get on

            were mostly about the current

            nd the

            ""tithedon'tsituation.
            keep up with modem trends, we'll
            we

            \ye

            toss-up

            397

            are getting on top of crime but there is

            much more to be done.

            over the top: 1
            OTT

            444

            the top,
            If you describe something as overyou
            think
            u are being critical of it because
            it is extreme and exaggerated.
            At one point, which I think is a bit over the
            top. he talks about the collapse of civilisation.
            Perhaps I was a bit over the top, accusing
            you at the inquiry of being a traitor.

            When I look at models with all that over-the
            top make up, 1 think. ‘What happens when you

            take your face off. when they see you in the
            morning?'
            O In informal British English, you can also
            say that something is OTT This is an abbre
            viation of 'over the top' and it is pronounced
            'o 1 1\ as if you are spelling it out.
            Newcastle boss Keegan has vowed to appeal
            against his fine, imposed for comments to the
            referee after a flare-up at Derby last season.
            ‘It's OTT. ' said Keegan. ‘I just feel it's severe. '
            Each design is very different in style. Some
            are subtle, some gloriously OTT.

            over the top: 2
            In a competition or contest, if something
            puts someone over the top, it results in them
            winning. This expression is used in American
            English
            The Pepsi Challenge had pushed us over the
            top. allowing us to unseat Coke as the numberone soft drink in supermarkets.
            Competitive schools receive applications from
            dozens of varsity players, newspaper editors,
            and class presidents, many of whom are 'A'
            students as well. An extracurricular may push
            a candidate over the top.

            torch
            carry a torch for someone
            If you carry a torch for someone, you are
            in love with them but they do not love you or
            they are already involved with another per
            son. The verb ‘hold' is sometimes used in
            stead of 'carry'.
            What makes a woman so special that a man
            will carry a torch for her all his life?
            As a child l was always having crushes on
            boys. I can still remember all their faces' sometimes
            I would carry a torch for years.
            He never saw the woman again. And he went

            through the rest

            her.

            of his life holding a torch for

            carry the torch
            If you carry the torch for something such
            as a political party or a particular belief, you
            support it very strongly and try to persuade
            other people to support it too. Other verbs
            can be used instead of 'carry'.
            This group aims to carry the torch for the
            millions of people who demonstrated and the
            thousands who died.
            I just want to thank all of you for carrying
            the torch, for being the grass roots that make

            our party what it is.

            There's nobody left to take up the torch for
            the unity at national level.

            toss
            argue the toss
            If someone argues the toss, they waste
            their time by arguing about something which
            is not important or which cannot be changed
            anyway. This expression is used in British
            English.
            Anyway, while London and Paris were still
            arguing the toss, the whole situation changed.
            Dad would nudge him, and he would wake
            suddenly, bad tempered, ready to argue the toss
            with anyone.

            not give a toss

            44

            If you say that you don't give a toss about
            something, you mean that you do not care
            about it at all. This is an informal expression,
            which is used in British English. Some people
            consider it offensive.
            7 didn't give a toss about society because it
            had never given a toss about me.
            ‘We couldn't give a toss what journalists
            think,' says Dave Chambers. Cornershop's
            drummer.
            The findings of a government inquiry may or
            may not, in three or four months' time, blame
            someone. But even if it does, who gives a toss?

            toss-up
            be a toss-up

            44

            If two or more courses of action seem equally
            likely to succeed or tail, you can say it's a
            toss-up which one you choose. Similarly, if

            two or more things are equally likely to happen,
            you can say it's a toss-up which one

            will happen.
            We could send you on to Scapa, but then she
            might come back here. Equally if you stay here,
            she might go to Scapa. Or Rosyth. Or anywhere.
            It's a toss-up really.
            Some said it's a toss-up whether oil prices
            will go up or down over the days ahead


                evince -p 417 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            touch
            touch
            the common touch

            touch paper
            44

            If you say that someone in a position of
            power has the common touch, you mean
            that they understand how ordinary people
            think and feel, and that they are able to communicate
            well with them.
            The Home Secretary smiled. It was the easy
            expression of a man who, though born into
            wealth, prides himself on having the common
            touch.
            Everyone agrees that he is one of the most talented
            politicians in Japan. But he lacks the
            common touch, and has little support outside

            his own faction.
            The Bishop is said to have the common touch
            but his left-tfcentre political views are said to
            weigh against him.

            kick something into touch

            mainly in British English.
            The prospect of an independent Bank of Eng
            land voice in formulating economic policy was
            kicked into touch last night as Downing Street
            named Eddie George, the current deputy, as
            governor, making it plain that the Bank would
            remain strongly under Treasury influence.
            She kicked the booze into touch, came back
            from the brink and emerged a whole person
            again.
            Trish Johnson 's challenge for the US
            Women's Open Championship was kicked into
            touch by a foot injury here yesterday,
            44

            If you say that someone is a soft touch or
            an easy touch, you mean that it is easy to
            make them do what you want or agree with
            you.
            He did not get where he is today by being
            either a soft touch or a poor judge of his core
            businesses.
            The team still has a reputation for being a
            soft touch.
            Pamela was an easy touch when she needed
            some cash.

            touch and go

            light the blue touch paper
            light the touch paper
            If you say that someone lights the blue
            touch paper or lights the touch paper, yÿ
            mean that they do something which causes
            other people to react in an angry or aggressive
            way. These expressions are used in British English.
            This kind of remark is guaranteed to light
            the blue touch paper with some Labour politicians
            He had heard ding-dong verbal battles there
            before, but nothing like as combative. Still, it
            had been building up for weeks. All it took
            was Mussonwell to light the blue touch paper
            and stand back.

            tough
            4

            If you kick something into touch, you reject
            it or postpone it. This expression is used

            a soft touch
            an easy touch

            tower

            398

            444
        touch and go
            If you say it is touch and go whether something will happen, you mean that you cannot be certain whether it will happen or not.
            It was touch-and-go whether she would really go through with it up until she walked into court.
            I thought I was going to win the race, but it was still touch and go.
            Nancy nearly lost control of the craft. For a few moments it was touch and go.

            tough as old boots
            tough as nails / hard as nails
            4
            If you say that someone is tough as old
            boots or tough as nails, you are emphasizing
            that they have a strong and independent character.
            'Tough as old boots' is only used in
            British English.
            Barbara is tough as old boots and rules her
            husband with an iron hand.
            This man was a very easy-going type of person
            in a large group, but across a negotiating
            table was just tough as nails.

            towel
            throw in the towel
            444
            throw in the sponge
            If someone throws in the towel, they stop
            trying to do something, because they know
            that they cannot succeed. Verbs such as
            'chuck' and ‘toss' are sometimes used instead
            of 'throw'.
            Klara's support, when even her son's trainers
            wanted to throw in the towel, was crucial. At
            last. Garry won a game, the 32nd in the match.
            One day I will be brave enough (or fed up
            enough) to chuck in the towel and start again.
            Q You can also say that someone throws In
            the sponge. This expression is used mainly
            in British English.
            You're not the kind of man who throws in the
            sponge You're a fighter and it's your fighting
            spirit which is ultimately going to save you.

            tower
            a tower of strength

            a pillar of strength

            44

            If you say that someone was a tower of
            strength during a difficult period in your life,
            you mean that they gave you a lot of help or
            support and you are very grateful to them for


                evince -p 418 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            that they were a pillar

            national rankings. And the school's cross
            J?, daughter. Therese. who's six. was a

            country teams are on the fast track to national
            prominence.
            Those kids are on a fast track to becoming

            this You
            of str .

            can also say

            eUfÿtrength for me then

            When I was sick
            up after me and look after the
            clean
            ould
            other'
            .hie sadness she has found Charles
            of strength.
            My
            toU)er

            *****

            Jÿapÿr
            town

            town

            4

            to
        someone goes to town on
            if you say that
            something or someone, you mean that they
            enthusiasm or
            lien'
            with them
            with a lot of energy
            johnny and one or two of the others went to
            town on the brandy
            You could really go to town and give her a
            night at the Sheraton at the Mother's Day rate

            of $120
            I felt / could go to town a bit more in here as
            it's a room we only use on special occasions.
            paint the town red
            If you paint the town red, you go out and
            enjoy yourself

            'Don1 you and the other sisters ever paint the
            town red?' "We sometimes go to the hotel and
            come back in a taxi. Just for a hit offun. '
            Preparing yourself to paint the town red on a
            Saturday night just doesn't have the same buzz
            without a suitable soundtrack to help you
            shower down, zip up and step out.

            traces
            kick over the traces
            If someone kicks over the traces, they pay

            no attention to rules and conventions and behave
            exactly as they want to.
            Harry had kicked over the traces when his fa
            ther died, and quit going to church
            He could detect the same scent of rebellion.
            common to students the world over, smoulderlag beneath the surface: the desire to kick over
            the traces, the refusal to accept old values with
            out question.

            track
            the fast track

            444

            The fast track to something is the quickest
            Way of achieving it. If you are on the fast
            track to a particular goal or state, you are
            hkely to achieve it very soon or very easily.
            The Clinton administration yesterday enthusiastically
            endorsed a family leave bill twice vetoed
            by President Bush, putting it on a fast
            track to becoming law.
            Tike many of his classmates, Chris Urwin be

            neves a university degree will be his passport
            to the fast track into a company.
            The water polo team is 12-1 and still atop the

            L

            track

            399

            town

            unhealthy adults.
            O You can also talk about a fast-track approach
            to something or a fast-track way of

            achieving something.
            The fast-track process speeds up approval of
            international trade pacts in Washington.
            They offer fast-track promotion schemes for
            promising young executives.

            have the inside track
            44
            If you say that someone has the inside
            track, you mean that they have an advantage,
            for example special knowledge about something.
                This expression is used mainly in
            American journalism.
            Denver has the inside track among 10 sites
            being considered for the airline's new f1 billion
            maintenance facility.
            As an agent, you may have an inside track, a
            first shot, when good deals become available.
            keep track of something
            444
            If you keep track of something or someone,
            you make sure that you have accurate and
            uptodate information about them all the
            time.
            I drank 20 shots of tequila and Georgina had
            17. We were keeping track of how many we had
            each

            I could never keep track qf all the visitors to
            the mansion.
            The ability to keep track of time becomes one
            of the skills necessary to do well in the activity.
            444
            lose track of someone
            If you lose track of someone or something,
            you no longer know where they are or what
            is happening to them.

            His family lost track of him under his new

            name.

            You may have wondered how the administrators
            qf the Social Fund can lose track qf £20
            million meant to help the poorest citizens.
            He was asking us about our schoohvork,
            what it was like in school In Ireland, and it
            was interesting, and we just lost track of the
            time.

            off the beaten track
            off the beaten path

            444

            If a place is off the beaten track, it is isolated
            and quiet, because it is far from large
            cities or their centres, and so few people go
            there or live there.
            The house is sufficiently off the beaten track
            to deter all but a few tourists.
            If you enjoy exploring off the beaten track,
            Sunmed is offering rambling holidays on the
            Greek island qf Lesbos.


                evince -p 419 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            tracks
            In American English, you can also say that
            somewhere is off the beaten path.
            Rents at outlet malls, which are generally off
            the beaten path, are lower than at most subur
            ban shopping centers.

            on the right track

            444

            If you are on the right track, you are acting
            or progressing in a way that is likely to
            result in success. On the right lines means
            the same.
            We are finding that guests for lunch and dinner
            are returning in increasing numbers a
            sure sign that we are on the right track.
            We have taken action to put the industry
            back on the right track but we still have some
            way to go to return to full profitability.

            -

            on the wrong track

            44

            If you are on the wrong track, you are act
            ing or progressing in a way that is likely to
            result in failure.
            Do you think the country is going in the right
            direction or is it headed on the wrong track?
            The standard of careers advice given to
            school leavers is generally appalling, setting us
            off on the wrong track from the start.
            444
            a track record
            If you talk about the track record of a per
            son. company, or product, you are referring to
            the reputation they have, which Is based on
            all their successes and failures in the past.
            He joined the BBC as a general trainee in
            1988, where he quickly developed a track record
            as an inventive programme maker.
            Does this corporation have a high-quality
            management team with a good track record?
            Glasgow Museums and Galleries have a prov
            en track record of attracting very large audi
            ences.
            The region is known to have a poor track record
            in research.

            tracks
            cover your tracks

            t r«m|

            400

            444

            If someone covers their tracks, they hide or
            destroy evidence of their identity or actions,
            because they want to keep them secret.

            He was a very clever man, a very cartful man
            who never took a chance, a man who totally
            covered his tracks.
            The killer may have returned to the scene of
            the crime to cover his tracks.

            from the wrong side of the tracks
            4
            If you say that someone comes from the
            wrong side of the tracks, you mean that
            they come from a poor, unfashionable, and
            lower-class area of town.
            I know kids back home who come from the
            wrong side of the tracks. When they go to

            school, they haven 't eaten and their

            clothes n

            I

            all tom.
            Black music, in the Western world, has
            at
            ways been considered to have emanated fra,JI
            the wrong side of the tracks.
            make tracks
            If you make tracks, you leave the Plat*
            where you are, usually in a hurry.
            Webb looked at the bar clock. ‘Ten past nine
            We might as well be making tracks '
            Hawkins knew it was time to make tracks 01*
            |
            of the country.
            About 8pm, we decided it was time to start
            making tracks, but we all found it difficult to
            get going.

            stop someone in their tracks: 1
            stop someone dead in their tracks 444
            If something stops you in your tracks or
            stops you dead in your tracks, it makes you
            suddenly stop moving or doing something because
            you are very surprised, impressed, or
            frightened

            Seen across wide fields of corn this magnify |
            cent church cannot fail to stop you in your
            tracks.
            They stopped in their tracks and stared at
            him in amazement.
            They turned round. And then they stopped
            dead in their tracks, their hearts beating fast
            Somebody was behind them.

            '

            stop something in its tracks: 2
            stop something dead in its tracks
            If someone or something stops a process or
            activity in its tracks or stops it dead in its
            tracks, they make it immediately stop continuing
            or developing.
            If the Chancellor pulls the plug on the S22
            billion programme, the resulting job losses
            could stop Britain's economic revival dead in
            its tracks.

            Francis felt he would like to stop this conversation
            in its tracks. He wished neither to confirm
            nor deny Cosmo's suspicions.
            trail
            blaze a trail

            444
            If you say that someone is blazing a trail
            you mean that they are the first person to do
            or discover something new and important.
            and this will make it easier for other people
            to do the same thing.
            With his first book Parker has blazed a new
            trail in American literature.
            The party is blazing the trail for the advancement
            of women in politics.
            Q You can use trail-blazing to describe someone
            who does something new and important
            or you can refer to them as a trail-blazerYou can also describe what they do as trailblazing or refer to it as a trail-blazer.


                evince -p 420 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            ,her

            banks denied having plans to re

            for customers in credit but,
            Th!ducethecharges
            scenes, each would be only too hap
            intr°nd

            follow

            m the shadow of a trail blazing

            COfÿUmany

            of those trail-blazers from the
            Kong is the most practicable head
            Won/?
            West
            trail blazing study went into immense
            of pub goers
            on
            detail the habits
            Women was launched in
            For
            magazine
            The
            April and branded as a trail-blazer for sexual

            QVThis'

            equalitytrap
            444
            fall into the trap
            If someone falls into the trap of doing
            something, they make a very common mistake.
            or one that is very easy to make.
            School administrators then fall into the trap

            of thinking that discipline problems, not unsat
            isfying education, are the cause of low levels of

            achievement.

            Many of the world's economies were falling
            into the same trap as Australia in trying to
            boost their economy through government spend
            mg.

            tree
            4
         bark up the wrong tree
            If you say that someone is barking up the wrong tree, you mean that they are following the wrong course of action because their beliefs or ideas about something are incorrect.

            Scientists in Switzerland realised that most other researchers had been barking up the wrong tree.
            They said we were barking up the wrong tree
            and then suddenly everyone came round to our
            point of view.

            out of your tree
            If you say that someone is out of their tree,

            you mean that they are crazy or behaving
            very strangely, perhaps because of alcohol or
            drugs. This is an informal expression.
            'I'm going out of my tree with this.' ‘Honey,
            don 't let it get you down. '
            It was obvious they were on something dodgy.

            They were both out of their tree.
            the top of the tree

            L

            trick

            401

            trap

            44

            If you say that someone is at the top of the
            tree or is top of the tree, you mean that they
            have reached the highest level in their career
            °r profession. These expressions are used in
            British English.
            She has been at the top of the acting tree for
            35 years.
            As a cricketer he is top of the tree and we
            will see that when the time comes, if he is

            Picked for India.

            trees
            not grow on trees
            If you say that people or things of a particular
            kind do not grow on trees, you are em
            phasizing that they are very difficult to obtain.
            This expression is used mainly in British
            English.
            Mitchell could not be replaced in a hurry:
            agents with his expertise did not grow on trees.
            Investments worth SI. 75 billion do not grow

            on trees.

            When people talk about money growing on
            trees, they are talking about situations in
            which it is possible to obtain or earn large
            amounts of money.
            The merchant bank was purchased in 1987
            for 1777 million in hard cash at a time when
            money was growing on trees.

            not see the wood for the trees
            not see the forest for the trees

            4

            If you say that someone can't see the wood
            for the trees, you mean that they are so involved
                in the details of something that they
            forget or do not realize the real purpose or
            importance of the thing as a whole. This form
            of the expression is used in British English:
            in American English, the form is not see the
            forest for the trees.
            His fairness and clarity of vision often helped
            those who could not see the wood for the trees
            reach the correct decision.
            We are so much involved in detail, which for
            the most part is no proper concern of the State.
            that we are reduced to almost total inability to
            see the wood for the trees.
            Colonel Vardagas accused congressmen of
            looking at the problem simplistically. 'They
            failed to see the forest for the trees, ' he said.

            trial
            a trial balloon

            44

            A trial balloon is an idea or plan which is
            suggested in order to find out about public
            opinions on a controversial subject. This expression
            is used mainly in American English.
            The administration has not officially released
            any of the specifics of the president's economic
            plan, although numerous trial balloons have
            been floated and hints have been dropped.
            It's hard to say what's a trial balloon and
            what is a policy in a process of being formed.

            trick
            do the trick

            444

            If something does the trick, it achieves
            what you want.
            If these self-help remedies don 't do the trick,
            consult a qualified homoeopath
            If you're not sure what your baby wants, then


                evince -p 421 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            tricks
            try a cuddle;

            trick.

            trump

            402

            if all else fails,

            it usually does the

            4
            every trick in the book
            If you say that someone uses every trick in
            the book, you mean that they do everything
            they can think of in order to succeed in some
            thing.
            Companies are using every trick in the book
            to stay one step in front of their competitors.

            not miss a trick

            44

            If you say that someone does not miss a
            trick, you mean that they always know what
            is happening and take advantage of every
            situation.
            When it comes to integrating their transport
            systems, the French don 't miss a trick.
            Matthews did not miss a trick, establishing a
            profitable connection with Adams, the powerful
            American boxing entrepreneur.

            the oldest trick in the book
            If someone has done something

            deceitful,

            dishonest, or unfair and you describe it as
            the oldest trick in the book, you mean that
            people should have expected it because it is a
            very common or obvious thing to do.
            Well, that's the oldest trick in the book - to
            blame someone else for your problems.
            That beggar's just collecting enough money to
            get drunk on. Using the children to persuade
            the gullible to part with their money. Oldest
            trick in the book.

            tricks
            up to your tricks
            up to your old tricks

            44

            If you say that someone is up to their
            tricks or up to their old tricks, you mean
            that they are behaving in a deceitful, dishonest,
            or foolish way which is typical of them.
            Homeowners wondering if estate agents are
            no longer up to their tricks should think again.
            They seemed to be up to their old tricks of
            promising one thing and doing the opposite.

            trim
            in fighting trim
            If someone or something is in fighting
            trim, they are in very good condition. This
            expression is used mainly in American Eng
            lish.
            They argue that it isn't doing much to get
            Air France into fighting trim for the 1990s,
            when domestic competition may increase.

            trolley
            ofT your trolley

            4

            If you say that someone is off their troUey,
            you are saying in a light-hearted way that
            you think they are crazy or very foolish. This

            is an informal expression, which is used |n
            British English.
            If they think officers are going to give
            their cars, they're off their trolley.
            Did you see Princess Di going on about how
            she likes fast food? Is she off her trolley w
            what?

            trowel
            lay it on with a trowel
            If you say that someone is laying it on
            with a trowel, you mean that they are exaggerating a statement, experience, or emotion.
            in order to impress people. This expression is
            used in British English. Lay it on thick

            means the same.

            The programme didn t lay it on with a trowel.
            starting gently with questions about life.
            styles and aspirations, waiting till near the end

            to talk about violence and race.
            There must have been some moments of comfort.
            Mr Harris skips them and lays on the
            squalor with a trowel

            truck
            have no truck with something
            If you have no truck with something or
            someone, you strongly disapprove of them and
            refuse to become involved with them. The
            verbs ‘want' and 'hold1 are sometimes used instead
            of 'have'.
            As an American, she had no truck with the
            painful formality of English life.
            Great efforts were made to get him on the
            side of the 'rebels'. He had no truck with them.
            This is the most controversial area. Most
            mainstream doctors hold no truck with these
            ideas, while supporters insist they account for
            99 per cent of cases.

            true
            4
            ring true
            If a statement or promise rings true, it
            seems to be true, sincere, or genuine Compare
            ring hollow; see hollow.
            It is Mandela's argument that rings true to
            American ears.
            When I heard the initial reasons, they didn't
            ring true. It was only when Bill's statement
            came out it began to make sense.

            trump
            a trump card
            play your trump card
            444
            Someone's trump card is something which
            gives them a decisive advantage over other
            people. You can say that someone holds the
            trump card when they have an advantage
            like this.
            After only two days, the distribution of goods


                evince -p 422 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            trumPei

            uffering: and that, ultimately is the

            card.
            “ÿJvmen
            * trump
            r°
            measure was his trump card

            •uud thal the

            Prevent Sectoral fraud.
            inHfusPlan
            " tertn$ of passion and commitment, on the
            hand. Ireland held every trump card.
            Jher
            like Japan, seem content to
            °‘cnmetheirnations, cards
            hidden
            10

            trump

            keep

            r
            Ho

            {f someone plays their trump card, they
            unexpected which gives them a
            something

            advantage over other people
            decisive wished,
            she could threaten to play

            if she

            trump card, an autobiography

            her

            of embarrassing

            disclosures

            trumpet
            blow your own trumpet
            (f you accuse someone of

            44

            blowing their
            own trumpet, you are criticizing them for
            boasting about themselves This expression is
            used in British English; the American expression
            is blow your own horn.
            The three candidates traded insults and blew
            their own trumpets yesterday as each one
            claimed to be heading for victory
            Oscar winner Jodie Foster has few peers
            when it comes to blowing her own trumpet.
            'You either have it or you don 1, ' says the star.
            You might say 'I'm not blowing my own
            trumpet' when you are reporting something
            good about yourself but do not want other
            people to think you are boastful or vain.
            / don't want to sound like I'm blowing my
            own trumpet, but musicians are much better
            advised now than they were in the '60s and

            '70s
            I am not blowing my own trumpet but 1 can
            claim I work a lot quicker than a lot qf people.

            trumps

            come up trumps; 1

            used in British English.
            Sylvester Stallone has come up trumps at the
            VS box office with his new movie Cliffhanger.
            You came up trumps with the April Issue.
            I‘ve never received such good value for money
            magazine.

            come up trumps: 2
            turn up trumps
            If you say that people or events come up
            trumps, you mean that
            •hey unexpectedly help you with your problems.
            These expressions are used in British
            English.
            Much of this luck will come from an unexpec
            led direction. The most unlikely people or
            events will come up trumps.

            trumps or turn up

            In moments of crisis for me, you always turn

            up trumps!

            truth
            economical with the truth
            44
            If you say that someone is being economical
            with the truth, you are criticizing them
            for deceiving people by deliberately not telling
            them the whole truth about something. People
            use this expression when they want to suggest
            that someone is being dishonest, but do not
            actually want to accuse them of lying.
            In insisting that no changes had been made
            to the original plan, his team was being economical
            with the truth.
            She asked repeated questions but was fobbed
            off with a series of misleading answers which
            were at best economical with the truth, at
            worst deliberately designed to deceive.
            As campaigning in the Conservative leadership
            race in Britain draws to a climax, it's become
            clear that some MPs have been a little
            economical with the truth For, if all the
            pledged votes are added up, they amount to far
            more than the number eligible to vote.

            tub
            tub-thumping
            thump the tub
            4
            In journalism, tub-thumping is used to describe
            people's attitudes or behaviour when
            they are supporting an idea or course of action
            in a very vigorous and sometimes aggres
            sive way. This expression is usually used to
            show disapproval of this kind of behaviour. It
            is used in British English.
            Conservatives know they still have a lot of
            hard work to do and the Environment Secretary
            rammed home their tax message in a tubthumping speech.

            44

            If you say that someone has come up
            trumps, you mean that they have achieved
            an unexpectedly good result. This expression

            from a

            tune

            403

            We have reached the stage now where the
            players neither need, nor will respond to. tubthumping.
            You can refer to someone who behaves in
            this way as a tub-thumper
            Marsh was far from being a woolly minded
            idealist and tub-thumper.
            You can also say that someone is thumping
            the tub.

            tune
            44
            call the tune
            If someone calls the time, they are in control
            of a situation and make all the important

            decisions.
            The government will thus reduce this country
            to one in which the claims of business, commerce
            and technology will call the tune.
            If managers tried to get players to come back


                evince -p 423 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            tunnel
            in the afternoon they'd have a riot on their
            hands. The players call the tune these days.
            This expression comes from the proverb
            he who pays the piper calls the tune; see
            piper.

            change your tune
            a change of tune

            turkeys

            404

            44

            If someone changes their tune, they express
            a different opinion about something from the
            one they had expressed previously, or they
            show a completely different attitude to something
            or someone.
            Some see signs that the administration has
            not only changed its tune on the dollar, but is
            now resigned to higher short-term interest rates
            too.
            He had maintained for many years that the
            Earl was dead. But these days he has changed
            his tune.
            O You can also talk about someone's change
            of tune.
            The refugees, while welcoming the sudden
            change of tune, greeted this ploy with considerable
            reserve.
            dance to someone's tune
            4
            If you dance to someone else's tune, you do
            whatever they want or tell you to do, usually
            without challenging them or hesitating. This
            expression is often used to criticize someone
            for allowing themselves to be controlled in
            this way.
            During my trip to the region. I reproached
            trade union leaders for pandering to managers,
            sometimes going so far as dancing to their

            tune.
            I know the cathedral is desperate for money
            and has to raise cash somehow. But the danger
            of commercialism is that the churches end up
            dancing to the tune qf their big business spon
            sors.

            O You can also say that someone is dancing
            to a particular tune when they are behaving
            in a particular way, especially if this is differ
            ent from the way they were behaving before.
            Change is never really easy and cannot be
            controlled and manipulated. It is a case of having
            to dance to a tune other than the one you
            are accustomed to.
            With different circumstances in Germany and
            Britain, we cannot dance to the same tune.

            tunnel
            tunnel vision
            44
            If you accuse someone of tunnel vision, you
            are accusing them of focusing all their energy
            and skill on the task which is most important
            to them and ignoring things that other people
            might consider important.
            The implication qf his letter is that only perfect
            human beings should be allowed to live in

            dignity in the community and gain seif-rtspJM
            Such tunnel-vision appals me.
            No marriage is risk-proof, unless people hau.
            absolute tunnel-vision about each other,
            themselves and avoid any tempting situation
            This expression can also be used to show

            isoUuJi

            admiration for someone who has achieved a
            lot by concentrating cm a single thing.
            They always say that you have to have tunnel
            vision to be a champion. You can't have any
            outside distractions at all
            You can also use tunnel-vision before a

            noun.

            The experts sometimes have a bureaucratic,
            tunnel-vision view of their mission.
            The woman who won the world 10.000m title
            in Tokyo and the New York Marathon at the
            first attempt has a tunnel vision attitude to her
            sport.

            turkey
            talk turkey

            I
            I

            4

            If people talk turkey, they discuss something
            in a frank and serious way. This expression
            is used mainly in American English.
            Suddenly government and industry are talking
            turkey. Last month the Prime Minister
            promised a partnership to improve the climate!
            for business.
            He worked with us very closely as a member
            of the Finance Committee, and he's got the
            credibility and the reputation. I think, to talk

            J

            turkey.

            a turkey shoot

            4

            If someone refers to a battle or other conflict
            as a turkey shoot, they mean that one side is
            so much stronger or better armed than the
            other that the weaker side has no chance at
            all. This expression is usually used to suggest
            that the situation is unfair.
            After weeks of bombing, it was a one-sided
            battle. The fighting stopped earlier than expected
            partly because of public disquiet at the

            i

            ‘turkey-shoot'.
            The prospect qf fishing for truly wild trout is
            very stimulating but it's not a turkey shoot

            -

            turkeys
            like turkeys voting for Christinas
            If you say that someone choosing to do a

            particular thing would be like turkeys voting
            for Christmas, you are emphasizing that
            they are very unlikely to do it because it
            would very obviously be bad for them. This
            expression is used mainly in British English.
            To expect Lloyd's workers to vote against the
            status quo would be like expecting turkeys to

            vote for Christmas.
            Most blacks regard supporting the 'Nats' as
            the equivalent qf turkeys voting for Christmas,

            A


                evince -p 424 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            but some

            view the party as an attractive alter

            native1,1

            two

            405

            torn

            finally

            ancj some other countries, people
            eat turkey at Christmas.

            turn
            every turn

            ««

            happens at every turn, it hapfr comething
            11
            yery frequently or continuously, and

            prevents

            you from doing what you

            want to do.

            Although the government has had a coherent
            plan, parliament has set out to block
            economic
            turn.
            every
            liat
            business and it is my
            I myself run a small
            opinion that businesses such as mine are ham
            pered at every turn by big business

            turn-up
            turn-up for the books
            If you say that something is a turn-up for
            the books, you mean that it is very surpris
            ing and unexpected, and usually very pleas
            ing. This expression is used in British Eng

            lish.

            How about that for a turn-up for the books? I
            knew nothing about it, 1 can tel! you.
            This was a real turn up for the books, and is
            an observation still not accepted by all medical
            practitioners.

            O You can also just say that something is a
            turn-up.
            When I became middle-aged, I found myself
            unable to risk hurting animals. This came as
            something of a turn-up. I had loved shooting
            since I first got a shotgun in my hands at the
            age cf 12.

            turtle

            turn turtle
            If a boat turns turtle, it turns upside down
            when it is in the water.
            The voyage took six months. The tug nearly
            turned turtle twice, but l managed to keep her
            upright.

            twain
            nev®r the twain shall meet

            4

            People say ‘never the twain shall meet'
            when they believe that there are so many differences
            between two groups of people or two
            groups of things that they can never exist together
            in the same place or situation. People
            also say ‘ne'er the twain shall meet' These

            are rather literary expressions.
            The British education system is notorious for
            separating the sciences and the humanities.

            This academic "ne'er the twain shall meet' policy
            unfortunately does not always reflect the requirements
            of the real world.
            G People often vary this expression For example,
            they say that the twain do meet or
            the twain are not supposed to meet.
            Although they recognised differences and that
            East is east and Wes/ is west, they would have
            gone on to argue not that the twain shall never
            meet but that the two should and must meet.

            twist
            round the twist
            If you say that someone is round the twist,
            you mean that their ideas or behaviour are

            very strange or foolish. This is an informal
            expression, which is used in British English.
            Round the bend means the same.
            You would have to be really round the twist
            to get pleasure out of this.
            This man's round the twist.
            G If you say that someone goes round the
            twist, you mean that they start behaving or
            thinking very strangely or foolishly. This is
            often as a result of being very frustrated or
            irritated by someone or something.
            Most of them go round the twist in the end,
            you know. His predecessor killed himself.
            I think that's why some people go round the
            twist. They get a religious mania and just get
            carried away, they go too far.

            two
            put two and two together
            44
            If you put two and two together, you cor

            rectly guess the truth about something from
            the information that you have. You can replace
            'put' with ‘add'.
            He never came out and said, 7 am Jewish',
            but after a period of time, I put two and two
            together, and l assumed he was.
            He knew perfectly well who her mother had
            been. He had only to think back to the time
            he'd dropped in on Grace and seen that book
            on pregnancy to put two and two together.
            If you say that someone puts two and two
            together and makes five, you mean that
            they reach the wrong conclusion about something.

            Mr Lane's solicitor said after the case that
            police put two and two together and made five.


                evince -p 425 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            unbowed

            406

            u
            unbowed
            4
            bloodied but unbowed
            If you say that someone is bloodied but unbowed
            after a bad experience, you mean that
            they have not been defeated or destroyed, and
            they will be able to continue as they were.
            Adjectives such as ‘battered' and ‘bloody' can
            be used instead of ‘bloodied'. This is a literary

            expression.

            He went out there and worked for every single
            vote. It was a narrow victory but an important
            one. He is bloodied but unbowed.
            Wolverhampton based construction giant Tarmac
            has emerged from the recession battered
            but unbowed.

            unglued
            come unglued: l

            4

            If you say that someone has come unglued,
            you mean that they have lost control of their
            emotions and are behaving in a strange or
            crazy way. This expression is used in Ameri
            can English.

            She had apparently come unglued since losing
            her job as social columnist for Western
            Gentry magazine. Her life had been built
            around parties but the invitations had dried
            up months before.
            We had just gotten him out of jail. He had
            come unglued over a girl who was pregnant
            with his child. She wouldn't marry him, and
            he had gone to her house with a sawed-off shot
            gun and threatened to shoot her.
            4
            come unglued: 2
            If someone or something comes unglued,
            they fail. This expression is used in American
            English; the British expression is come unstuck.
            Their marriage finally came unglued. Much
            of his behaviour had become unacceptable to
            her, and she had withdrawn more and more
            into herself.
            They began to understand that everything
            was coming unglued.

            unstuck
            come unstuck

            444

            If someone or something comes unstuck.
            they fail. This expression is used in British
            English; the American expression is come
            unglued.

            Australia's Greg Norman came badly unstuck
            in the third round of the Memorial golf tournament
            yesterday.

            With the end of the Cold War. everything
            come unstuck and the refugee problem seems
            be growing

            up
            on the up
            on the up and up

            <1

            If someone or something is on the up, they
            are becoming very successful and doing
            You can also say that they are on the up and
            up. These expressions are used in British
            English.
            The East has an economy which is on the up,
            while the West's free market economy seems u>
            be an unmitigated disaster.
            I was pretty depressed sometimes at Dundee,
            but I never reached rock bottom Now things

            weJJ

            are on the up.
            Their career path has flattened out slightly
            rather than still being on the up and up.

            on the up and up
            To be on the up and up means to be honest
            or legal This expression is used mainly in
            American English.
            We'd like to know where the money came
            from. It may have been on the up and up. He
            was a frugal type, and he hit the lottery far
            twenty grand a while back.

            swear up and down
            If someone swears up and down that something
            is true, they insist that they are telling
            you the truth, even though you are not sure
            whether or not to believe them. This expression
            is used in American English; the usual
            British expression is swear blind.
            He'd sworn up and down he was going to get
            the cash and bring it right back.
            I couldn't get it out of my head that maybe U
            was all part of his plan, although he swore up
            and down it wasn't.
            444
            up and coming
            An up and coming person is someone who
            is likely to be successful in the future.
            Beaton wants to help build up the pioneering
            198 Gallery in Brixton which regularly exhibits

            up and coming artists.
            He was one of our very up and coming young
            ministers and I feel he had a great future in
            front of him.
            The magazine profiles the manager of the Toronto
            Blue Jays and two up and<oming Canadian
            hockey stars.


                evince -p 426 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            or
            up*"',«"Slng
            started well
            If a

            vessels

            407

            upP°r

            The company is on its uppers and share
            444

            business,
            plan is up and
            and is working
            Jt has
            successfully.
            in the people, tools, and tech
            or,.\Z
            1
            /n net your system up and running
            and keep it that way.

            ”

            rUn?nctioning
            invested

            first fully-fledged Business Centre to piny a leading role in the town's
            up and running with
            „ornic recovery - is
            a Government Minister.
            from
            wishes
            g
            up and running.
            The project, once it was
            wouId be fraught with danger

            baton's
            . “ned

            e<nod

            uppers

            on your uppers
            your uppers

            4
            down on
            If you say that a person or a company is on
            their uppers or down on their uppers, you

            mean that they have very little money. These
            expressions are used in British English.

            holders can forget about receiving dwidends
            for a couple of years.
            Galleries generally operate on a sale-or-return
            system but Simon pays cash upfront for his ceramics
            because he finds so many potters are
            down on their uppers

            upstairs
            kick someone upstairs
            If someone is kicked upstairs, they are given
            a job or position which appears to have a
            higher status but actually has less power or
            influence. This expression is used in British
            English.
            A management shake-up is also underway.
            Peter Greenall becomes managing director sue
            ceeding Andrew Thomas, who is kicked
            upstairs to become deputy chairman.
            The radicals kicked him upstairs to the then
            ceremonial job of president

            V
            vacuum
            in a vacuum

            veil
            444

            If something exists or happens in a
            vacuum, it seems to exist or happen separate
            ly from the things that you would expect it to
            be connected with.
            Of course, much of that discussion takes place
            in a vacuum. The people do not yet have political
            power.
            Property values do not exist in a vacuum.
            The market value of a well maintained property
            can fall if the biggest employer in town
            closes or an all night service station opens next
            door.
            Such decisions do not occur in a political
            vacuum, but have serious political implications
            both at home and abroad.

            4
            draw a veil over something
            If you draw a veil over something, you deliberately
            do not talk about it or give any details,
                because you want to keep it private or

            because it is embarrassing.
            It would be kinder, perhaps, to draw a veil
            over the party's career from 1906 to the outbreak
            of the War.
            Of course you must not lie - a fraud on a CV
            can be grounds for cancelling a contract of em
            ployment - but most of us have something in
            our past career over which we choose to draw
            a veil.
            She draws a veil of privacy over her life with
            him and discusses their relationship only in the
            abstract.

            vessels

            variety
            variety is the spice of life

            L

            4

            If you say that variety is the spice of life,
            you are pointing out that doing and seeing a
            •ot of different things makes life more enjoyable
            and interesting.
            Families have discovered that variety is the
            spice of life and are switching to adventurous
            meals like home cooked curries, tacos and Chi
            nese banquets

            It is important to vary the training program

            so that boredom is avoided. Exercise should be
            fun and variety is the spice of life.

            empty vessels make the most sound
            empty vessels make the most noise
            People say ‘empty vessels make the most
            sound' or ‘empty vessels make the most
            noise' to point out that people who talk a lot
            about their knowledge, talent, or experience
            are often not as knowledgeable, talented, or
            experienced as they claim to be. This is an
            old fashioned expression.
            There's a lot of truth in that old saying,
            'Empty vessels make the most sound' Those
            who are actually' content with their choices are
            not usually interested in evangelising to the
            rest of us.


                evince -p 427 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            vest

            1

            408

            vest
            play your cards close to the vest
            4
            keep your cards close to the vest
            If you play your cards close to the vest or
            keep your cards close to the vest, you do
            not tell anyone about your plans or thoughts.
            This expression is used in American English.
            Play your cards close to your chest means
            the same.
            He plays his cards very close to the vest, leaving
            some attorneys with whom he's worked to
            describe him as secretive and manipulative.
            They also are accused of keeping their cards
            too close to their vests. 'Some executives are not
            yet comfortable about sharing strategic infor
            motion with their colleagues,' the researchers
            say.
            'Cards' is often replaced with other nouns.
            The military's playing this whole operation
            they generally don't
            pretty close to the vest
            like to talk about future operations.

            -

            view
            4
            a bird's-eye view
            If you have a bird's-eye view of a situation,
            you are able to form a clear impression of
            what is happening. Compare a worm's eye

            to choose one of the set menus, chalked
            boards outside.
            Fellow critics took a poor view of a critic
            reviewed Paramount films and accepted a
            from the studio.

            0„

            fee

            a worm's eye view
            If you say that someone has a worm's
            view of something, you mean that they
            able to form an impression of what is happÿ
            ing in a situation, but that they have a lo*
            status, or are considered inferior in
            son*
            way. Compare a bird's-eye view.
            Let me offer, then, a worm's eye view of what
            Thatcherism was, and what its legacy may be.
            They were considered to be leaders who, for
            the most part, ‘were complete fools, with a
            worm's eye view of the world and a poor
            understanding of their jobs'.
            This expression can also be used to indicate
            that something can be seen from very
            low on the ground, or from below the ground.
            If only gardeners would care, occasionally, to
            get down and take a worm's eye view of their
            lawns, they would discover a mass of fascinating
            and horticulturally very useful informalion

            view.

            Before I left England. I was a parliamentary
            lobby correspondent, getting a bird's eye view
            of the way politicians encourage people to believe
            in dreams.
            People often change 'bird' to a word that is
            relevant to what they are talking about.
            He seems to have a soldier's eye view.
            He has a child's eye view of the war based on
            his own experiences.
            The expression a bird's-eye view is more
            commonly used to indicate that someone who
            is looking down from a great height gets a
            clear view of everything below them. Similarly,
            you can use a variant to talk about someone
            having a clear view in a particular situation.
            His pilot's licence enabled us to have a
            bird's-eye view of the beautiful countryside.
            I remember with affection the splendid Glasgow
            'blue trains' which gave the added bonus
            of a driver's eye view.
            take a dim view of something
            take a poor view of something
            If you take a dim view of something, you
            disapprove of it. In British English, you can
            also say that you take a poor view of it.
            Back in 1989 he took a dim view of lotteries,
            and wrote to a proposer: 7 do not support your
            proposal for a lottery and would wish not to be
            involved at this stage.'
            The French take a dim view of anyone who
            only snacks at lunchtime and it is usually best

            villain
            44
            the villain of the piece
            If you describe someone as the villain of
            the piece, you mean that they are responsible
            for all the trouble or all the problems in a
            situation. This expression is used in British

            English.
            The real villains

            of the piece are the motor

            country where the lop
            speed limit is 70mph, why do they make

            manufacturers In a
            I40mph

            cars?

            the villain of the piece, as the
            police claim he is. he should have been more

            If he is indeed

            carefully watched.

            vine
            wither on the vine
            die on the vine

            4

            If something withers on the vine, it dies or

            comes to an end because people show no enthusiasm
            for it or deliberately ignore it Y011

            can also say that something dies on the vineThese are literary expressions.

            The chance to make peace certainly exlsCÿ
            and has seldom been riper, but could still wither
            on the vine.
            1 talked to senior citizens and ordinary people
            all over this state who are worried that the
            American dream is dying on the vine.


                evince -p 428 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            violet

            volumes
            violet

            a

            wake-up

            409

            videt
            violet

            •4

            u describe someone as a shrinking vio
            they are very shy and tim
            *' >v0ll mean that
            ttiat someone is no shrinking
            Tf v<>u
            jÿolet you mean that they are very self

            1

            confident
            him

            a tough assignment and he turns
            Give shrinking
            violet.
            is no shrinking violet. She is a brash
            colourful character.
            the tvomen he paints could be de
            Hone of shrinking
            violets.
            as
            scribed
            into Q

            speak volumes
            444
            If you say that something speaks volumes,
            you mean that it reveals or implies a lot
            about a situation
            His words speak volumes for the great divide
            in British politics.
            Her background, while speaking volumes
            about her business acumen, could not convince
            the arts world that she was part of it.
            What you wear speaks volumes, and it can
            lie. too. Remember the adage that you should
            dress for the job you aspire to.

            w

            wagon
            hitch your wagon to someone
            hitch your wagon to a star

            Some African-Americans who initially opposed
            Thomas because of his politics are circling
            the wagons to support him because of his

            If someone hitches their wagon to a par
            ticular person or policy, they try to become
            more successful by forming a relationship
            with someone who is already successful. You
            can also say that they hitch their wagon to a

            star.
            The increasing power of the Pacific rim provides
            a reason why Russia should not hitch its
            wagon too closely to America.
            Giammetti had the good fortune to hitch his
            wagon to a brilliant star - one that, without
            him. might just as easily have fallen as risen.

            on the wagon
            fall off the wagon
            4
            If someone is on the wagon, they have given
            up drinking alcohol.
            I'm on the wagon for a while. Cleaning out
            tuy system.

            He was a teenage alcoholic, but he's been on
            the wagon for more than 30 years.
            O You can say that someone has fallen off
            the wagon when they have begun to drink alcohol
            again after a period of not drinking it.
            Be has finally fallen off the wagon after 12
            l°ng, dry years In 1982 doctors warned he
            tvould be dead within months if he didn't stop

            drinking.

            Wagons
            c«rcle the wagons

            Pull your wagons in a circle

            4

            If a group of people who are in difficulty or
            danger circle the wagons, they unite in order
            to protect themselves and fight whoever is
            stacking them. You can also say that people
            Pull their wagons in a circle.

            race.

            When the overall budget shrinks, the services,
            by and large, pull their wagons in a circle
            around the next generation of hardware pro
            grams.

            wake
            444
            in something's wake
            You say that an event leaves an unpleasant

            situation in its wake when that situation
            happens after that event or is caused by it.
            A deadly cloud of gas swept along the valleys
            north of Lake Nyos in western Cameroon, leaving
            a trail of death and devastation in its
            wake.
            Mr Stevens has disappeared, leaving in his
            wake debts of over f2 million.
            444
            in the wake of something
            If an event, especially an unpleasant one,
            follows in the wake of a previous event, it
            happens after the earlier event, often as a result
            of it.
            The trouble at Shotts prison follows in the
            wake of unrest at several prisons in England.
            He remained in office until 1985 when he resigned
            in the wake of a row with the Socialist
            government.

            wake-up
            a wake-up call
            You can refer to an event as a wake-up call

            when it shocks people into taking action
            about a difficult or dangerous situation. This
            expression is used mainly in American English.
            The jury said the damages were intended to


                evince -p 429 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            walk
            send a wake-up call to the firm and other big com
            panics that sexual harassment would not be tolerated.

            Many church leaders have described last
            week's stabbing as a sort of wake-up call for
            the clergy. They hope tonight's meeting will be
            the start of a more concentrated effort to reach
            out to troubled kids.
            If you have a wake-up call, you arrange
            for someone to telephone you at a certain
            time in the morning so that you are sure to
            wake up at that time.

            walk
            take a walk
            take a hike
            If someone tells you to take a walk or to
            take a hike, they are telling you very forcefully
            or angrily to go away or to stop interfering

            Some women editors on The Sunday Times
            Magazine tried to suppress my essay, arguing
            to the editor that it would be ‘an indelible blot'
            on the magazine's reputation. He nobly told
            them to take a walk.
            The Coastguard broke in almost immediately.
            asking if we required any assistance. 'Tell him
            to take a hike, ' said Steve.

            wall
            bang your head against a brick wall
            bang your head against a wall
            4
            If you say that you are banging your head
            against a brick wall or banging your head
            against a wall, you mean that you feel frus
            trated because someone is stopping you from
            making progress in what you are trying to do.
            Other verbs are sometimes used instead of
            'bang*. ‘Bang your head against a brick wall'
            is used mainly in British English.
            1 was left out of the side and stuck in the reserves
            with no chance of playing for the first
            team again. I was banging my head against a
            brick wall.
            It is a waste of valuable energy beating your
            head against a brick wall, wishing things were

            different.
            come up against a brick wall
            If you say that you have come up against
            a brick wall, you mean that something is
            stopping you from doing what you want and

            preventing you from making any progress.
            Verbs such as ‘run' and ‘go' are sometimes
            used instead of ‘come'.
            I was tired. 1 had been working real hard for
            a long time and 1felt that I'd come up against
            a brick wall.
            The system is loaded in favour of the accused.
            and investigators are coming up against a
            brick wall again and again.

            410

            They have run up against a brick wall QJh(
            the only increase in profits will come frarn Q
            fall in bad debts.

            drive someone up the wall

            I
            I

            someone j

            If you say that something or
            u
            driving you up the wall, you mean that the*
            are annoying and irritating you a lot.
            The heat is driving me up the wall.
            Yvonne said the pressure of living in squalor
            was threatening to split the family up.
            drives you up the wall, you start taking it 0UJ
            on each other. '
            He's so bloody uncooperative he's beginning
            to drive me up the wall.

            *I

            go to the wall: 1
            If a person or company goes to the wall,
            they lose all their money and their business
            fails. This expression is used in British Eng.
            lish.
            Over the last year, two
            gone to the wall.

            football clubs have

            A total of 1.776 companies went to the wall in
            the three months to March a drop of 14 per
            cent on the first three months of 1992.

            go to the wall: 2
            If you are willing to go to the wall for a
            person or a principle, you support them so
            strongly that you are prepared to suffer on
            their behalf. This expression is used in British
            English.
            Above all. he prizes loyalty He'll go to the
            wall for someone or something he believes in.
            He did not have much of a ministerial future
            anyway and we won't go to the wall for him

            now.
            hit the wall

            4

            If you hit the wall when you are trying to
            do something, you reach a point where you
            cannot go any further or achieve any more.
            To ensure their businesses do not hit the
            wall, operators must ensure their financial
            management is strong and streamlined.
            The controversy shows feminism hitting the
            wall of its own broken promises.

            nail someone to the wall
            If someone nails you to the wall, they
            make you suffer, because they are very angry
            with you.
            If he could not pay off his debt, they would
            nail him to the wall.
            I hope to God he gets nailed to the wall for it
            off the wall

            44

            If you describe something or someone as off
            the wall, you mean that they are unusual.
            unconventional, or eccentric. You can use this
            expression both when you like this kind of
            person or thing, and when you do not like

            them.

            The new channel is so

            off-the-wall and unlike


                evince -p 430 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            ive

            see at the mornent tfiat y°u reaUy

            art*in„ivatch it to appreciate how it will be.

            wanted to expose the beau
            to the public. I thought he was off
            nnera
            ty °> v,
            [he wat‘
            off-the-wall before a noun.
            n you can use
            kept saying he

            .. other

            times the band plays a kind of off
            U lounge music, a kind of soundtrack to
            movie.
            hip science fiction

            a

            riting is

            on the wall

            is on the wall
            [he handwriting
            say that the writing is on the wall

            444

            If you

            handwriting is on the wall, you
            that you have noticed things which
            strongly suggest that a situation is going to
            become difficult or unpleasant. The form with
            'writing' is used mainly in British English
            and the form with 'handwriting' is used mainly
            in American English.
            The writing is clearly on the wall. If we do
            nothing about it, we shall only have ourselves
            to blame.
            The writing was on the wall for Capriati
            when she lost the first set 6-1 in less than 20

            or

            mean

            minutes
            The handwriting is on the wall: test the chil
            dren for this major risk factor.
            You can refer to something as the writing
            on the wall or the handwriting on the wall
            when it seems to be a sign or warning of
            something unpleasant which is likely to happen
            in the future.
            The law Society has long seen the writing on
            the wall. In 1986, in an attempt to improve the
            profession's image, it set up the Solicitors'
            Complaints Bureau and laid down a code of
            practice.

            Despite the president's wait-and-see attitude.
            his advisers have read the political hand
            writing on the wall. They are scrambling to
            come up with ways to revive the economy.

            walls
            climb the walls
            If you say that you are climbing the walls,
            you are emphasizing that you feel very frustrated.
            nervous, or anxious.
            I'm climbing the walls now because I have
            not got a job. I have been searching hard for
            six months without success.
            Sitting at home would only have had him
            climbing the walls with worry and frustration.

            "alls have ears
            You can say 'walls have ears'

            warn

            warts

            411

            walls

            in order to

            someone that they should be careful
            they are saying because people

            about what

            'night be listening.
            I shall give it to you and you will put it away
            Quietly in your pocket and we will not discuss
            It. Walls have ears.

            Take care. This place is like a village. Assume
            all walls have ears.

            war
            a war of words

            444

            If two people or groups of people have a
            war of words, they argue or criticize each
            other because they strongly disagree about a
            particular issue. This expression is used
            mainly in journalism.
            This latest move signals an escalation in the
            three-year-old war of words between the two
            countries.
            A war of words has blown up over who is to
            blame for a confrontation between police and
            fans outside the venue.
            The challenge from British favorite Liz
            McColgan, which descended into a bitter war
            of words before the race, failed to materialise.

            warpath

            on the warpath
            If you say that someone is on the warpath.
            you mean that they are very angry and getting
            ready for a fight or quarrel.
            If only l had warned the children that daddy
            was on the warpath.
            St Vincent and Grenadines' biggest businessmen
            are on the warpath after claims that foreign
            nationals are trying to con them out </
            thousands of dollars.

            wars
            in the wars
            If you say that someone has been in the
            wars, you mean that they have been hurt or
            injured. You usually use this expression in a
            fairly light-hearted way.
            Charlotte's four year-old brother, Ben. has
            also been in the wars. He is still in plaster after
            breaking a leg.
            We were in the wars a little with eight guys
            needing treatment afterwards.

            warts
            warts and all

            If you describe or accept someone or some
            thing warts and all. you describe or accept
            them as they are, including all their faults.
            The Pill was welcomed as a major development
            25 years ago. But 25 years later we are
            able to see it in a different perspective, warts

            and all.
            Judith would not be the first wife to have got
            the measure of her husband and decided that
            he is still the man for her. warts and all.
            You can use warts and all before a noun.
            'Jagger Unauthorised' is a sensational warts
            arid-all biography of the Rolling Stones' living
            legend.


                evince -p 431 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            wash
            The readable, 816-page book is a warts and
            all guide to every higher education institution
            in the country.

            wash
            come out in the wash: 1
            If you say that something will come out in
            the wash, you mean that people will eventually
            find out the truth about it.
            It will make great listening at an industrial
            tribunal. Everything will come out in the wash,
            and Flashman will deserve it all.

            come out in the wash: 2
            You can say that everything will come out
            in the wash when you want to reassure
            someone that everything will be all right.
            That will be the end of that. This will all
            come out in the wash - I promise you.

            waste
            a waste of space
            If you describe someone as a waste of
            space, you mean that they are completely
            useless. This expression is used in British
            English.
            You 've got another woman there in charge of
            administration. I talked to her - she's an absolute
            waste of space.
            Even Sarah, a tall 13-year-old with a white
            face and black ringed eyes, treated him as if he
            were a waste of space.

            watch
            on someone's watch

            wa

            412

            44

            If something happens on someone's watch,
            it happens during a period when they are in a
            position of power, and are therefore considered
            to be responsible for it. This expression
            is used in American English.
            The last two sitting Democratic presidents
            suffered enormous political damage from foreign
            policy reverses that occurred on their
            watch.
            A leader is judged for what happens on his
            watch.
            Mistakes were made on my watch, and accordingly
            I believe my decision to retire, while
            pairful. is appropriate.

            water
            blow something out of the water
            4
            If something is blown out of the water, it
            is destroyed completely, suddenly, and violently.

            The government is in a state of paralysis. Its
            main economic and foreign policies have been
            blown out of the water.
            Butcher put paid to that He blew our whole
            operation out of the water.

            in deep water
            If you are in deep water, you are in a
            cult or awkward situation.
            you certainly seem to be in deep water
            doing your utmost to reverse the negayj?
            trends of the past couple of months or so.
            It's the same in any business that gets jnj
            deep water. As soon as it becomes known {jSj
            some outfit's down on its luck, all the creditor
            dm?

            send in their bills.
         in hot water  (get oneself/myself in hot water)
            If you say that someone is in hot water you mean that they have done something wrong and people are angry with them.
            Debbie is in hot water when Rick discovert her attempt to sabotage his relationship with Sarah.
            His forthright opinions have sometimes gotten him into hot water.
            Buckingham Palace has warned a marketing firm it could land in hot water for using the name of the Princess Royal's daughter to promote a perfume.

            like water off a duck's back
            You can say that criticism is like water off

            a duck's back when it is not having any effect
            at all on the person being criticized.
            We have heard a lot of comments over the
            years, so this is like water off a duck's back.
            Every time you discipline him he will smile
            sweetly so that you may think your rebukes art
            streaming away like water off a duck's back.

            not hold water

            44

            If you say that a theory or an argument
            does not bold water, you do not believe that
            it can possibly be true or right.
            They make it clear that the British Government's
            argument does not hold water.
            The reason given, that marks are just a
            guide and judges can make changes, does not
            hold water.
            You can say that a theory or an argument
            holds water when you think that it is true or
            right.

            Your application will be scrutinized by 0
            bank and passed on to the Department of Industry
            if it holds water.
            If these arguments hold water, then British
            non-intervention policy in the 1860s and early
            1870s was weak and inadequate.

            of the first water
            You can use erf the first water after a noun
            to indicate that someone is very good at something
            or is an extreme example of somethingThis is a fairly old-fashioned expression.
            Best of all there's a performance by MPeopU.
            proving themselves to be entertainers of the

            first water.


                evince -p 432 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            waters

            413

            full of energy, Janet recalled, and an
            the first water.
            eccenl monds of the first water are very
            He

            ?igMualÿdiamondS
            water on something

            P°UI",,cold water on something

            44

            pours cold water on an idea or
            throws cold water on it, they point
            or
            I
            sharing other
            P
            tall its problems, rather than

            someone

            [Jjople's enthusiasm for it.
            They

            poured cold water on the French propoconference involving both the

            l for a peace
            and the UN.

            During the session, the Bank of Japan tried
            pour cold water on expectations of early in
            to

            terest rate cuts.

            piis will simply throw cold water over all
            those plans and leave us with absolutely no energy
            policy in place.

            talk under water

            If you say that someone can talk under water,
            you mean that they always talk a lot in
            any situation, and it is sometimes difficult to
            stop them talking. This expression is used
            mainly in Australian English.
            My friends tell me that I can talk under wa
            ter.
            What they didn 7 know was that she can also
            talk under water with a mouth full of marbles.

            test the water
            test the waters

            4-4-4

            If you test the water or test the waters.
            you try to find out what the reaction to an
            idea or plan might be before taking action to
            put it into effect.
            / was a bit sceptical. 1 decided to test the water
            before committing the complete management

            team.
            Some European nations have been cautiously

            testing the water on visits to Vietnam and talking
            of upgrading relations. No one European
            country has yet leapt in with massive investment
            or aid packages, but there are signs that
            Europe's attitude to Vietnam may be warming.
            I think the news might have been leaked by
            higher level officials as they test the waters to
            see how the press reacts to an idea of some sort

            °f military intervention.

            tread water

            44

            If you say that someone Is treading water,
            you mean that they are in an unsatisfactory
            situation where they are not progressing, but
            are just continuing doing the same things.
            They're just going to have to do something to
            move it on, or they'll stand accused of treading

            •cater.

            I could either tread water until I was promoted,
            which looked to be a few years away, or 1
            could change what I was doing.

            water under the bridge
            water over the dam

            4

            You say that an event or situation is water
            under the bridge when you want to say that
            it happened in the past and so it is no longer
            worth thinking about or worrying about In
            American English, you can also say that
            something is water over the dam.
            7 am sorry that I did not go to the 1992
            Olympics, ' says Timmis. 'but that is water under
            the bridge. '
            Mr Bruce said that he was relieved it was
            over and that he regarded his time in jail as
            water under the bridge.
            You say things such as 'a lot of water has
            gone under the bridge' when you want to
            say that a lot of time has passed or a lot of
            things have happened since the event that
            you are referring to.
            It's almost two years since it happened. A lot
            of water has gone under the bridge but we're
            just about on speaking terms with Marcia.

            waterfront
            cover the waterfront
            If you cover the waterfront, you cover a
            very wide range of things, or cover every aspect
            of something. This expression is used
            mainly in American English.
            We have three partners and five employees
            looking after this whole category. They cover
            the entire waterfront: oil, real estate, high-tech,
            and everything else.
            We wanted to cover without covering the
            waterfront - as many issues as we could.

            -

            Waterloo
            meet your Waterloo
            If you say that someone meets their Waterloo,
            you mean that they suffer a very severe
            defeat or failure, especially one which causes
            them to finally give up what they are trying

            to do.

            At the foot of the fourth pinnacle I met my
            Waterloo. The face of the fifth pinnacle rose
            sheer above us, and it was evident even to me
            that we would not be attempting it.
            In 1815, the French leader Napoleon suf
            fered his final defeat at the Battle of Waterloo
            in Belgium.

            waters
            fish in troubled waters

            If you say that someone is fishing in troubled
            waters, you mean that they are involved
            in a very difficult or delicate situation, which
            could cause them problems.
            Mr Khan said firmly that Pakistan is not
            fishing in the troubled waters of Central Asia.
            'It is not part of any of our policies,' he said,


                evince -p 433 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            wave

            414

            adding that the Central Asian region was far
            from Pakistan's borders.
            muddy the waters
            4
            If you accuse someone erf muddying the wa
            ters, you mean that they are deliberately trying
            to make a situation or an issue more confusing
            and complicated than it really is.
            ‘It's really difficult to see what they want.'
            said a Hong Kong source in London. They
            keep on muddying the waters by raising other
            political issues. '
            Although he stands no chance of winning in
            November, he does have the potential to muddy
            the political waters and set the election on a
            perplexing new course.
            This ruling seems only to have muddied the
            waters. It seems a bit confusing and we are
            seeking clarification.

            •f

            If you say that someone is making wa*ÿ
            you mean that they are disturbing a
            by changing things or by challenging the
            things are done. You sometimes use this
            pression to suggest that this is making thinZl
            better or more exciting.
            Manufacturers began shifting production
            Taiwan. Korea, even the U.S. Apparently
            workers felt this was no time to make OYIUITJ
            plunging into union organizing.
            Maathai has a history of making waves, b,
            I97I she became the first woman in East nr*t
            Central Africa to earn a PhD.
            They are part of the new breed of furniture
            makers who are starting to make waves on tv
            British scene.

            situaSj

            J

            way

            still waters nm deep
            People say ‘still waters run deep' when
            they are talking about someone who seems to
            be unemotional or who is hard to get to
            know, to suggest that they are in fact Interest
            ing and complex.
            He's extremely shy and withdrawn, though it

            may be that still waters run very deep.
            For 25 years the orchestra's chief conductor
            was Haitink, for whom the phrase 'still waters
            run deep' might have been coined. Everyone expected
            his successor to be more fiery.

            wave
            catch the wave
            If someone catches the wave, they seize an

            opportunity that is presented to them, especially
            an opportunity to do something new.
            With parliamentary elections still officially
            scheduled for October, politicians are hoping to
            catch the wave of rising discontent.
            I think that by concentrating on smaller com
            panies you improve your chances of catching
            the next wave. You could be one of the guys
            riding the crest instead cf one of those just trying
            to hang on.

            wavelength

            on the same wavelength

            waves
            make waves

            4-4

            If you say that two people are on the same
            wavelength, you mean that they understand
            each other well because they share the same
            attitudes, interests, and opinions.
            We could complete each other's sentences because
            we were on the same wavelength.
            Although I belonged to their children's gen
            eration I found myself very much on their
            wavelength, often exchanging friendly and
            amused glances with them.

            the easy way out
            444
            If you accuse someone of taking the easy

            way out, you are accusing them of doing
            what is easiest for themselves in a difficult
            situation, rather than dealing with the problem
            properly.
            It is the easy way out to blame others for our
            failure, and this is bad practice. It is essential
            that we accept responsibility when things go
            wrong and endeavour to do something to correct
            the situation.
            You've missed payments on the house, car.
            washing machine, furniture, TV, and credit
            card. Everything is an utter mess. There's no
            easy way out. you know that already But you
            must do something or your debts will get

            worse.
            go back a long way
            4
            go way back
            If you say that two or more people go back
            a long way or go way back, you mean that
            they have been friends or associates for a
            very long time. 'Go back a long way' is used
            mainly in British English and ‘go way back'
            is used mainly in American English
            We go back quite a long way and we're very
            good mates.
            We go back a long way. and she's always
            kept in touch, always been there for me.
            'This here is Dr Gillespie, my horn player.
            added Parker. 'We go way back. '
            444
            look the other way
            If you say that someone looks the other
            way, you mean that they deliberately ignore
            something unpleasant immoral, or illegal that
            is happening when they should be trying
            deal with it or stop it from happening. You
            usually use this expression to suggest that
            this is a bad thing to do.
            Not all the homeland industries are pollution
            I


                evince -p 434 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            415

            that are have been able to count on
            to look the other way.
            hot those
            overrun*nt
            sold unashamedly in broad day
            tend to look the other way and
            but
            voUr own business.Germans
            to Hungary
            „oW of East
            The'J
            a floods and Hungarian border
            su>elieo
            the ofhgr way as East Germans
            y°u

            way

            pa ve thething paves the way for another, the
            If one
            it easier for the second to
            first thing makes
            happen
            year paved the way
            A peace agreement last
            elections.
            week's
            this
            for
            1
            The case may pave the way for legislation to

            down the circumstances in which doctors
            withhold treatment from patients without
            hope of recovery.
            The success of the new series could pave the
            way for the further growth of the channel.
            She got a job as an assistant stage manager
            at the Cambridge Arts Festival Theatre, think
            ing that it might pave the way to a career as a
            playwright.
            lay

            rriny

            rub someone up the wrong way
            4
            rub someone the wrong way
            If you say that someone rubs you up the
            wrong way, you mean that you find them or
            their behaviour very annoying. This form of
            the expression is used in British English; in

            American English, the form is rub you the
            wrong way.
            Ella Armstrong had an uncommon knack of
            rubbing everyone up the wrong way.
            'I'm surprised at you for acting like that. ' 'I
            know, and I'm sorry. But that woman just
            rubbed me the wrong way. '

            ways
            cut both ways
            cut two ways
            4
            If something cuts both ways, it has two different
            effects, usually one good and one bad.
            You can also say that something cuts two
            ways.
            For Britain, the impact cuts both ways. The

            immediate effect of cheaper oil is to reduce
            North Sea oil revenue. But it also produces
            lower domestic inflation and stronger export

            markets.
            This cuts two ways fbr the evicted homeowner. When he hands in his keys, he no longer
            owns the house; but he is still liable fbr interest
            on the loan, until the house is sold and
            the loan repaid.
            your ways
            44
            If someone mends their ways, they stop behaving
            badly or illegally and improve their

            behaviour.

            He seemed to accept his sentence meekly,
            promising to work hard in prison and to mend

            his ways.
            ‘At 34 l think I've done a lifetime of drinking.
            It's been made quite clear to me that if I carry
            on in this Jbshion I will die. ' When asked if he
            intended to mend his ways, he told us TU try
            my best. '
            Complaining to the Commission does not
            usually bring a speedy result, but the mere fact
            that an investigation has begun can force a
            dominant company to mend its ways.

            set in your ways

            4

            If you describe someone as set in their
            ways, you mean that they have very fixed
            habits and ideas which they are unlikely or
            unwilling to change.
            She knew that if the marriage was going to
            work it would have to be by her own efforts.
            her own pairful adaptation. He was too set in
            his ways to make any real changes
            Perhaps you're worried that you may have
            become set in your ways. It's very easy to devel
            op personal routines and not to accept that other
            people have other ways of doing things.

            wayside
         fall by the wayside
            If someone has fallen by the wayside, they have failed in something they were doing and have given up trying to achieve success in it.
            If an activity has fallen by the wayside, people
            have stopped doing it and forgotten about
            it. The noun 'way' is sometimes used instead
            of ‘wayside'.
            The average player's lifespan at the top is five
            years. You either play well, deal with the pressure.
            or you fall by the wayside.
            With each year our birthday parties grow
            more and more polite. We still observe the cake
            and gift rites, but games are naturally out of
            the question, and even dancing seems to have
            fallen by the wayside.

            Thousands of new diets are dreamed up yearare
            suf-

            ly; many fall by the wayside, but a few
            ficiently effective to become popular.

            wear
            wear the trousers
            wear the pants

            4

            The person in a couple who wears the trousers
            or wears the pants is the one who
            makes all the important decisions. This expression
            is usually used about women who
            seem to dominate their husbands or partners
            ‘Wear the trousers' is used only in British
            EnglishShe may give the impression that she wears
            the trousers but it's Tim who makes the final

            decisions.
            By coming

            across as the one who wears the


                evince -p 435 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            weather
            trousers Glertys is sometimes in danger of

            making her husband seem hen-pecked.
            For instance, salesmen may counter a man's
            objection that he wants to discuss an investment
            with his wife by asking, 'Who wears the
            pants in your family?'

            weather
            keep a weather eye on something

            4

            If you keep a weather eye on something or
            someone, you watch them carefully so that
            you are ready to take action when difficulties
            arise or anything goes wrong. Other preposi
            tions are sometimes used instead of 'on'. This
            expression is used in British English.
            It is necessary always to keep a weather-eye
            on your symptoms and stay alert to the
            changes which occur.
            Amy moved away from a neighbourhood
            where she'd kept a weather eye on an old lady.
            Boat owners continue to use their boats, but
            at the same time they are keeping a weather
            eye out for surprises, especially in the field cf
            taxation, that might surface in the next few
            months.
            make heavy weather of something
            4
            If you say that someone is making heavy
            weather of an activity or task, you are criticizing
            them for making it much more difficult
            or taking more time than it needs to. This expression
            is used in British English.
            To an outsider, though, the surprising thing
            is not that Spain's conservatives are inching
            ahead but that they are making such heavy
            weather of it.
            The League Cup may be Nottingham Forest's
            favourite competition they have won It four
            times - but Brian Clough 's troubled team made
            heavy weather of last night's tie at Stockport
            County.

            under the weather
            44
            If you are feeling under the weather, you
            do not feel very well.
            If you're feeling a bit under the weather but
            can't work out what's wrong, try our DIY
            guide to self-diagnosis.
            There are many things a child who is under
            the weather can do to stimulate his mind and
            imagination.

            web
            a tangled web

            "eight

            416

            4

            If you refer to a situation as a tangled web,
            you mean that it is very confused and difficult
            to understand.
            His literary life was a tangled web of frustrations, intrigues and reversals.
            It is sometimes difficult to cut through the

            tangled web of government information in order
            to know the benefits you can claim.

            wedge
            drive a wedge between people
            If someone drives a wedge between
            people who are close, they cause bad feelhjj?
            between them in order to weaken their
            tionship. Prepositions such as 'into', 'in',
            'through1 are sometimes used instead of 'K?

            twl
            I

            tween'.
            I did try to reassure her, but that only seertM
            to irritate her more. That made me upset, anq
            I started to feel Toby was driving a wedge between
            us.
            He has set up a special radio station to beam
            propaganda to the Egyptian people. His aim jj
            clearly to destabilise Egypt by driving a wedge
            between the people and their government So
            far, he appears to have had little success.
            They are very unlikely to drive a wedge within
            the Albanian community which seems now
            more united than ever before.

            the thin end of the wedge
            4
            If you refer to something as the thin end of
            the wedge, you mean that it is the beginning
            of something which seems harmless or unimportant
            at present but is likely to become important,
            serious, or harmful in the future.
            This expression is used in British English.
            I think it's the thin end of the wedge when
            you have armed police permanently on patrol
            round a city.
            Opponents cf Sunday trading believe an exception
            made for the Christmas period would
            be the thin end of the wedge and then the major
            stores would soon be pressing
            and allowed
            to open at other times of the year as
            well

            -

            -

            weight
            carry the weight of the world on your
            shoulders
            If you say that someone is carrying the
            weight of the world on their shoulders, you
            mean that they have very many troubles or
            responsibilities. Other verbs are sometime*
            used instead of 'carry'.
            You look as if you're carrying the weight o!
            the world on those lovely shoulders.
            You are the best qualified for this job but yov
            might feel that the weight of the world has
            been placed on your shoulders.
            444
            carry weight
            If a person or their opinion carries weight.
            they are respected and are able to influence
            people.
            It is the men who seem most often to be recognized
            and talk most in class. Not only do men
            talk more, but what they say often carries more
            weight.
            El Tiempo is Colombia's leading

            newspaper


                evince -p 436 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            carry considerable weight in the

            Its opin'***
            c°untn'though the names of the alleged perpe
            irators

            uÿn 't

            be named and the findings will

            t weight, the report is expected to

            hcoUy explosive.

            dead weight
            the dead
            if vou talk about
            are referring to
            hing

            you

            -4

            weight of some

            the fact that it

            ‘"Ikes
            »
            dme for him to see that Labour must be
            change

            or progress extremely difficult.

            free of the dead

            weight of union power.

            under the dead weight of a
            ' i was floundering
            marriage.

            collapsed

            firms remain nominally in
            they sit like a dead weight on
            state hands,
            Russia's struggling economy.
            As long as most

            pull your weight

            4-4

            If someone pulls their weight, they work as
            hard as everyone else who is involved in the
            same task or activity. This expression is often
            used in negative structures to suggest that
            someone is not working as hard as everyone
            else.
            You must remember that your performance
            will be judged by the performance of your
            team, and you cannot afford to carry members
            who are not pulling their weight.
            I'm angry with my mum. She expects me to
            do her shopping and give her a lot of my time,
            when I have a sister who doesn't pull her
            weight and has more free time than l do.
            Socialism is about everyone making a contribution
            in one way or another, about being given
            a chance to pull your weight, about getting
            a fair reward for what you do.
            throw your weight around
            throw your weight about
            44
            If you accuse someone of throwing their
            weight around, you are accusing them of behaving
            aggressively and of using their author
            >ty over other people more forcefully than
            •hey need to. In British English, you can also
            say that someone is throwing their weight

            about
            Some people regarded him as a bully who
            teas inclined to throw his weight around, but
            others who worked more closely with him
            found the man to be totally uncomplicated if
            s°metimes excessively forthright.

            •Jonathon Rose, defending, told the jury: 'My
            elient is the sort of person who likes to throw

            his weight around when he has been drinking.'
            They can get into difficult situations with suPeriorg wfw
            jess intelligent than themselves
            0r who satisfy
            their ego by throwing their
            weight about.

            throw your

            wheel

            417

            *eight

            weight behind something
            444

            If you throw your weight behind a person,
            P*an, or campaign, you do everything you can

            to support them.
            Shadow Chancellor Gordon Brown pulled out
            of the Labour leadership race last night to

            throw his weight behind Tony Blair.
            The U.S. government is promising now to
            throw its weight behind the peace negotiations.
            The President threw his weight behind a
            radical plan for economic reform - so placing
            him in opposition to his Prime Minister.

            worth your weight in gold
            4
            If you say that someone or something is
            worth their weight in gold, you mean that
            they are very useful, helpful, or valuable.

            Successful television is about having ideas. It
            always has been and always will be. People
            with ideas are worth their weight in gold
            Francine was turning out to be worth her
            weight in gold Many things that Bill hadn't
            the heart for these days, she attended to cheer
            fully and responsibly.

            west
            go west
            When someone goes west, they die. When
            something goes west, it stops existing or
            working. This is an old-fashioned expression.
            When he went west, he wanted to be remem

            bered
            His hopes of a professional singing career
            long ago went west.

            whale
            4
            have a whale of a time
            If you say that someone is having a whale
            of a time, you are emphasizing that they are

            enjoying themselves a lot.
            Ferris wheels, helter skelters and roller
            coaster rides are the order ctf the day at
            Blackpool's worldfamous Pleasure Beach. Here
            you'll find kids of all ages having a whale of a

            time.
            I had a whale of a time in Birmingham.

            wheel
            a big wheel

            4

            If you describe someone as a big wheel in

            an organization or society, you mean that
            they have an important and powerful position
            in it.
            The general is a big wheel in the Directorate
            of Military Schools and Academies qf the Rus
            sian Army.
            They flew Robin to New York, where George's
            uncle was a big wheel at Memorial Hospital.

            a fifth wheel
            a third wheel
            if you describe someone as a fifth wheel in
            a situation, you mean that they are unwanted,
            unimportant, out of place, or superfluous. You


                evince -p 437 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            wheels
            can also describe them as a third wheel. These
            expressions are used in American English.
            Women realty do suffer more as widows. The
            fifth woman at a couples dinner party is a fifth
            wheel; the fifth man is a social coup.
            It prompts Miller to remark wryly: ‘You
            know theatre today is the fifth wheel - it makes
            some noise but nothing rests on it. '
            He says police and prosecutors did little to
            help the surviving family members stay informed.
            and generally treated him like a third
            wheel.

            reinvent the wheel
            4
            If you say that someone is reinventing the
            wheel, you are criticizing them for working

            on an idea or project that they consider new
            or different, when it is really no better than
            something that already exists.
            Learn from the examples of the Netherlands
            and Scandinavia. We have created foundations
            for other countries to follow. Each country's organization
                does not need to reinvent the wheel.

            Their tendency is to re-invent the wheel each
            time they are called upon to respond to a new
            refugee emergency.
            People sometimes use this expression when
            someone has got a new idea or project that
            does improve on the thing that already exists.
            It is new territory Jbr the industry. We are reinventing
            the wheel here, and there is likely to
            be a massive change.

            wheels
            oil the wheels
            grease the wheels
            4
            If someone or something oils the wheels or
            greases the wheels of a process or system.
            they help things to run smoothly and successfully.
            The noun ‘cogs' is sometimes used instead
            of ‘wheels'. The forms with ‘oil' are
            used only in British English.
            There is a consensus that state planning
            should be greatly reduced and confined mainly
            to oiling the wheels of the market.
            The best contribution you can make at this
            time is to support your wife emotionally and to
            oil the domestic wheels as much as possible.
            Credit cards greased the wheels of the consumer
            boom by allowing us to buy what we
            want, when we want.

            set the wheels in motion

            4

            If you set the wheels in motion to carry
            out an important plan or project, you do what
            is necessary to start it. The verb ‘put' is
            sometimes used instead of ‘set', and you can
            also say that the wheels are in motion.
            I have set the wheels in motion to sell
            Endsleigh Court the sooner I get out cf this
            block, the better.

            wlM
            .

            418

            It's time everyone else started believing
            and put the wheels of change into motion. ‘C*B
            By the following February, all wheels an
            motion for a city about to party with floats an*
            costumes for an envious world to see.
            spin your wheels
            If you accuse someone of spinning
            wheels, you are criticizing them for failingÿ 1
            do or achieve anything satisfactory. This e*.
            pression is used mainly in American English
            He is not getting anywhere. He's just spinning
            his wheels.
            She admitted that she had been spinning her
            wheels for so long that she needed help
            changing behaviors to get what she said she
            wanted.

            I

            the wheels are turning
            If you say that the wheels are turning In *
            a
            process or situation, you mean that the process or situation is continuing to develop and

            progress.
            The wheels continue to turn on plans to convert
            the building into a bookstore.
            It is the small entrepreneurs of this country
            that keep the wheels of commerce turning and
            who create opportunity and employment.
            A combination of craftsmanship and dedication
            has won much needed orders and set the
            wheels turning once more.

            wheels within wheels

            4

            If you say that there are wheels within
            wheels in a situation, you mean that it is
            very complicated because many different
            things, which influence one another, are in
            volved in it.
            Our culture is more complex than he knows.
            Wheels within wheels. Hierarchies.
            Moreover, there are wheels within wheels. Be
            hind his apparent freedom as a director or o
            producer may lie the interest of the studio sub
            sidising it.
            There are wheels within wheels within wheels
            in the espionage game.

            whip
            crack the whip

            4

            If a person in authority cracks the whip.
            they make people work very hard and treat
            them firmly, strictly, and perhaps harshly.
            They run the chapel. I don't. They crack the
            whip and I have to jump to it
            Donna stayed at home and cooked and
            cracked the whip over her three girls and son.
            When someone treats people in this way.
            you can talk about the crack of their whipIt looked as though he had only acted under
            the crack of the whip of his Secretary of State.
            4
            a fair crack of the whip
            If you get a fair crack of the whip, you get

            a


                evince -p 438 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            w hi*-1
            .
            ch nCe
            the

            someth1™5
            E ,

            to prove how good you are at

            xtus expression is used in British

            '

            them is expecting any favours, just a
            of the whip
            y a first-rate actor who proved that he de
            o foie crack of the whip by turning in a

            Xack
            I“
            vd

            performance
            Sdi
            You could,

            given a

            fair crack of the

            whip.

            job out of this
            make a satisfying

            hold

            white

            419

            the whip hand
            the whip hand

            4

            If you have the whip hand or hold the
            whip hand in a situation, you have more
            power than the other people involved, and so
            you have an advantage or control over them.
            The biggest party in that government should
            have the whip hand in decision-making.
            Consumers will be in the unusual position of
            having the whip hand over the agents.
            As the Democrats have majorities in both
            Houses and therefore control the relevant committees,
            they now seem to hold the whip hand.

            whirl
            4
            give something a whirl
            If you give something a whirl, you try it in
            order to see whether you like it or think you
            can be successful doing it.
            Why not give acupuncture a whirl?
            Paul confirmed that he, Ringo Starr and
            George Harrison were getting back together.
            'For old time's sake we'll give it a whirl,' he

            soul

            whisker
            by a whisker

            4

            If you succeed in doing something by a
            whisker, you almost fail. If you fail to do
            something by a whisker, you almost succeed.
            The French government only scraped a Yes
            vote by a whisker.
            At the end we lost by a whisker and I feel ter
            ribly disappointed.

            within a whisker of something

            44

            If you come within a whisker of doing
            something, you nearly succeed in doing it. If
            something is within a whisker of a particu
            lar amount, it is almost that amount.
            He came within a whisker of scoring a spec

            locular goal.
            The two firms are within a whisker of agreeing
            on a deal.
            Unemployment, at 6.4 per cent of the labour
            force, is now within a whisker of the rate at
            which inflation has often started to climb.

            whistle
            blow the whistle on someone
            -44-4
            If you blow the whistle on someone who is
            doing something illegal, dishonest, or immor
            al, you tell the authorities about them be
            cause you feel strongly that what they are do
            ing is wrong and they should be stopped.
            The week he died. Foreign Minister Ouko was
            planning to blow the whistle on corrupt top

            level officials.
            Members of Queensland coastal communities
            are being asked to blow the whistle on activities
            that damage the marine environment.
            You can refer to this activity as whistleblowing
            It gives employees who wish to report unsafe
            practices a privileged route to go down without
            jeopardising their jobs. It makes whistleblowing
            ultimately unnecessary.
            As one whistle-blowing former drug sales
            person said on the film: 7 sometimes wondered
            if people were dying as a result of what I was
            doing. '
            A whistle-blower is someone who does

            this.
            The department needs to protect whistleblowers.
            health professionals who want and
            care to make a change in the system.

            wet your whistle
            If you wet your whistle, you have a drink,
            especially an alcoholic drink. This is a fairly
            old-fashioned expression.
            Wine was the only thing available with
            which to wet your whistle, which might explain
            the rapid decline from civilised dinner to rau
            cous riot.
            Dine at the Griechenbeisel where Mozart.
            Strauss and Beethoven went to wet their whistles
            - see their signatures on the walls.

            whistle for something
            If you tell someone that they can whistle
            for something, you are telling them rudely
            that you will not give it to them.
            Rejecting all overtures about the possibility of
            a compromise, she refused to open her books to
            the auditors, closed the show and told the city
            it could whistle for its money.

            white
            white as a sheet
            white as a ghost

            4

            If someone looks as white as a sheet or as
            white as a ghost they look very pale and

            frightened.
            There was another lady lorry driver who
            pulled in in front of me, who it affected badly
            She was as white as a sheet
            In 30 years of marriage I have never seen my
            husband in such a state He was as white as a
            ghost and trembling.


                evince -p 439 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            whys
            white as snow
            If you say that something is as white as
            snow, you are emphasizing that it is very
            white in colour.
            When it's warm enough to go bare legged but
            your skin's as white as snow, a fake tan's the

            answer.
            4
            whiter than white
            If you describe someone as whiter than
            white, you mean that their actions are always honest and moral. You usually use this
            expression when you are referring to doubts
            about the person's character or behaviour, or
            when you are being ironic and trying to suggest
            that the person is less honest or moral
            than they appear to be.
            He is prepared to forgive Atherton's deceit
            this time, but has left him in no doubt that his
            behaviour must be whiter than white in future.
            You cant pretend that somehow or other the
            police are whiter than white. We're living in a
            real world.
            You can use whiter than white before a

            noun.

            This brush with the law seems to have been
            the only taint in an otherwise whiter than
            white lifestyle.

            whys
            the whys and wherefores
            4
            If you talk about the whys and wherefores
            of something, you are talking about the reasons
            for it.
            Even successful bosses need to be queried

            about the whys and wherefores of their actions.
            We may ask for whys and wherefores, but we
            don't really expect answers.

            wick
            get on someone's wick
            If you say that someone or something gets
            on your wick, you mean that they irritate
            you a great deal. This is an informal expression,
            which is used in British English.
            Let's face it, after three or four songs that
            voice really does get on your bloody wick.

            wicket
            on a sticky wicket
            bat on a sticky wicket

            Wi4,|

            120

            4

            If you say that someone is on a sticky
            wicket or is batting on a sticky wicket, you
            mean that they are in a difficult situation,
            and they will find it hard to deal with their
            problems These expressions are used in British
            English.
            It seemed to me that we were on rather a
            sticky wicket. We couldn't admit that we had
            got the figures without provoking a major ex
            plosion and the certain sacking of
            Waller.
            Mr Hughes is batting on a very sticky
            indeed Should he succeed in proving his
            geous claims, he would lay himself opento

            \

            ictcjfc-,1

            outr? I

            of treason.
            You can refer to a difficult situation as
            *
            sticky wicket.
            Well, that's a really sticky wicket. As yÿ.
            know, the United Nations will be meeting
            again on that question later today.
            charge

            J

            wide
            be wide open
            If a contest or

            competition is wide open, it
            is very difficult to say who will win because
            the competitors are all equally good.
            The competition has been thrown wide open
            by the absence of the world champion.
            The Tbries breathed a sigh of relief last night
            as two polls showed the election race was sHU
            wide open.

            blow something wide open: 1
            4
            If someone blows a way of doing things
            wide open, they change it completely by doing
            things in a totally different way. Verbs
            such as 'throw', 'bust', and 'split' are sometimes
            used instead of 'blow'.
            Pamela has blown the old newsreader image
            wide open.
            This means that any reopening of the debate
            could split the Italian political system wide
            open.
            Reforms in the government bond market will
            bust wide open the old monopoly on bond-price

            information.
            blow something wide open: 2
            If someone blows something wide open.
            they reveal something secret that other people
            have been trying to hide.
            Yesterday morning, when Seb turned up, his

            nerve broke. He ran away, to London. He was
            going to blow the whole thing wide open.

            Has it occurred to you that he can blow the
            operation wide open?

            leave yourself wide open
            lay yourself wide open

            4

            If you leave yourself wide open to something
            such as criticism or ridicule, you make
            it very easy for other people to criticize or
            ridicule you, because you behave in a naive
            or foolish way. You can also say that you lay
            yourself wide open to something.
            The statement leaves us wide open to attack.
            The problem remains that a world wide

            of kidneys for transplantation has left
            the field wide open for the medical exploitation
            of poor people in less developed countries.
            Presenting yourself as someone who is unable

            shortage

            I


                evince -p 440 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            421

            / their emotions lays you wide open to

            wilderness
            wilderness

            in the

            refer to someone's time in the wilyou are referring to a part of their
            when they are inactive and ignored.
            do not have an influential role. This exis used in British English, especially

            Session
            journalism.
            in

            was
            Dennis Skinner
            wilderness.

            voted back after two
            the
            in
            Years
            get another chance to repreDeis
            delighted to
            ss country ajler a period in the wilder
            sent

            ness

            in the political wilderness the
            After 10 years Party
            appeared yesterday to be
            Labour
            Danish
            returning power.

            to
            on the verge of
            the
            crying
            wilderness
            in
            voice

            H

            wolves howl like the wind and the bobcats
            screech.

            wind
            444

            dCreer

            CA

            WiiiU

            4
            lone voice in the wilderness
            If you describe someone as a voice crying
            in the wilderness or a lone voice in the
            wilderness, you mean that they are pointing
            out the dangers in a situation or the truth
            about it, but nobody is paying any attention.
            Ishmael Reed has been a frequent critic of
            television news coverage of African-Americans,
            but he says he considered himself a voice cry
            ing in the wilderness.

            For years, he was a lone voice in the wilderness.
            and a lot of it came across as self-serving.
            But I'll tell you. the man was right.

            wildfire
            spread like wildfire
            44
            If something, especially news or a rumour,
            spreads like wildfire, it very quickly reaches
            or affects a lot of people. Other verbs such as
            'sweep' and 'grow' are sometimes used instead
            of ‘spread'.
            When final confirmation of his release came,
            the news spread like wildfire.
            Just about everybody I talked to had heard a
            story from a neighbor or friend or a relative
            about some terrible carnage at the front. And
            these stories are spreading like wildfire
            through the city.
            The virus has forced us to isolate the players
            and our worry is that it will affect the remainder.
            It swept through the team like wildfire.

            willies
            give you the willies
            If something gives you the willies, it makes
            you feel very nervous or frightened.
            '/ wonder how long this rain's going to keep
            up. ' Tracy said. 'It's giving me the willies.'
            Oh, living on the mountainside is enough to
            anyone the willies - especially when the

            blow in the wind
            If something such as an idea or agreement
            is blowing in the wind, it is being thought
            about and discussed, but no decision has yet
            been taken about it
            The agreement blowing in the wind at Mont
            real signaled a change in business conditions.
            and du Pont decided to jump in.
            Samaranch, sensing perhaps some difficulties
            blowing in the wind, withdrew, for the time being,
            the executive's proposal

            get wind of something
            catch wind of something

            44

            If you get wind of something such as a plan
            or information, you get to know about it, of
            ten when other people did not want you to.
            You can also say that you catch wind of
            something.
            / want nothing said about this until I give
            the word. I don't want the public, and especial
            ly not the press, to get wind of it at this stage.
            It was at the end of July, five months into the
            company's year, that the market got wind of a
            problem, and Tom Farmer, chairman and chief
            executive, gave warning that sales were down

            in the wind

            4

            If something such as change is in the wind.
            it is likely to happen.
            Change is in the wind and this England team
            will alter as the year unfolds
            Her intelligence, judgment and instinct, com
            bined with her experience as a war correspond
            ent, were all telling her the same thing. It was
            going to happen tonight The crackdown that
            had been in the wind for days would be tonight.

            it's an ill wind
            it's an ill wind that blows nobody any
            good

            4

            People say it's an ill wind when they want
            to point out that unpleasant events and diffi
            cult situations often have unexpected good effects.
            At the time I thought it a great misfortune in
            deed to have survived a war only to get an illness
            from my patients. But it's an ill wind I
            recovered and married one of my nurses from
            that hospital.
            It's an ill wind, of course, and what is bad
            for the oil companies is good for the consumer
            and inflation.
            This expression comes from the proverb
            it's an ill wind that blows nobody any

            -

            good.

            There is nothing like a leadership contest for
            being able to lift stones up and look under


                evince -p 441 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            wind
            them again. It is an ill wind which blows nobody
            any good. I welcome the fact that this is
            being brought to the front again.
            It's an ill wind that blows no good.

            like the wind
            <
            If you say that someone runs or moves like
            the wind, you are emphasizing that they run
            or move very quickly.
            She was a wonderful kid. Ran like the wind
            on our track team.
            Out on the water, the boat goes like the wind.

            put the wind up someone
            get the wind up
            If someone or something puts the wind up
            you, they make you scared or worried. This
            expression is used mainly in British English.
            The front door was jammed and they couldn't
            open it. The delay put the wind up me because,
            by then, I knew something was very wrong.
            He has already put the wind up his management
            team by detailing his strategy of globalisation.

            If you become scared or worried, you can
            say that you get the wind up or have the
            wtnd up
            She won't crack, but Denny might when he
            gets the wind up.
            As for as the real economy is concerned, it is
            plain that despite all the encouraging noises
            which have recently been emanating from the
            Government it has the wind up about the recovery.

            sail close to the wind
            If you sail close to the wind, you take a
            risk by doing or saying something which may
            get you into trouble. This expression is used
            mainly in British English.
            Max warned her she was sailing dangerously
            close to the wind and risked prosecution.
            Rogers has often railed against the transgressions
            of businessmen who sometimes sail a bit
            close to the wind for his liking.

            a second wind
            If you get a second wind when you are
            tired or unsuccessful, you suddenly find the
            strength or motivation to go on and succeed
            in what you are doing.
            It was great tennis and it was fun. I got a second
            wind midway through the fourth set.
            The president said today that this would be a
            programme for the nineties, and give the party
            a second wind.
            spit in the wind
            If you say that someone is spitting in the
            wind, you mean that they are wasting their
            time by trying to do something which has little
            or no chance of success.
            But the idea that you can talk about a single

            _1

            win*

            422

            currency today is to spit in the wind of
            ic reality.

            take the wind out of someone's sails
            take the w ind out of someone's sail
            If something takes the wind out of
            sails or takes the wind out of your sail/u
            makes you feel much less confident in wh»j
            you are doing or saying. The form with 'sajjl
            is used only in American English.
            We hit a bad patch after losing to Manchester
            United in the Cup semifinal We put everything
            into those two games and it shows. The effort
            and disappointment took the wind out of our
            sails for a while.
            This concession succeeded in taking much
            the wind out qf the opposition's sails. Oifidm
            of the measure has been distinctly muted.
            A year ago. had they offered them autonomy,
            this would have taken the wind out of his sail

            I

            1
            1

            I

            almost completely.

            twist in the wind
            swing in the wind
            If you say that someone is twisting in the
            wind or is swinging in the wind, you mean
            that they have been left in a very difficult and
            weak position, often by people who hope to
            gain advantage from this for themselves. Other
            verbs such as 'hang' or 'turn' are sometimes
            used instead of 'twist' and 'swing'.
            These expressions are used more commonly®
            in American English than British.
            For seven and a half months, it now seems
            clear, she was left twisting mutely in the wind
            to cover up a failed policy.
            Critics accused the Prime Minister of leaving I
            the minister swinging in the wind, neither giving
            him unreserved backing, nor being prepared
            to end the agony by sacking him.
            which way the wind is blowing
            4
            how the wind is blowing
            If someone sees which way the wind l*
            blowing, they understand or realize how a
            situation is developing and use this in deckling
            what to do. You can also say that someone
            sees how the wind is blowing.
            He wasn't one to make pronouncements before
            he was sure which way the wind was blowing.
            The Shadow Chancellor has sensed the way
            the wind is blowing and is calling for a full
            public inquiry into the activities of credit card
            companies.
            Well, I don't think he'd wait for anything. W
            might jump in too quick I don't think he'd

            -

            wait to see how the wind was blowing.

            whistle in the wind
            If you say that someone is whistling in the
            wind, you mean that what they are saying is
            empty or pointless.
            The leader of the Liberal Democrats accused


                evince -p 442 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            windn>iUs

            Minister of whistling in the wind to
            the 1Prime
            morale.
            Conservative party
            he had confided to some
            or to going out.that
            he was going to win
            journalists
            'nish
            but that turned out to be whistournament,
            tfU!
            wind.
            tltng m the

            r°i>r

            windmills

            or issues which in your
            time on problems
            opinion are not really problems at all.
            The supporters of this act are lilting at wind
            mills- They Imagine that America is being
            technology by predatory Jbreigners

            That could not be further from the truth.
            / have spent my life tilling at windmills. Will
            I never learn ?
            If they find it convenient to tilt at the wind
            mill of Japanese exports rather than tackle
            their own fiscal disorders, they should remem
            ber that they are supposed to be serious govern
            ments

            window
            go out the window

            wing
            a wing and a prayer

            4

            If you do something on a wing and a prayer,
            you do it in the hope that you will sue
            ceed, even though you do not have the proper
            resources for it, or are not properly equipped

            or prepared.

            Gay programmes and the gay press are run
            wing and a prayer.
            Whatever the cause, large parts of the government
            seem to be running on a wing and a

            on a

            prayer.

            take someone under your wing
            44
            If you take someone under your wing, you
            protect them and make sure that they are ail
            I let him tag along because he had not been
            too well recently. I took him under my wing
            and looked after him.
            Food aid has already come from America and
            others. But it is Japan that seems most deter
            mined to take Mongolia under its wing.
            under the wing of someone
            If you are under the wing of someone, they
            control you or take responsibility for you.
            If their problems are picked up at school and
            they come under the wing cf an educational
            psychologist, they may be found a place in a
            special school.
            What the government has not done, then or
            now. is to remove the office from under the
            wing of the economics ministry

            wings

            go out of the window
            444
            If something such as a plan or a particular
            way of thinking or behaving has gone out
            the window or has gone out of the window,
            it has disappeared completely. Other verbs
            such as ‘fly' are sometimes used instead of
            ‘go' ‘Out of the window' is used only in British
            English.
            That theory has gone out the window with
            the last days of testimony.
            It seems Britons are ready to sacrifice almost
            anything to have an annual holiday. Home improvements
            go out of the window and one in
            three people will even give up going to the pub
            to save for a break.
            Three years later she met Mick, and her good
            intentions flew out the window.
            Millions of pounds were recklessly and needlessly
            lost, wisdom and common sense thrown
            out of the window.
            °n

            Some rider and horse combinations are a joy
            to watch but others are simply not up to it
            They get over the higher fences on a wing and
            a prayer

            right.

            4
            tilt at windmills
            tilting at windsomeone
            is
            say
            that
            you
            If
            mills. you mean that they are wasting their

            leached of

            wings

            423

            clip someone's wings
            44
            If someone clips your wings, they limit
            your freedom to do what you want.
            The opposition has been trying to clip his
            wings by making his actions and his appointments
            subject to parliamentary approval
            Congress tried to clip his wings and cancel
            his referendum
            Unfortunately, the race committee have seen
            fit to clip our wings in the race by banning the
            use of these sails in four of the six legs.

            in the wings

            444

            If you say that someone is waiting in the
            wings, you mean that they are waiting for an
            opportunity to take action, especially to take
            over another person's job or position.
            He was one of a number of young, up and
            coming American players who were waiting in
            the wings for the next Major Championship.
            British Telecom has been attacked for exces
            sive profits ever since it was privatised But
            there are now more than 20 big companies
            waiting in the wings to take over some of its
            business.
            O You can also say that something is in the
            wings when it is about to happen or be made
            public.
            More bad news could be in the wings in the
            form of more rises in licence fees
            44
            spread your wings
            If you spread your wings, you do something
            new that is more ambitious than any
            thing you have done before.


                evince -p 443 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            wink
            I've always had a very strong musical direction
            and l was able to really flourish and

            spread my wings.
            Given the firm's high profile in Scotland, it is
            perhaps surprising that it has not spread its
            wings across the border

            try your wings
            If you try your wings, you try to do something
            new to see if you can succeed.
            That's the other thing the school never
            teaches you. There's very little place to try your
            wings, to see how you do a particular task.
            He was very keen to try his wings and be a
            deputy on his own.

            wink
            not sleep a wink
            not get a wink of sleep

            4

            If you say that you did not sleep a wink or
            that you did not get a wink of sleep, you
            mean that you tried to go to sleep but could

            not
            This was my first Grand Prix win of the sea
            son and I was so excited l couldn't sleep a
            wink that night.
            Unfortunately. I didn 'l get a wink qf sleep because
            the tablets I was given made me sick.
            tip someone the wink
            If you tip someone the wink, you quietly or
            secretly give them information that could be
            important or helpful to them. This is an oldfashioned expression, which is used in British
            English.
            The commission may tip him the wink that
            certain compromises might prove acceptable to

            EU governments
            Back in Italy in 1945. he resolved to help
            them either by tipping them the wink to flee, or
            by fudging the evidence.

            winks
            forty winks
            4
            If you have forty winks, you have a short
            sleep or rest This is a fairly old-fashioned expression.
            He's having his fbrty winks. It's a wonder
            you didn 't hear his snores in the street.
            There's nothing like 40 winks to ease away
            the tension and stresses of a hard day

            wire
         down to the wire
            If you do something down to the wire, you continue doing it until the last possible moment.
            wits

            424

            44

            This expression is used mainly in
            American English.
            As Congress worked down to the wire to
            reach a compromise, the president lectured a

            group of White House interns on the budget cri.
            sis.
            With two days to go. this means the partie*
            will go down to the wire before a victor
            emerges.
            Contract negotiations between General Motors
            and the United Auto Workers are going down
            to the wire in Detroit The strike deadline is
            midnight tonight.

            a live wire

            -i

            If you describe someone as a live wire, you
            mean that they are very lively and energetic.
            She is a wonderful girl, a real live wire and

            full of fun.
            under the wire

            If you get in under the wire, you get in
            somewhere or do something at the last possible
            moment. This expression is used mainly
            in American English.
            He has been running ads in publications like
            the Wall Street Journal, urging clients to get
            in under the wire.
            On first reading it looks like they'll get under
            the wire because they have a US partner on the
            team.

            wits
            at your wits' end
            44
            If you are at your wits' end, you are very
            worried and desperate about something and
            you do not know what to do about it.
            Josh became very difficult after his father's
            death: he was rebellious and rude, and refused
            to go to school I was at my wits' end.
            We row a lot and we never have time on our
            own. I'm at my wit's end.
            People are at their wits end about crime and
            they want to do something. They want action.

            collect your wits
            gather your wits
            If you collect your wits or gather your
            wits, you make an effort to control yourself
            and become calm again, after you have had a
            frightening or shocking experience. These expressions
            are used mainly in novels.
            For a bone-jarred moment all he knew was
            the shocked terror of being left in a hail of
            gunfire, then he collected his wits, scrambled
            up and fled.
            Late that night, as we tried to gather our
            wits in a hotel we sought to imagine what
            would have happened if, as so easily could
            have been the case, we had been on board the
            boat when the storm blew up.

            have your wits about you
            keep your wits about you
            need your wits about you

            4

            If you have your wits about you or keep
            your wits about you, you are alert and ready


                evince -p 444 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            in a difficult or new situation.
            taKup action
            your wits about you, it is imporneed
            lf
            r y0u to behave in this way.
            your
            about y°u when
            u've Pot 10
            driving a car.
            Obviously divers need to keep their wits about
            t0

            t&v

            3re

            a time when a woman needed her
            wits about her. a time to think clearly
            keenly about escape.
            4
            your wits against someone
            If you pit your wits against someone, you
            to try and defeat them.
            use your intelligence
            is
            used
            in British English.
            expression
            This
            next man. I'd like to
            the
            as
            ambitious
            I'm os
            manage a team at the very highest level and
            pit my wits against the best
            He has to pit his wits against an adversary
            who is cool, clever, cunning and desperate not

            Pit

            to be caught.

            scare someone out of

            their wits

            4

            If something scares you out of your wits, it
            makes you very frightened or worried. You
            can also say that something scares the wits
            out of you. Verbs such as 'frighten' and 'startle'
            can be used instead of ‘scare'.
            'Oh, Pm so glad you're all right!' Bess ex
            claimed, hugging Nancy, and George

            added

            ‘You scared us out of our wits. We heard you
            had an accident. '
            My people are actually getting frightened to
            go out into the field. Terrorists couldn't do it,
            civil wars didn't bother them, but a damned
            ghost is scaring the wits out of them.
            The tree crashed through the conservatory
            and set off all the alarms, which joined with
            the sound of the gale to frighten me out of my
            wits
            You can also say that something scares
            you witless.
            It was dark. Everybody was locked indoors,
            scared witless. Only a tiny minority know what
            happened.
            The door used to blow open and startle me

            witless.

            wives
            hn old wives' tale

            44

            An old wives' tale is a commonly held be
            lief that is based on traditional ideas, often

            ones

            WOII

            425

            vviveS

            which have been proved to be incorrect

            or inaccurate.

            My mother used to tell me to feed a cold and
            starve a fever. Is it just an old wives' tale?
            It's not just an old wives' tale, you know, that
            full moons and madness have an affinity. As a
            matter of fact, as recently as last year, at the
            University of Pennsylvania, an extremely interesting
            study was done along those lines.

            wobbly
            throw a wobbly
            throw a wobbler
            4
            If someone throws a wobbly or throws a
            wobbler, they lose their temper in a noisy,
            uncontrolled, and childish way. often about
            something unimportant. These expressions
            are used in British English.
            / can't even lie in the bath without him
            throwing a wobbly because there are a few
            shampoo bottles with the lids off.
            He saw no point in throwing a wobbler when
            his mum refused him his favourite pud he reported
            her to the police instead.

            wolf
            cry wolf

            44

            If you say that someone is crying wolf, you
            mean that they are continually asking for
            help when it is not needed, or warning about
            danger when it does not really exist. Because
            of this, people have stopped believing them
            and so will not help them when it is really
            necessary.
            Knowing when to issue an evacuation order
            is crucial If it is issued too early, the storm
            could veer off in another direction, then off
            cials could be accused of crying wolf and fu
            lure orders might not be taken seriously. On
            the other hand, if the order goes out too late,
            there may not be enough time for the residents
            to get out.
            Wall Street analysts who have been telling
            clients to avoid Philadelphia Electric shares
            are starting to feel like the little boy who cried
            wolf. Nobody believes them.
            In a story by Aesop, the little boy who
            looked after the sheep called for help so many
            times that, when a wolf really came and attacked
            the sheep, the villagers did not believe
            him and the sheep were killed.
            keep the wolf from the door
            4
            Something which keeps the wolf from the
            door provides you with enough money to live

            on.
            Government pension provisions will keep the
            wolf from the door, but for a comfortable old

            age you need to make maximum use of the
            to you.
            The finance we got then wasn't brilliant. A
            lot of the lads took small jobs to help keep the
            wolf from the door.

            financial choices now open

            a lone wolf

            If you refer to someone as a lone wolf, you
            mean that they are independent and like doing
            things on their own, rather than doing
            them with other people.
            Among his peers, he is something of a lone

            wolf.

            Furness was a maverick, a lone wolf. A worn

                evince -p 445 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            wolves
            an who didn't follow Standard Operating Procedures.
            a wolf in sheep's clothing
            a sheep in wolfs clothing
            •4
            If you refer to someone or something as a
            wolf in sheep's clothing, you mean that although
            they appear harmless or ordinary,
            they are really very dangerous or powerful.
            John Major's grey image may disguise a wolf
            in sheep's clothing.
            Calling it a wolf in sheep's clothing, Surgeon
            General Antonia Novello is stepping up her
            campaign against a high alcohol wine drink
            called Cisco.
            People sometimes describe someone as a
            sheep in wolfs clothing to mean that the
            person seems dangerous or powerful, but is
            really harmless or ordinary.
            His protruding jaw, combined with his teeth,
            gave him a vicious appearance. However, he
            was a sheep in wolfs clothing, a gentle, amt
            able parish priest, loved by his people in
            Aberconwy

            wolves
            throw someone to the wolves

            w°°<J$

            426

            4

            If someone throws you to the wolves, they
            allow you to be criticized severely or treated
            roughly, and they do not try to protect you.
            Throw someone to the lions means the

            same.

            What he feared even more than the isolation
            was the thought of being released into the gen

            eral prison population. 'What will happen
            there?' he asked. 7 don 't know what will happen
            if they throw me to the wolves. '
            Suddenly he was thrown to the wolves with
            the stigma of being incompetent, no good, even
            a fool. It was a dreadful end to a distinguished

            career.

            wonder
            a one-day wonder
            a nine-day wonder
            -4
            If you refer to something or someone as a
            one-day wonder or a nine-day wonder, you
            mean that they are interesting, exciting, or
            successful for only a very short time, and
            they do not have any lasting value. Other
            numbers can be used instead of 'one' or
            'nine'.
            If the goal was simply to make people aware
            Of environmental problems it was a great success.
            The fear of environmentalists, though, is
            that this may prove to be a one-day wonder.
            The other main theme that has wafted across
            the Atlantic this week, the vulnerability of
            brand leaders to pricecutting, shows no sign of
            passing away as a nine-day wonder.
            The attitude of the majority of the people I've

            spoken to is: 'So what? It's a seven-day
            people will forget it's there.'

            '

            wood
            dead wood
            If you refer to someone or something
            dead wood, you mean that they are no loneZ
            useful or effective in a particular organizatS
            or situation and you want to get rid of them.
            Get rid of all the dross and dead wood. Jh.
            emit women and men who are lively, alert, iniaginative and who want to teach.
            Now is the time for the dead wood at the top
            of the party to be cut away. Since the
            the leadership has received a great deal of criticism.
            Mr Hill said the Government's policies, designed
            to streamline the industry and remove
            some of the dead wood had ‘gone too far'.

            electionÿ

            touch wood
            knock on wood
            knock wood

            44

            When you are talking about how well things
            are going for you, you say ‘touch wood',
            ‘knock on wood', or ‘knock wood' to mean
            that you hope the situation will continue to
            be good and that you will not have any bad
            luck. “Touch wood- is used mainly in British
            English, and ‘knock on wood' and ‘knock
            wood' are used mainly in American English.
            She's never even been to the doctor's, touch
            wood. She's a healthy happy child and anyone
            can see that
            7 really do not believe the things that art
            happening now. 1 have the potential at this
            point for the kind of career I could only ham
            dreamed of I'm knocking on wood because you
            never know.'
            ‘And knock wood I have been at the company
            for 13 years, and I have not missed one day's
            work through illness. Not one.'
            People sometimes actually touch or knock
            on a wooden surface as they say this

            woods
            44
            out of the woods
            If someone or something is not yet out of
            the woods, they are still having difficulties
            with something or are still in a bad condition.
            The Prime Minister is by no means out of the

            woods, and must fight to defend his leadership
            at a crisis Cabinet meeting to be called early

            today.

            One economist warns the nation's economy is
            not out of the woods yet, that there has to be
            concern about financial shocks coming from

            abroad.

            I

            I


                evince -p 446 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            woodwork

            woodwork
            w
            out of the woodwork

            4

            coine can say that people are coining out of
            'ÿwoodwork if they suddenly start publicly
            something or saying something, when

            d°'viously they did nothing or kept quiet.
            Pj* often use this expression when you are
            cr*'tical
            You

            of them for not having done this earli
            can replace 'come' with another verb

            to

            starting to come out of the wood
            talk about fraudulent practices in the

            as crawl'.
            sltch
            People are

            work

            industry

            The worst aspect of ‘heir decision for Britain
            will now bring anti Europeans crawl
            mg out of the woodwork once more.
            is that it

            wool
            dyed-in-the-wool

            44

            You use dyed-in-the-wool to describe a supporter
            of a particular philosophy or a member
            of a particular group to suggest that they
            have very strong beliefs or feelings about that
            philosophy or group, and are unlikely ever to

            change.

            I am a dyed m the-wool Labour man. He'll
            not get my vote.
            Mr Purves has made Hong Kong his home
            for the past 36 years but he remains a dyed-in

            the wool Scotsman.
            Teaching literature to large groups of young
            people under school circumstances is almost
            doomed to failure. Earnest trendy teachers or
            dyed in the-wool traditionalists, you're bound to
            commit at least one of the main offences.
            pull the wool over someone's eyes
            4
            If you accuse someone of pulling the wool
            over your eyes, you mean that they are trying
            to deceive you, in order to get an advan
            tage over you.
            Parents who are mistreating their small children
            would find it much more difficult to pull
            the wool over her eyes.
            7 just told them l was ten years younger than
            I really was, ' says Liliana, speaking yesterday
            for the first time about how she pulled the wool
            over the medical profession's eyes.

            Word
            a dirty word

            444

            If you say that something is a dirty word to
            someone, you mean that they disapprove of it
            and do not want to have anything to do with

            it.
            At the root of their problems was the misplaced
            belief that good products sell themselves.
            Marketing became a dirty word at the company.
            A lot Qf younger women in the '80s and '90s
            somehow thought feminism was a dirty word.

            L

            words

            427

            Responsibility and duty are dirty words in
            progressive circles. That must change.

            from the word go

            44

            From the word go means from the very beginning
            of an activity.
            Right from the word go. many of the players
            looked out of breath and out of their depth.
            Pensions can be a money maze and it's essential
            you make the right decisions from the
            word go or you won i be able to enjoy your retirement.
            get a word in edgeways
            get a word in edgewise
            4
            If you cannot get a word in edgeways or
            get a word in edgewise in a conversation,
            you find it difficult to say anything because
            someone else is talking so much. 'Get a word
            in edgeways' is used only in British English
            and ‘get a word in edgewise' is used mainly
            in American English.
            For heaven's sake. Sue. will you let me get a
            word in edgeways!
            Ernest dominated the conversation. Zhou reportedly
            could hardly get a word in edgewise

            someone's word is law
            If someone's word is law in an organization
            or group, everyone has to obey them. This ex
            pression is sometimes used to suggest that
            this kind of behaviour is unreasonable
            His word was law inside the firm, and subor
            dictates literally trembled when he stalked into
            a room, waving one of his giant cigars.
            His father was the kind of parent who saw
            no reason to discuss anything with his son, his
            word was law.

            a word in someone's ear

            4

            If you have a word in someone's ear, you
            speak to them quietly and privately about a
            delicate or difficult matter. This expression is
            used in British English.
            I'll go and see Quennell It wont be official,
            mind. Just a word in his ear over a drink.
            We won't get away with that kind of display
            against Spain next month, and although 1
            won 't name names. I've had words in the right
            ears and told certain people they've got to show
            a big improvement.

            words
            eat your words
            If someone has

            44

            given

            an opinion about

            something and is now proved to be wrong,
            you can say that they will have to eat their

            words
            England made Denmark eat their words with
            a brilliant victory in the European basketball
            championship. Danish coach Steen Knudsen
            had criticised England prior to their semi-final
            clash.


                evince -p 447 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            words
            The company's embattled chairman has had
            to eat his words about the company being
            recession-proof. 'When / suggested that I saw
            no return to the dark days qf recession. / was
            clearly wrong, ' he acknowledges.

            famous last words
            If you claim that something will definitely
            happen in a certain way and then say ‘famous
            last words', you are suggesting lightheartedly that it is quite possible that you

            will be proved wrong.
            'There won't be any more positive drug tests
            from the ones completed in Britain before the
            Olympics,' he assured us Then, he added
            'These might be famous last words. '
            ‘All under control, ' said Bertie. 'Famous last
            words, ' added Idris with a wide grin.
            You can also use famous last words to
            point out that you were in fact wrong about
            something.
            When I set out from Birmingham I thought,
            at least I'm going to get an early finish. Famous
            last words

            in words of one syllable
            If you say that you are going to tell someone
            something in words of one syllable, you
            mean that you are going to say it as simply
            and clearly as possible. You often use this expression
            to suggest that the other person is
            stupid or slow to understand something.
            Then he wanted to know if I would help out.
            if it became necessary, by accepting the nomi
            nation Jbr Vice President. I told him in words
            of one syllable that I would not.
            I'm sure l dont have to spell things out in
            words of one syllable to you.

            lost for words

            at a loss for words
            stuck for words

            W0tJj

            428

            444

            If you are lost for words or at a loss for
            words, you are so amazed, shocked, or moved
            by something that you do not know what to
            say or how to express your feelings in words.
            You can also say that you are stuck for
            words
            It has been a long time, a very long year
            since Anne was killed, and now at last we have
            justice. At a time like this, I have thought of so
            many things I wanted to say, but I'm lost for
            words.
            I had the feeling they were all waiting for me
            to say something. But for the first time in my
            life I felt at a loss for words.
            I was stuck for words when l heard the news.
            I couldn't believe it I got a phone call from
            our assistant manager saying I had been
            picked and I thought he was winding me up.
            not mince your words
            444
            If you do not mince your words or do not
            mince words when you are giving an opin
            ion, you state it clearly and directly, gy.
            though you know that some people will
            like what you are saying.
            She did not mince her words when she CQK.
            to the platform to demand a vote of no
            dence in the president.
            Ordinary people do not mince their words
            expressing their worries about the effects of
            price rises.
            I tell it like it is. I don't mince words.

            COB?

            put words into someone's mouth
            If you accuse someone of putting word,
            into your mouth or in your mouth, yog
            mean that they are reporting opinions nr
            statements which they claim are yours, bm
            which you have never actually held or mide.
            Vou're trying to get me to say things and l‘m
            rather annoyed with you! You're putting words
            into my mouth which have got nothing to do
            with me or my book!
            At medical school, students are shown videos
            qf bad doctors being arrogant, reaching for the
            prescription pad as soon as patients walk in.
            putting words in patients' mouths.

            take the words out of someone's mouth
            If you take the words out of

            someonet

            mouth, you say the thing that they were just
            about to say.
            'Well, it's been amazing,' she said in closing.
            'You took the words right out of my mouth,

            Lisa.'

            work
            4 44
            do someone's dirty work
            If you do someone's dirty work, you do
            something unpleasant or difficult on their behalf
            because they do not want to do it themselves.
            He's always got other people to do his dirty
            work for him.
            He had offered me one hundred thousand dollars
            to do this. I had refused. So he did his
            own dirty work.
            A lot of people feel that these people are death
            squads, doing the government's dirty work
            444
            have your work cut out
            If you say that someone has their work cut
            out for them, you mean that they have a very
            big problem to deal with, and they will not
            find it easy to do.
            The Prime Minister has his work cut out for
            him as most analysts see little chance qf resolving
            the constitutional crisis.
            A recent survey of SO leading companies
            found that only one was able to respond
            promptly to an enquiry in French. Clearly language
            trainers have their work cut out.
            4
            a nasty piece of work
            If you say that someone is a nasty piece of

            i


                evince -p 448 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            k

            you mean that they are very unpleasinstead of
            instead of
            «

            people use ‘bit'
            "tJr sometimes
            anY_p‘
            or use another adjective

            *pl6Cc

            world

            429

            tvorfcs
            •nasty'

            the husband, then. He's a real
            What about work.
            iece of

            was a nasty bit of work, a demagogue, an
            admirer of the Fascists.
            with eyes could have seen she was a
            Anyone

            dreadful piece of work.
            works
            in the works

            444

            the works, it is being
            planned or is in progress. This expression is
            USed mainly in American English. In the
            pipeline means the same.
            The Office of Development for the city says
            that a shopping center is in the works.
            He said there were dozens of economic plans
            in the works.
            He had a documentary film in the works.
            [f something is in

            the works
            4
            the whole works
            When you are describing something, you
            can mention a number of things and then say
            the works or the whole works to refer to
            many other things of the same kind or to refer
            to all the other things which would normally
            be included.
            Our agents are watching all exits from New
            York City airports, train stations, bus sta

            -

            lions, tunnels, bridges, the works.
            Amazing place he's got there - squash
            swimming pool, jacuzzi, the works.

            courts.

            There's a whole set qf these dolls dressed like
            a wedding party: the bride, the groom, and the
            whole works!

            world

            come down

            in the world

            If someone has come down in the world,
            they are not as rich as they used to be and
            have a lower social status. This is a fairly

            old-fashioned expression.
            Young women cf middle doss families which
            had come down in the world also found work
            in the upper ranges of domestic service.

            Jorg was behind the wheel, accompanied by
            Thomas, another Berliner who had come down
            in the world.

            come up in the world
            Bo up in the world
            move up in the world

            4

            If someone has come up in the world, they
            are richer or more powerful than they used to
            be and have a higher social status. You can
            also say that they have gone up in the
            world or they have moved up in the world.
            These are all fairly old-fashioned expressions.

            A well brought up young man: he was said to
            have been an ordinary worker who had come
            up in the world His hands were indeed rough
            as a workman 's.
            This was the rich man's end of town: Jerrold
            must be moving up in the world to live here.

            dead to the world
            If someone is dead to the world, they are
            sleeping very deeply

            Sarah was dead to the world and would
            probably sleep Jbr twelve hours.
            The kids were dead to the world, sprawled
            like rag dolls across their respective beds

            it's a small world
            small world
            You say ‘It's a small world' or ‘small
            world' to express your surprise when you unexpectedly
            meet someone you know in an unusual
            place. You can also use these expressions
            when you are talking to someone and
            are surprised to discover that you both know
            the same person.
            He later became a surveyor and road engi
            neer, and thirty years after leaving Sandwich I
            met him again in the Isle of Wight where he
            was Deputy County Surveyor. It is indeed a
            small world.
            I'm only just recovering from the surprise of
            running into you like this. Small world.
            I had no idea you knew the Proberts. Well,
            well, it's a small world.

            not long for this world
            If you say that someone is not long for this
            world, you mean that they are likely to die

            soon.
            Peter

            Hastings asked lan to become his assis
            tani earlier that year, perhaps knowing that he
            was not long for this world. When he died in
            June, Ian's destiny was cast.
            This had to be delicately handled I mean you
            couldn't exactly barge in on Simon and Sam
            and say, 'Look guys, neither one of you are
            long for this world, so we think it might be a
            good time for you to sell the company. '

            not set the world on fire
            If you say that someone won't set the
            world on fire, you are saying in a lighthearted
            or ironic way that they are not very
            exciting and are unlikely to be very successful
            However, except for some time trial stage
            wins in the Tour qf Vaucluse. the 29-year-old
            Frenchman hasn t exactly set the world on fire
            in this discipline.
            But while Munton is a good honest county
            medium fast bowler, hardly likely to set the
            world on fire, the selection qf Salisbury is one
            of the most challenging moves by English cricket
            for two decades.


                evince -p 449 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            world
            You can replace ‘the world' with the
            Thames or the name of another river.
            None qf these dishes would set the Thames on
            fire, but they were competently executed, and
            well set off our wines, which are really the
            whole point of the place.
            They both had respectably successful careers
            in North America, without exactly setting the
            Hudson River on fire.

            not the end of the world

            44-4

            You can say ‘It's not the end of the world'
            when something bad happens, in order to console
            yourself or another person by suggesting
            that the consequences of the event are not as
            bad as they might seem at first
            If I make a mistake, it's not the end of the
            world. I can always go back and correct it.
            I've enjoyed my time in international football,
            but it won't be the end of the world if I'm not
            selected again.
            'So if you don't find the man of your dreams
            it's not the end of the world?' 'No, because you

            just keep going. '

            on top of the world

            44

            If you feel on top of the world, you feel extremely
            happy.
            The combination

            of cold, crisp snow and
            warm sunshine makes you feel on top of the

            world.
            When she came back from that holiday she
            was so happy, on top of the world.
            out of this world
            444
            If you say something is out of this world,
            you are emphasizing that you think it is very
            good or impressive.
            The show was really good. The music was
            great and the costumes were out cf this world.
            Even the swankiest American hotels serve
            black bean soup with rice, the local staple, and
            the seafood is out of this world.
            An Italian villa in Brentwood, which John
            Douglas himself has built for $7.3 million, is
            out of this world.
            You can also use out-of-this-world before

            a noun.

            I can't think of a more skilful player in the
            First Division. He has out-qf this world ability.

            think the world of someone

            4

            If you think the world of someone, you
            like and admire them very much or are very
            fond of them.
            He is an involved and caring father, and
            Sam thinks the world of him.
            One leading opposition woman politician said
            she'd thought the world of Mrs Thatcher while
            agreeing with hardly any cf her policies.

            the world Is your oyster
            If someone says the world Is your

            wornj

            430

            4

            oyster',

            they mean that you have the opportunity jachieve great success in your life.
            When I was 29 I was a millionaire. You conic
            from nothing and suddenly the world is you,.

            oyster.

            You've got a wonderful watershed in your
            lift, Johnny. If you don't like what the new
            situation is, somebody else will want you
            You're young, you've got a lot cf opportunity
            The world is your oyster.

            worlds
            the best of both worlds

            444
            If you have the best of both worlds, you
            are in a situation where you have all the benefits and advantages of two different things,
            without any of the problems or disadvantages.
            Compare the worst of both worlds
            There are surprising ways to get the best of
            both worlds: to enjoy the discounts package
            holidays make possible, and savour the untouched
            beauty usually only found on exclusive

            luxury hideaways.
            These locations combine the best cf both
            worlds. They're in the town yet close to the
            beautiful countryside of Worcestershire and
            Warwickshire and. thanks to the region's
            motorway network, with easy access to Birmingham
            for commuting.

            the worst of both worlds
            44
            If you have the worst of both worlds, you
            have all the problems and disadvantages of
            two different things without any of the benefits
            and advantages. Compare the best of
            both worlds.
            And, of course, there are plenty of single
            women who, either through divorce or because
            they were never married in the first place, have
            the responsibilities of motherhood without the
            support cf the partner and seem to have the
            worst cf both worlds.
            Fans got the worst of both worlds: higher
            prices and more low-quality football.

            worm
            4
            the worm turns
            If someone who has tolerated a lot of bad
            treatment from other people without com
            plaining unexpectedly changes their behaviour
            and starts to behave in a more forceful
            way, you can say that the worm has turned.
            Then my mother came home and started bossing
            us around. She said, 'The worm has
            turned. Things are going to be different
            around here. '
            For a moment last autumn it looked as if the
            worm might have turned when hundreds of
            thousands of ordinary folk marched against
            the grotesque vandalisation of the coal industry.


                evince -p 450 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            worms

            a can of
            44
            of worms
            a bagy°u
            a situation as a can of
            describe
            If
            „ mean that it is much more comwornis. you
            or difficult than it seems
            you say that someone is opening a
            „n 0f worms, you mean that they are doing
            Something which would be better left alone.
            fgag' js occasionally used instead of 'can'.
            Now we have uncovered a can of worms in
            shameful abuse
            which therebuthasa not only been
            of power, kind. failure of moral authority of
            the worst
            Attention has been switched to teaching English
            to Britain's diverse communities. But here
            a whole new can of worms is opened.
            It really is a can of worms. Compensation is
            going to be a big practical problem.
            Mary Ann rejected the idea with a frown.
            That would jeopardize things even more than
            the current bag of worms. It was better to stick
            with the whole truth.
            at

            worse
            44
            the worse for wear
            If you say that someone is the worse for
            wear, you mean that they look tired or are in

            a bad state, especially because they have been
            working hard or drinking a lot of alcohol.
            In the Jburth round both fighters suffered
            cuts over the eyes, but the champion was beginning
            to look the worse for wear.
            He turned up at important functions two
            hours late and noticeably the worse for wear.

            wounds
            Uck your wounds

            44

            If you say that someone is licking their
            wounds, you mean that they are feeling sorry
            for themselves after being thoroughly defeated

            or humiliated.

            England's cricketers are licking their wounds
            after being soundly defeated in the second Test

            against

            Australia at Melbourne.
            The island has never supported a farming
            community, just a single ftirm doing the best it
            can. One by one the farmers have tried, failed
            and withdrawn to lick their financial wounds.

            open old wounds
            reopen old wounds

            wrench

            431

            vÿornis

            4

            If you say that something opens old
            wounds, you mean that it reminds people of
            an unpleasant or embarrassing experience in
            the past that they would rather forget about.
            You can also say that something reopens old
            wounds
            But that afternoon my world was overturned.
            Ted's diagnosis had opened old wounds and l
            no longer felt secure.

            Jean-Marie Le Pen, leader of the extremeright National Front, has suggested that it is
            'not a good idea to open old wounds. The past
            does not interest the French people, who are
            more concerned with unemployment, immigration
            problems, crime and AIDS. '
            Correspondent,
            Our
            Political
            Andrew
            Whitehead, says the row is reopening old
            wounds among Conservative MPs.

            wraps
            keep something under wraps
            444
            If something is kept under wraps, it is
            kept secret and not revealed to anyone. Other
            verbs can be used instead of ‘keep'.
            The official report has been kept under wraps
            for months by legal objections from BA.
            I know Quite a lot of gay doctors and most
            are in stable relationships but feel tljey cant
            take their boyfriends to medical dinners or
            whatever. Everything is kept under wraps.
            It was essential that the plans remained un
            der wraps.

            take the wraps off something
            the wraps come off
            If someone takes the wraps off something
            such as a proposal or a new product, they tell
            people about it for the first time. The verb
            ‘pull' is sometimes used instead of ‘take'.
            The Clinton administration has taken the
            wraps off its proposals to enhance American
            technology.
            Many of those who pulled the wraps off their
            plans before the Conservatives' election victory
            will be wishing they had pondered a little
            while longer.
            You can also say that the wraps come off
            A breath of spring arrives today as the wraps
            come off the first Renault convertible to be sold
            in the UK for more than 20 years

            wrench
            throw a wrench into the works
            throw a monkey wrench into the
            4
            works
            If someone or something throws a wrench
            into the works or throws a monkey
            wrench into the works, they cause problems
            which prevent something from happening in
            the way that it was planned. These expres
            sions are used in American English; the British
            expression is throw a spanner in the
            works.
            When Elton was robbed it threw a monkey
            wrench into the works.
            O Instead of saying ‘into the works', people
            often mention the process in which the problem
            is caused.
            The US delegation threw a giant monkey


                evince -p 451 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            wringer

            zero-s

            432

            wrench into the process this week by raising
            all sorts of petty objections.
            The federal government has thrown a wrench
            in the multi-billion dollar Japanese buyout of
            an American company.

            wringer
            go through the wringer
            be put through the wringer
            If you go through the wringer or are put
            through the wringer, you go through a very

            difficult period or situation which upsetss you
            greatly and makes you ill or unhappy.
            Her laugh is that of a woman who
            through the wringer attempting to please

            man in charge.
            1felt as though I'd been through a wrings
            My life seemed a wreck.
            With so much money around, there are bound
            to be plenty of unscrupulous people trying u,

            get a slice. Think bade to 1987 when
            Elton
            John was being put through a similar wringer

            by the tabloids.

            YZ
            yards
            the whole nine yards
            If someone goes the whole nine yards, they
            do something to the fullest extent possible.
            People sometimes use this expression ironically
            to suggest that someone is being too extreme
            in their behaviour or actions. This expression
            is used in American English.
            She's been the whole nine yards with the disease.
            has come through it, and has now taken
            up sailing.
            There was a big protest to Chile, human
            rights complaints, the whole nine yards.

            yesterday
            not born yesterday

            4

            You can use expressions such as T wasn't
            born yesterday' to indicate that you are not
            as naive or as easily deceived as people seem
            to think.
            He was rewarded with a disbelieving smirk.
            'Now you really do sound like my father. I
            wasn't born yesterday, you know. '
            'You mean you were only this far away and
            you couldn't smell the blood?' she challenged.
            ‘Does anyone on this Jury look like they were
            born yesterdayT

            yonder
            into the wide blue yonder
            into the wild blue yonder
            If someone goes into the wide blue yonder

            or into the wild blue yonder, they go on a
            journey to a faraway place which is unfamiliar
            or mysterious. This is a literary expression.
            Sailing into the wide blue yonder, Colin discovers
            his very own Treasure Island
            The boys, filled again with a sense of optimism
            and adventure, pack their bags and head
            for Heathrow and the wild blue yonder to
            Nashville, Tennessee.
            She made a graceless gesture in the gen&al
            direction of Daly City. "He is off in the wild
            blue yonder. '

            -

            zero-sum
            a zero-sum game

            4

            If you refer to a situation as a zero-sum
            game, you mean that if one person gains an
            advantage from it, someone else involved
            must suffer an equivalent disadvantage. Other
            nouns are sometimes used instead of 'game'.
            This expression is used mainly in journalism.
            The idea that foreign investment is a zerosum game
            that one country's gain is
            another's loss - is mistaken.
            In New York people pursue money, which is
            not a zero-sum game. No one has to lose money
            for you to make money.

            -

            benefits are a
            If costs far one benefit rise, it's

            According to Reed, employee

            zero-sum

            gain.

            Often at the expense of

            another, such as
            vacation and health insurance.

            paid


                evince -p 452 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            I

            How to use the index
            every lexical word in every idiom in the dictionary,
            This index includes
            together with every major variation. That is, it includes entries for every
            word except grammatical words such as 'the', prepositions, or the very

            verbs ‘be' and ‘have'. For example, if you are looking for spill the
            common
            in the index, you can look it up under either ‘spill' or ‘beans', but
            beans

            not under ‘the'. Note that because ‘beans' in the idiom is always plural,

            you will find this idiom in the index under ‘beans' rather than ‘bean'.
            Hyphenated words are listed separately in the index, and so you will find
            separate entries for ‘apple' and ‘apple-pie'.
            In the index, you will see that one of the words in each idiom is
            highlighted. This is the dictionary headword in the text where you will
            find the idiom. If the idiom is dealt with under a headword which is not
            one of the words in the idiom, there will be a cross reference to the right

            headword.

            right-hand

            B

            This is an index headword.

            nrrirftt-hnd
            These are the idioms in the

            bang to rights
            dead to rights

            dictionary which contain ‘rights'.

            llw the Hf* of Riley

            rtag

            These are the dictionary
            headwords where you will find
            these idioms.

            I bells

            B) brass lfe|
            haw a hollow

            [bell

            S

            hollow
            hook

            ring the ehanÿa
            rtagtnw

            throw your cap into the ring see hat
            warning Mb ring

            a (had

            for

            nm rings round

            a:
            a

            view

            „

            This is an index cross-reference.
            You will find the entry for the idiom
            under the dictionary headword
            ‘hat'.


                evince -p 453 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            INDEX
            22
            a Catch 22

            64.000
            the 64.000 dollar question
            abandon
            abandon a sinking ship
            abandon ship

            ABC
            easy as ABC
            accept
            accept something as gospel

            accidents
            a chapter of accidents

            ace
            the ace in your hand
            be within an ace of something
            come within an ace of something
            have an ace in the hole
            have an ace up your sleeve
            play your ace

            aces

            hold all the aces

            acid
            the acid test

            acorns

            great oaks from little acorns
            grow
            acquaintance
            a nodding acquaintance

            a

            passing acquaintance

            act

            act the goat
            a balancing act
            be in on the act
            catch someone in the act
            a class act
            clean up your act
            get in on the act
            get your act together
            a hard act to follow
            read the riot act
            action
            fight a rearguard action
            a piece of the action
            a slice of the action
            actions
            actions speak louder than words
            Adam
            not know someone from Adam
            add
            add fuel to the fire
            add fuel to the flames
            add insult to injury
            ado
            much ado about nothing
            afraid
            afraid of your own shadow
            agenda
            a hidden agenda

            ahead
            ahead of the game
            ahead of the pack
            full steam ahead
            streets ahead

            air
            air your dirty laundry In public
            be left hanging in the air
            a breath of fresh air
            castles in the air
            clear the air
            float on air
            free as the air
            from thin air
            hang in the air
            hot air
            in the air
            Into thin air
            juggle balls in the air
            keep balls in the air
            out of thin air
            pluck something from the air
            pull something out of the air
            up in the air
            walk on air

            airs
            airs and graces
            put on airs
            put on airs and graces
            aisles
            roll in the aisles
            alarm
            alarm bells ring

            not take no Tor an answer
            ante
            raise the ante
            up the ante

            apart

            come apart at the seams
            Call apart at the seams
            poles apart

            ape
            go ape
            go ape crazy
            apeshlt
            go apeshlt: see ape
            appetite
            whet someone's appetite
            apple
            American as apple pie
            the apple of your eye
            a bad apple
            a bad apple spoils the barrel
            a rotten apple
            applecart
            overturn the applecart
            upset the applecart

            apple-pie
            in apple-ple order
            apples
            apples and oranges

            nle
            cakes and ale
            alec
            a smart alec

            area
            a grey area

            aleck
            a smart aleck: see alec
            alive
            alive and kicking
            eat someone alive

            argue
            argue the toss
            ark
            go out with the ark
            out of the ark

            skin someone alive
            all
            that's all she wrote
            all-dancing
            all-singing, all-dancing
            alley
            a blind alley
            right up your alley

            allow
            allow someone free rein
            all-singing
            all-singing, all-dancing

            altar
            sacrificed on the altar of
            something

            American
            American as apple pie

            amount
            not amount to a hill of beans
            angel

            a fallen angel
            angels
            fools rush in where angels fear to
            tread
            on the side of the angels

            answer

            a dusty answer

            apron strings

            arm

            at arm's length
            chance your arm
            cost an arm and a leg
            give your right arm
            long as your arm
            put the arm on someone
            a shot in the arm
            twist someone's arm
            armed
            armed to the teeth

            armor

            a chink In someone's armor
            a knight in shining armor

            armour

            a chink in someone's armour

            a knight in shining armour

            arms

            a babe in arms
            up in arms
            with open arms

            arrow
            a straight arrow

            arrows
            slings and arrows

            arse
            get your arse in gear


                evince -p 454 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            bandwagon

            435

            art

            vour head up your arse
            h»ve ympone s arse
            ,*C*'kn°w VoUr arse from your

            ""e'lbow

            nstin ,n thc

            arse

            out Of your arse

            8lÿve something down to a fine
            art

            * rÿke over the ashes: see coals

            “askbigforaskthe moon
            a

            Mow smoke up someone's ass
            “ chew
            your ass

            ass
            cover your
            ass in gear
            get your

            ass
            kick ass
            kiss ass
            kiss someone's ass
            not know your ass from your
            have your head up your

            elbow

            a pain in the ass
            put your ass on the line
            save someone's ass
            your ass in a sling
            ate
            like the cat that ate tlie canary
            atmosphere

            you could cut the atmosphere
            with a knife
            attached
            with no strings attached
            with strings attached
            automatic

            on automatic pilot
            autopilot
            on autopilot: see pilot
            avoid
            avoid something like the plague
            awakening
            a rude awakening

            ax: see axe

            axe
            an axe hanging over something
            be given the axe

            get the axe

            have an axe to grind

            babe

            a babe in arms

            babes

            babes In the wood
            baby
            leave someone holding the baby
            like taking candy from a baby
            throw the baby out with the bath
            water

            back

            a back number
            back the wrong horse
            be glad to see the back of

            someone
            behind your back

            break the back of something

            break your back

            bring someone back to earth
            by the back door

            cover your back
            fed up to the back teeth
            get off someone's back
            get someone's back up
            get the monkey off your back
            get your own back
            go behind someone's back
            have a monkey on your back
            have eyes in the back of your
            head
            have your back to the wall
            know something like the back of
            your hand
            the last straw that breaks the
            camel's back
            like water off a duck's back
            make a rod for your own back
            off the back of a lorry
            on someone's back
            on the back burner
            on the back of an envelope
            on the back of a postage stamp
            a pat on the back
            pat someone on the back
            put someone's back up
            put your back into something
            sick to the back teetb
            a stab in the back
            stab someone in the back
            the straw that breaks the camel's
            back
            take a back seat
            through the back door
            turn your back on someone
            turn your back on something
            when your back is turned
            with one hand tied behind your
            back
            with your hands tied behind your
            back: see hand
            you scratch my back and IU
            scratch yours
            backs
            live off the backs of someone
            backside
            a boot up the backside see kick
            a kick up the backside
            backward
            bend over backward: see
            backwards

            backwards
            bend over backwards
            know something backwards
            know something backwards and
            forwards
            bacon
            bring home the bacon

            save someone's bacon
            bad
            a bad apple
            a bad apple spoils the barrel
            bad blood
            a bad press
            come to a bad end
            in bad odour
            In someone's bad books
            leave a bad taste in your
            mouth
            throw good money after bad
            turn up like a bad penny

            bag
            a bag of
            a bag of

            nerves

            worms

            be someone's bag
            cant fight your way out of a
            paper bag
            in the bag
            leave someone holding the bag
            let the cat out of the bag
            a mixed bag
            someone's bag of tricks
            bags
            pack your bags
            bait
            fish or cut bait
            rise to the bait
            take the bait
            baited
            with baited breath
            baker
            a baker's dozen

            balance
            in the balance
            throw off balance
            tip the balance
            balancing

            a balancing act
            ball
            a ball and chain
            the ball is in your court
            a crystal ball
            a different bail game
            drop the ball
            have a ball
            keep your eye on the ball
            a new ball game
            on the ball
            pick up the ball and run
            play ball
            set the ball rolling
            start the ball rolling
            take the ball and run with it
            take your eye off the ball
            throw someone a curve ball
            the whole ball of wax

            ballistic
            go ballistic

            balloon
            the balloon goes up
            go down like a lead balloon
            a trial balloon
            ballpark
            a ballpark estimate
            a ballpark figure
            In the ballpark
            in the same ballpark
            balls
            break someone's balls
            cold enough to freeze the balls off
            a brass monkey
            juggle balls in the air
            keep balls in the air
            banana
            slip on a banana peel
            slip on a banana skin
            band
            a one man band
            a one-woman band
            bandwagon
            jump on the bandwagon


                evince -p 455 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            bang
            bang
            bang goes something
            bang people's heads together
            bang the drum
            bang to rights
            bang your head against a brick
            wall
            bang your head against a wall
            a bigger bang for the buck
            more bang for the buck
            not with a bang but a whimper
            bangs
            more bangs for your bucks: see
            bang

            bank
            break the bank
            cry all the way to the bank
            laugh all the way to the bank
            baptism
            a baptism of fire
            bare
            the bare bones
            bare your soul
            with your bare hands
            barge
            wouldn't touch something with a
            barge pole

            bark
            bark up the wrong tree
            your bark is worse than your
            bite

            barn
            close the bam door after the
            horse has gone

            barred
            no holds barred
            barrel
            a bad apple spoils the barrel
            have someone over a barrel
            like shooting fish In a barrel
            lock, stock, and barrel
            on the barrel: see barrelhead
            scrape the barrel
            scrape the bottom of the barrel
            barrelhead
            on the barrelhead
            barrels
            give someone both barrels

            with both barrels
            base
            get to first base
            get to second base
            off base
            touch base
            bases
            cover all the bases
            touch all the bases

            basket
            a basket case
            put all your eggs in one basket
            bat
            bat on a sticky wicket
            blind as a bat
            go in to bat for someone
            go to bat for someone
            like a bat out of hell
            not bat an eye
            not bat an eyelash: see eyelid

            not

            bat

            be

            436

            an eyelid

            off your own bat

            play a straight bat
            right off the bat

            bated
            with bated breath
            bath
            an early bath
            take a bath
            throw the baby out with the bath
            water
            baton
            hand the baton
            pass the baton
            pick up the baton
            bats
            have bats in your belfry
            batten
            batten down the hatches
            batteries
            recharge your batteries
            battle
            the battle lines are drawn
            a battle of nerves
            a battle of wills
            a battle of wits
            fight a losing battle
            Join battle
            lose the battle, win the war
            a running battle
            win the battle, lose the war
            bay
            bay at the moon
            bay for blood
            hold something at bay
            keep something at bay

            beach
            not the only pebble on the beach
            bead
            draw a bead on
            take a bead on
            be-all
            not the be-all and end-all
            beam
            be way off beam
            bean
            a bean counter
            not have a bean
            beans
            count the beans: see bean
            hill of beans
            know how many beans make five
            not amount to a hill of beans
            not worth a row of beans
            spill the beans
            bear
            bear fruit
            bear something in mind
            bear the brunt of something
            a cross to bear
            grin and bear it
            like a bear with a sore head
            loaded for bear
            bearer
            the standard bearer
            beast
            the nature of the beast
            no good to man or beast
            no use to man or beast
            beat
            beat a dead horse
            beat a path to someone's door

            beat someone at their own
            beat someone hands down
            beat someone hollow
            beat someone to a pulp
            beat something hands down
            beat swords into ploughshart,
            beat the bushes
            beat the drum
            beat the living daylights out of

            "***

            someone

            beat the pants cfT someone
            beat your breast
            beat your chest
            march to the beat of a different
            drummer
            miss a beat
            not beat around the bush
            a stick to beat someone with

            beaten
            off the beaten path: see track
            off the beaten track
            beaver
            an eager beaver
            beck
            at someone's beck and call
            bed
            be in bed with someone

            get into bed with someone
            get out of bed on the wrong side
            get out of bed the wrong side
            not a bed of roses
            put something to bed
            you have made your bed and will
            have to lie on it
            bedbug
            crazy as a bedbug
            bee
            the bee's knees
            busy as a bee
            a busy bee
            have a bee in your bonnet

            beeline
            make a beeline for something
            beer
            not all beer and skittles
            small beer

            bees
            the birds and the bees

            beet
            red as a beet
            beetroot
            red as a beetroot
            beg
            beg the question

            beggars
            beggars cant be choosers
            begging
            go begging
            begin
            charity begins at home
            belfry
            have bats in your belfry

            bell
            clear as a bell
            ring a bell
            ring someone's bell
            saved by the bell
            sound as a bell

            bells
            alarm bells ring


                evince -p 456 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            437

            bell?
            one, It's got bells
            on !np
            in

            beVd
            have

            bells ring

            your belly

            a bellyful

            Jily-up

            go belly up
            the belt
            braces
            belt andyour
            belt
            tighten
            under your belt

            over backward: see
            backwards

            bend over backwards
            bend someone's ear
            bend the rules
            round the bend

            bended

            on bended knee: see knees

            benefit
            give someone the benefit of the
            doubt
            berry

            brown as a berry

            berth

            give someone a wide berth
            best
            the best of both worlds
            the best thing since sliced bread
            give something your best shot
            put your best foot forward
            your best bib and tucker
            be!
            bet the ranch
            bet your bottom dollar
            a good bet
            a safe bet

            bets
            all bets are off

            hedge your bets

            better

            better the devil you know
            better the devil you know than
            the devil you don't
            half a loaf is better than none
            have seen better days
            your better half

            Mb

            your best bib and tucker

            big

            a big ask
            big as life: see large
            a big cheese

            a big fish
            a big fish in a small pond
            a big frog in a small pond: see
            fish
            a big girl's blouse
            a big gun: see guns
            the big guns
            a big hand for someone
            big time
            tbe big time
            a big wheel
            carry a big stick

            get too big for your boots
            get too big for your britches
            give someone a big hand
            hit the big time
            make a big play of something
            wield a big stick

            bigger

            a bigger bang for the buck
            bigger than life: see larger
            have bigger fish to fry
            bike
            on your bike
            hill
            bill and coo

            a clean bill of health
            fill the bill
            fit the bill
            foot the bill
            sell someone a bill of goods
            bind
            a double bind
            bird
            the bird has flown
            a bird in the hand
            a bird In the hand is worth two
            In the bush
            a bird of passage
            an early bird
            the early bird catches the worm
            eat like a bird
            free as a bird
            get the bird
            give someone the bird
            a little bird told me
            a rare bird
            birds
            the birds and the bees
            birds of a feather
            birds of a feather flock together
            for the birds
            kill two birds with one stone
            bird's-eye
            a bird's-eye view

            biscuit
            take the biscuit
            bit
            the biter gets bit
            champ at the bit

            chomp at the bit
            get the bit between your teeth
            a hair of the dog that bit you

            bite
            bite off more than you can
            chew
            bite someone's head off
            bite the bullet
            bite the dust
            bite the hand that feeds you
            bite your tongue
            a second bite at the cherry
            take a bite out of something
            your bark is worse than your
            bite

            biter
            the biter gets bit
            bites
            two bites of the cherry: see bite
            bitten
            bitten by the bug
            once bitten

            U1UUU

            once bitten, twice shy
            bitter
            a bitter pill to swallow
            swallow a bitter pill
            to the bitter end
            black
            black and blue
            black and white
            a black box
            a black look
            a black mark
            the black sheep
            the black sheep of the family
            give someone a black eye
            In black and white
            in the black
            not as black as you are painted
            the pot calling the kettle black

            blank
            a blank cheque
            draw a blank
            blanket
            a security blanket
            a wet blanket
            blaze
            blaze a trail
            blazing
            with all guns blazing

            bleed
            bleed red Ink

            bleed someone dry
            bleed someone white
            your heart bleeds for someone
            bleeding
            a bleeding heart
            blessing
            a blessing In disguise

            blind
            a blind alley
            blind as a bat
            the blind leading the blind
            blind someone with science
            a blind spot
            Oy blind
            swear blind
            turn a blind eye to something
            blink
            on the blink
            block
            a chip off the old block
            on the block
            put your head on the block
            put your neck on the block
            a stumbling block

            blocks

            off the blocks
            off the starting blocks
            out of the blocks

            blood

            after your blood
            bad blood
            bay for blood
            blood and thunder
            blood is shed
            blood is spilled
            blood is thicker than water
            blood, sweat and tears
            flesh and blood
            fresh blood
            have blood on your hands


                evince -p 457 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            bloodied
            in cold blood
            in your blood
            like getting blood out of a stone
            like getting blood out of a turnip

            make your blood boil
            make your blood freeze
            make your blood run cold
            new blood
            out for blood
            a rush of blood
            a rush of blood to the head
            scent blood
            someone's blood boils
            sweat blood
            taste blood
            young blood
            bloodied
            bloodied but unbowed
            bloody
            bloody someone's nose
            get a bloody nose
            give someone a bloody nose
            have bloody hands see blood
            scream bloody murder
            blot
            a blot on the landscape
            a blot on your escutcheon
            blot your copybook
            blouse
            a big girl's blouse

            blow
            blow a fuse
            blow a hole in something
            blow away the cobwebs
            blow hot and cold
            blow in the wind
            blow off steam
            blow smoke
            blow smoke in someone's eyes
            blow smoke in someone's face
            blow smoke up someone's ass
            blow someone to kingdom come
            blow something out of the water
            blow something sky high
            blow something wide open
            blow the gaff
            blow the lid off
            blow the whistle on someone
            blow up in your face
            blow your mind
            blow your own horn
            blow your own trumpet
            blow your stack
            blow your top
            a body blow
            cushion the blow
            a death blow
            soften the blow
            strike a blow against something
            strike a blow for something
            blowing
            how the wind is blowing
            which way the wind is blowing
            blows
            come to blows
            it's an ill wind that blows nobody
            any good
            blue
            between the devil and the deep
            blue sea

            bootstrapÿ

            438
            black and blue
            a bolt from the blue
            Into the wide blue yonder
            Into the wild blue yonder
            light the blue touch paper
            once in a blue moon
            out of a clear blue sky
            out of the blue
            scream blue murder
            talk a blue streak
            until you are blue in the bee

            bomb
            go like a bomb
            put a bomb under something
            bombshell
            drop a bombshell
            bone
            a bone of contention
            close to the bone
            cut to the bone
            dry as a bone
            have a bone to pick with

            someone

            blue-arsed
            like a blue-arsed fly

            near to the bone

            blue-eyed
            your blueeyed boy

            skin and bone
            work your fingers to the bone

            bluff
            call someone's bluff
            blushes
            save someone's blushes
            spare someone's blushes

            board
            above board
            across the board
            back to the drawing board
            go by the board
            stiff as a board
            sweep the board
            take something on board
            boards
            go by the boards: see board
            boat
            float someone's boat
            in the same boat
            miss the boat
            push the boat out
            rock the boat
            boats
            burn your boats
            Bob
            Bob's your uncle
            body
            body and soul
            a body blow
            hold body and soul together
            keep body and soul together
            over my dead body
            boggle
            the mind boggles

            boll
            bring something

            come to the boil

            to a boll

            make your blood boll
            off the boll
            on the boll
            someone's blood boils
            a watched pot never bolls
            boiling
            boiling point
            keep the pot boiling
            bold
            bold as brass

            bolt
            a bolt from the blue
            a bolt out of the blue
            shoot your bolt
            bolted
            close the stable door after the
            horse has bolted
            bolts
            the nuts and bolts of something

            bones
            the bare bones
            feel something In your bones
            have a feeling in your bones
            make no bones about something
            put flesh on the bones of
            something
            skin and bones
            bonnet
            have a bee In your bonnet
            boo
            wouldn't say boo to a goose

            book
            bring someone to book
            by the book
            a closed book
            close the book on something
            every trick in the book
            go by the book
            In your book
            the oldest trick In the book
            an open book
            play things by the book
            read someone like a book
            take a leaf out of someone's
            book
            throw the book at someone
            you can't judge a book by its

            cover
            books
            cook the books
            in someone's bad books
            in someone's good books
            a turn-up for the books
            boot
            the boot is on the other foot
            a boot up the backside: see kick
            get the boot
            give someone the boot

            put the boot in
            put the boot into someone

            boots
            die with your boots on
            fill someone's boots
            fill your boots
            get too big for your boots
            hang up your boots
            In someone's boots: see shoes
            lick someone's boots
            quake In your boots
            step Into someone's boots
            tough as old boots
            bootstraps
            pull yourself up by your
            bootstraps

            1


                evince -p 458 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            L

            bore
            to y°ur

            bring

            439
            bootstraps

            b°re

            pants off someone
            bore thc
            born with a sliver spoon in your

            mouth

            yesterday

            nol bom
            time
            be on borrowed
            time
            jjVe on borrowed

            hnrrowed

            bothered
            pot and bothered
            bottle

            tbe genie is out of the bottle
            hit the bottle
            let the genie out of the bottle
            put the genie back in the bottle

            bottom
            at rock bottom
            at the bottom of your heart
            be at the bottom of something
            bet your bottom dollar
            the bottom drops out of
            something

            the bottom fails out of something
            the bottom line
            the bottom of the heap
            the bottom of the pile
            bump along the bottom
            from the bottom of your heart
            from top to bottom
            get to the bottom of something
            hit rock bottom
            lie at the bottom of something
            reach rock bottom
            scrape the bottom of the barrel

            bound
            bound hand and foot

            bounds
            by leaps and bounds
            in leaps and bounds

            out of bounds
            bow
            another string to your bow
            bow and scrape
            many strings to your bow: see
            string
            take a bow

            bowl
            life is a bowl of cherries

            bows

            a shot across someone's bows
            a warning shot across someone's
            bows

            box

            a black box
            box clever
            box someone into a corner
            out of the box
            out of your box
            a Pandora's box
            boy
            a whipping boy
            your blue-eyed boy
            your fair-haired boy

            boys

            boys will be boys
            Jobs for the boys

            one of the boys
            separate the men from the boys

            sort out the men from the boys
            braces
            belt and braces
            brain
            a brain like a sieve
            get your brain into gear
            have your brain in gear
            pick someone's brain: see brains
            rack your brain: see brains
            brains
            pick someone's brains
            rack your brains
            branch
            an dive branch
            root and branch
            brass
            bold as brass
            a brass farthing
            the brass ring
            cold enough to freeze the balls off

            a brass monkey
            get down to brass tacks
            brave
            put a brave face on something
            put a brave front on something:
            see face
            bread
            the best thing since sliced bread
            bread and butter
            bread and circuses
            cast your bread upon the waters
            the greatest thing since sliced
            bread
            know which side your bread is
            buttered
            breadline
            on the breadline

            breadth
            a hair's breadth
            break
            all bell breaks loose
            all hell breaks out
            break a butterfly on a wheel
            break a leg
            break a new path
            break ground
            break new ground
            break rank: see ranks
            break ranks
            break someone's balls
            break the back of something
            break the bank
            break the Ice
            break the mould
            break your back
            break your heart
            get an even break
            give a sucker an even break
            give me a break
            give someone an even break
            the last straw that breaks the
            camel's back
            the straw that breaks the camel's
            back

            breakfast
            a dog's breakfast
            breaking
            path-breaking
            you cant make an omelette
            without breaking eggs

            breast
            beat your breast
            make a clean breast of something

            breath
            a breath of fresh air
            hold your breath
            in the same breath
            take your breath away
            waste your breath
            with bated breath

            breathe
            breathe down someone's neck
            breathe fire
            live and breathe something
            breed
            familiarity breeds contempt
            familiarity breeds content
            breeze
            shoot the breeze
            brewery

            couldn't organize a piss-up in a
            brewery

            brick
            bang your head against a brick

            wall
            built like a brick shithouse
            come up against a brick wall
            drop a brick
            drop something like a hot brick:
            see potato
            shit a brick

            bricks
            a cat on hot bricks
            come down on someone like a ton
            of bricks
            like a ton of bricks
            make brlcka without straw
            bridge

            cross that

            bridge when you

            come

            to it
            water under the bridge
            bridges
            build bridges
            burn your bridges

            brief
            hold no brief for something
            blight
            bright as a button
            a bright spark
            look on the bright side
            bright-eyed
            bright-eyed and bushy-tailed
            bring
            bring a lump to your throat
            bring home the bacon
            bring someone back to earth
            bring someone down a peg or two
            bring someone face to face with
            something
            bring someone In from the cold
            bring someone to book
            bring someone to heel
            bring someone to their knees
            bring someone up to speed
            bring something home to

            someone

            bring something out of the closet
            bring something to a boll
            bring something to a head
            bring something to its knees


                evince -p 459 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            britches
            bring something to the party
            bring something up to speed
            bring the curtain down on
            something
            bring the house down

            britches
            get too big for your britches
            broad
            broad brush strokes
            a broad church
            broad strokes
            in broad daylight
            broke
            go for broke
            if it ain't broke, don't fix it
            they broke the mould when they
            made someone

            broken
            a broken heart
            a broken reed
            broom
            a new broom
            a new broom sweeps clean
            broth
            too many cooks spoil the broth
            brother
            not your brother's keeper
            brow
            by the sweat of your brow
            brown
            brown as a berry
            brownie
            brownie points

            brunt
            bear the brunt of something
            brush
            broad brush strokes
            daft as a brush
            tar someone with the same brush
            bubble
            the bubble has burst
            on the bubble
            prick the bubble
            buck
            the buck stops here
            the buck stops with someone
            more bang for the buck
            pass the buck

            bucket
            a drop in the bucket
            kick the bucket

            bucks
            more bangs for your bucks: see
            bang

            bud
            nip something in the bud

            buffers
            hit the buffers
            bug
            bitten by the bug
            snug as a bug in a rug
            build
            build bridges
            build something on sand
            built
            built like a brick shithouse
            built like a tank
            Rome was not built in a day
            bull
            a bull in a china shop

            call

            440

            a cock and bull story
            a cock and bull tale
            a red flag before a bull
            a red rag to a bull
            strong as a bull
            take the bull by the horns
            bullet
            bite the bullet
            get the bullet
            give someone the bullet
            bum
            a bum steer
            get the bum's rush
            give someone the bum's rush
            bump
            bump along the bottom
            come down to earth with a
            bump
            bumpy
            a bumpy tide

            bums
            bums on seats
            bundle
            a bundle of nerves
            drop your bundle
            burn
            burn a bole in your pocket
            burn the candle at both ends
            burn the midnight oil

            burn your boats
            bum your bridges
            bum your fingers
            crash and bum
            fiddle while Rome bums
            have money to bum
            burned
            burned to a crisp
            get your fingers burned

            burner

            on the back burner
            on the front burner
            burning
            someone's ears are burning

            burst
            the bubble has burst
            burst at the seams
            bury
            bury the hatchet
            bury your head in the sand
            bus
            miss the bus

            bush
            a bird In the hand is worth two
            In the bush
            the bush telegraph
            not beat about the bush
            not beat around the bush
            bushel
            hide your light under a bushel

            bushes
            beat the bushes
            bushy-tailed
            bright-eyed and bushy-tailed

            business

            business as usual
            do a land-office business
            In business
            like nobody's business

            mean business

            monkey business

            busman
            a busman's holiday
            bust
            bust a gut
            busy
            busy as a bee
            a busy bee

            butt
            kick butt
            a kick In the butt
            save someone's butt

            butter
            bread and butter
            butter wouldn't melt in your
            mouth
            like a hot knife through butter
            like a knife through butter
            buttered
            know which side your bread is
            buttered
            butterflies
            butterflies in your stomach
            get butterflies
            have butterflies
            butterfly
            break a butterfly on a wheel

            button
            at the touch of a button
            blight as a button
            button it: see Up
            button your Up
            have your finger on the button
            a hot button
            on the button
            press the right button
            push the right button
            right on the button
            buy
            buy the farm

            caboodle
            the whole caboodle
            the whole kit and caboodle

            cackle
            cut the cackle
            cage
            rattle someone's cage
            Cain
            raise Cain
            cake
            the frosting on the cake: see icing
            have your cake and eat it
            the Icing on the cake
            a piece of cake
            take the cake

            cakes
            cakes and ale
            go like hot cakes
            sell like hot cakes
            calf
            kill the fatted calf

            call
            at someone's beck and call
            call a spade a spade
            call In your chips
            call it a day
            call it a night: see day
            call it quits
            call off the dogs
            call someone names
            call someone on the carpet


                evince -p 460 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            11

            son*0"6'8tob,uff
            heel

            someone
            shots

            $ the

            %rsr
            iÿe

            who pays the piper calls the

            tune
            call
            too close tocall
            a wake-up
            calling
            a calling card
            pot calling the kettle black

            Cÿl!ecalm before the storm
            camel

            the last straw that breaks the

            camel's back
            strain at a gnat and swallow a
            camel
            the straw that breaks the camel's
            bark
            camp
            camp
            follower
            a
            a foot in each camp

            pitch camp
            camps
            a foot in both camps

            can

            a can of worms
            carry the can
            in the can
            canary
            like the cat that ate the canary
            candle
            bum the candle at both ends
            can't hold a candle to someone
            the game is not worth the candle
            not worth the candle
            candy
            like a kid in a candy store
            like taking candy from a baby

            cannon

            cannon fodder

            a loose cannon

            canoe

            Paddle your own canoe
            cap
            cap m hand
            a feather in your cap
            get your thinking cap on
            if the cap fits
            Put your thinking cap on
            set your cap at someone
            throw your cap into the ring: see
            hat
            capital

            Art with a capital A
            Life with a capital L
            carbon
            8 carbon copy
            card
            a calling card
            have a card up your sleeve
            a hole card
            a trump card
            a wild card
            cards
            a house of cards
            in the cards
            keep your cards close to the vest

            ceiling

            441

            celling

            keep your cards close to your
            chest
            lay your cards on the table
            on the cards
            play your cards close to the vest
            play your cards close to your
            chest
            play your cards right
            put your cards on the table
            several cards short of a full deck

            stack the cards
            carpet
            call someone on the carpet
            on the carpet
            roll out the red carpet
            sweep something under the
            carpet

            carrot
            carrot and stick
            dangle a carrot in front of

            someone
            offer someone a carrot
            carry
            carry a big stick
            carry all before you
            carry a torch for someone
            carry the can
            carry the day
            carry the torch
            carry the weight of the world on
            your shoulders
            carry weight

            cart
            put the cart before the horse

            cartload
            a cartload or monkeys

            carve

            carve a niche

            case

            a basket case
            be on someone's case
            get off someone's case
            get on someone's case
            on the case
            cash
            a cash cow
            cash In your chips

            cast

            cast an eye on something
            cast a wide net
            cast Iron
            cast pearls before swine
            cast the net wider
            cast your bread upon the waters
            cast your eye on something

            cast your eye over something
            cast your eyes on something see
            eye

            cast your lot with someone
            the die is cast
            cast-iron
            cast-iron
            castle

            an Englishman's home is his
            castle

            castles
            castles in Spain
            castles in the air

            cat

            cat and mouse

            a cat on a hot tin roof
            a cat on hot bricks
            the cat's whiskers
            curiosity killed the cat
            a fat cat
            fight like cat and dog
            a game of cat and mouse
            grin like a Cheshire cat
            let the cat out of the bag
            like a scalded cat
            like the cat that ate the canary
            like the cat that got the cream
            look like something the cat
            dragged in
            look what the cat's dragged in
            no room to swing a cat
            not a cat in hell's chance
            put the cat among the pigeons
            see which way the cat lumps
            set the cat among the pigeons
            there's more than one way to
            skin a cat
            when the cat's away, the mice
            will play
            catbird
            in the catbird seat
            catch
            a Catch 22
            catch fire
            catch someone cold
            catch someone flat-footed
            catch someone In the act
            catch someone napping
            catch someone off guard
            catch someone on the hop
            catch someone red-handed
            catch someone's eye
            catch someone with their pants
            down
            catch someone with their trousa-s
            down: see pants
            catch the eye
            catch the wave
            catch wind of something
            the early bird catches the worm
            a sprat to catch a mackerel
            when one person sneezes, another
            catches cold

            cats
            fight like Kilkenny cats
            it's raining cats and dogs

            cattle

            a cattle market
            caught
            caught between two stools
            caught In the crossfire
            caught on the wrong foot
            caught with your hand in the
            cookie )ar
            like a deer caught in the
            headlights
            like a rabbit caught in the
            headlights

            wouldn't be caught dead

            caution

            throw caution to the wind
            celling
            the glass ceiling
            go through the ceiling: see roof
            hit the ceiling see roof


                evince -p 461 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            cent
            cent
            not a red cent

            not have a cent to your name
            not one red cent
            center: see centre
            centre
            centre stage
            left, right, and centre

            cents
            your two cents' worth

            chaff
            separate the grain from the chaff
            separate the wheat from the chaff
            sort the wheat from the chaff

            chain
            a ball and chain
            pull someone's chain
            a weak link in the chain
            yank someone's chain
            chair
            on the edge of your chair
            chalice
            a poisoned chalice
            chalk
            by

            a

            long chalk

            chalk and cheese
            champ
            champ at the bit

            chance
            a chance in a million
            chance your arm
            drinking in the last chance
            saloon

            an eye for the main chance
            the last chance saloon
            the main chance
            not a cat in hell's chance
            not a snowball's chance in hell
            not have a chance in hell
            a one in a million chance
            on the off-chance
            change
            change hands
            change horses in midstream

            a change of hean
            a change of tune
            change your tune
            chop and change
            get no change out of someone
            a leopard does not change its
            spots
            a sea change

            changes
            ring the changes
            chapter
            chapter and verse
            a chapter of accidents
            charity
            charity begins at home

            charm
            charm the pants off someone
            Chary bdis
            between Scylla and Charybdis

            chase
            chase rainbows
            chase your own tail
            cut to the chase
            lead you a merry chase: see
            dance
            a wild goose chase

            claw8

            442

            check

            a blank check: see cheque
            take a rain check

            cheek
            cheek by Jowl
            tongue In cheek
            turn the other cheek
            with tongue in cheek
            cheer
            cheer someone to the echo
            cheese
            a big cheese
            chalk and cheese
            more holes than Swiss cheese
            cheque
            a blank cheque

            cherries
            life is a bowl of cherries
            cherry
            a second bite at the cherry
            two bites of the cherry: see bite

            Cheshire
            grin like a Cheshire cat
            chest
            beat your chest
            get something off your chest
            keep your cards close to your
            chest
            play your cards close to your
            chest
            put hair on the chest: see hairs
            put hairs on your chest

            chestnut

            a

            hoary old chestnut

            an old chestnut

            chestnuts
            pull someone's chestnuts out of
            the fire
            chew
            bite off more than you can chew
            chew the fat
            chew your ass

            chicken
            chicken and egg
            chicken feed
            like a chicken with its head cut
            off
            like a headless chicken
            no spring chicken
            chickens
            the chickens come home to roost
            don't count your chickens before
            they're hatched
            not count your chickens

            chiefs
            too many chiefs
            too many chiefs and not enough
            Indians

            child
            child's play
            like a child in a sweet shop: see
            candy

            chilled
            chilled to the marrow
            chin
            keep your chin up
            lead with your chin
            take it on the chin
            china
            a bull in a china shop

            not for all the tea in China

            chink

            a chink in someone's armour
            chip
            a chip off the old block
            a chip on your shoulder
            chips
            call in your chips
            cash in your chips
            the chips are down
            have had your chips
            when the chips are down
            choice
            Hobson's choice
            chomp
            chomp at the bit

            choosers
            beggars can't be choosers
            chop
            chop and change
            for the chop
            get the chop
            chops
            lick your chops: see lips

            chord
            strike a chord
            touch a chord
            Christmas
            like turkeys voting for Christ

            mas
            church
            a broad church
            poor as a church mouse
            cigar
            close but no cigar
            nice try but no cigar

            circle
            circle the wagons
            come full circle
            pull your wagons in a circle
            square the circle
            turn full circle
            a vicious circle
            the wheel has come full circle
            circles
            go around in circles
            go round in circles
            run around in circles
            run round in circles
            circus
            a three-ring circus
            circuses
            bread and circuses
            clam
            happy as a clam
            shut up like a clam
            clanger
            drop a clanger
            Clapham

            the man cm the Clapham
            omnibus
            clappers
            like the clappers
            class
            a class act
            claw
            fight tooth and claw
            red in tooth and claw
            claws
            get your claws into someone


                evince -p 462 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            ciaf

            feel

            £ve'feet of

            clay

            C'rlean asbilla whistle
            of health
            ciesn sheet paper
            of
            a ciean sheet
            ciean slate
            act
            ciean up your
            coiw clean
            Keep your nose clean
            breast of something
            maKe a clean sweep
            a ciean
            a new broom sweeps clean
            show a clean pair of heels
            squeaky clean
            wipe the slate clean

            cleaners

            take someone to the cleaners

            clear

            clear as a bell
            clear as crystal
            clear as day
            clear as mud
            clear sailing
            dear the air
            dear the deck: see decks
            dear the decks
            the coast is clear
            the dust clears
            in the clear
            loud and clear
            out of a dear blue aky
            steer clear
            steer someone clear of something
            cleft
            in a cleft stick
            clever
            box clever

            climb

            climb the walls
            a mountain to climb
            clip
            clip someone's wings

            cloak-and dagger
            cloak and -dagger
            clock

            around the clock
            round the clock
            turn the clock back

            clockwork

            •ike clockwork
            regular

            clogs

            come

            443

            clay

            as clockwork

            Pop your clogs

            close
            as one door closes, another one
            opens
            close but no cigar
            a close call
            dose on the heels cf something
            close on your heels
            close ranks
            a close shave
            dose the bam door after the
            horse has gone
            close the book on something
            close the stable door after the
            horse has bolted

            close to home
            close to the bone
            close to your heart
            close up shop
            cut it close: see fine
            keep your cards close to the vest
            keep your cards close to your
            chest
            play your cards close to the vest
            play your cards close to your
            chest

            sail close to the wind
            too close to call

            closed
            behind closed doors
            a closed book
            with your eyes closed

            closet
            bring something out of the closet
            come out of the closet
            a skeleton in the closet

            cloth
            cloth ears
            cut from the same cloth
            cut your cloth
            cut your coat according to your
            cloth
            whole cloth
            clothes
            steal someone's clothes
            clothing

            a sheep in wolfs clothing
            a wolf In sheep's clothing
            cloud
            every cloud has a sliver lining

            on cloud nine
            under a cloud
            clouds
            have your head In the clouds

            clover
            in clover
            club
            join the club
            clutch
            clutch at straws
            a drowning man will clutch at a
            straw: see straws
            coach
            drive a coach and horses through
            something

            coalface
            at the coalface
            coals
            coals to Newcastle
            haul someone over the coals
            rake over the coals
            rake someone over the coals

            coast
            the coast is clear
            coat
            cut your coat according to your
            cloth
            sugar-coat the pill
            trail your coat
            coat-tails
            on the coat-tails of someone

            cobbler
            let the cobbler stick to his last
            cobwebs
            blow away the cobwebs

            cock
            a cock and bull story
            a cock and bull tale
            cock a snook at someone
            go off at half cock

            cocked
            knock something into a cocked
            hat

            cockles

            warm the cockles cf your heart
            coffee
            wake up and smell the coffee
            coffin
            another nail in the coffin
            the final nail in the coffin
            the last nail in the coffin
            coin
            opposite sides of the same coin
            the other side of the coin
            pay someone back in their own
            coin
            to coin a phrase
            two sides of the same coin

            cold
            blow hot and cold
            someone in from the cold
            catch someone cold
            cold as Ice
            cold comfort
            cold enough to freeze the balls off
            a brass monkey
            a cold fish
            come in from the cold
            get cold feet
            get the cold shoulder
            give someone the cold shoulder
            have cold feet
            hot and cold
            in a cold sweat
            In cold blood
            in cold storage
            in the cold light of day
            Into cold storage
            leave someone cold
            make your blood run cold
            out In the cold
            pour cold water on something
            throw cold water on something
            when one person sneezes, another
            catches cold
            bring

            collar
            hot under the collar
            collect
            collect your wits
            colon see colour
            colors: see colours
            colour
            the colour of someone's money
            colours
            nail your colours to the mast
            sail under false colours
            see someone in their true colours
            show your true colours
            with flying colours
            comb
            with a fine-tooth comb
            with a fine-toothed comb

            come

            blow someone to kingdom come
            the chickens come home to roost


                evince -p 463 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            Comfort
            come a cropper

            come along for the ride
            come apart at the seams
            come back from the dead
            come clean
            come down in the world

            come down off your high horse
            come down on someone like a ton
            of bricks
            come down the pike
            come down to earth
            come down to earth with a bump
            come face to face with someone
            come face to face with something
            come full circle
            come hell or high water
            come home to roost
            come in from the cold
            come knocking at your door
            come off the fence
            come out fighting
            come out in the wash
            come out of the closet
            come out of the woodwork
            come out of your shell
            come out swinging
            come rain or shine
            come the raw prawn
            come to a bad end
            come to a head
            come to a sticky end
            come to blows
            come to grips with something
            come to the boll
            come under fire

            come unglued
            come unstuck
            come up against a brick wall
            come up in the world
            come up smelling of roses

            come up trumps
            come within an ace cf something
            come within an Inch of doing
            something

            cross that bridge when you come
            to it
            the crunch comes
            the curtain comes down
            easy come, easy go
            if push comes to shove
            Johnny-come lately

            not come up to scratch
            until the cows come home
            what goes around comes around:
            see go
            the wheel has come full circle
            when it comes to the crunch
            when push comes to shove
            when your ship conies in
            the wraps come off
            comfort
            cold comfort

            comforts
            creature comforts
            coming
            everything IS coming up roses
            have something coming out of

            your ears
            have steam coming out of your
            ears

            covei.

            444

            not know whether you are
            coming or going
            up and coming

            corner

            commas
            in inverted commas

            common

            common as muck

            the common touch
            find common ground
            on common ground
            common-or-garden
            common-or-garden

            concrete
            set in concrete
            conjure
            a name to conjure with

            conquer
            divide and conquer
            contemplate
            contemplate your navel
            contemplation
            navel -contemplation
            contempt
            familiarity breeds contempt

            content
            familiarity breeds

            content

            contention
            a bone of contention
            converted
            preach to the converted

            coo

            bill and

            coo

            cook
            cook the books
            cook your goose

            cookie
            caught with your hand in the
            cookie Jar
            a smart cookie
            that's the way the cookie

            crumbles
            a tough cookie
            cooks
            too many cooks
            too many cooks in the kitchen
            too many cooks spoil the broth

            cool

            cool as a cucumber
            a cool head
            cool your heels
            keep your cool
            lose your cool

            coop
            fly the coop
            cop
            cop It sweet
            not much cop

            copy

            a carbon copy
            copybook
            blot your copybook
            cord
            cut the cord
            cut the umbilical cord
            strike a cord: see chord
            touch a cord: see chord

            core

            to the core

            com

            earn your com

            eat your seed com
            seed com
            box someone into a
            fight your corner

            corner

            hole-and-corner
            hole-in the-comer
            in a corner
            in a tight corner
            in your corner
            just around the corner
            out of a corner
            paint someone into a corner
            turn the corner

            comers
            cut comers

            the four comers of the earth
            the four comers of the world

            cost
            cost an arm and a leg
            count the cost
            couch
            a couch potato

            count
            count something on the fingers of

            one hand

            count something on your fingers
            count the beans see bean
            count the cost
            don't count your chickens before
            they're hatched
            down for the count
            not count your chickens
            out for the count
            counted
            stand up and be counted

            counter
            a bean counter
            under the counter
            country
            go to the country
            not your Une of country
            courage
            Dutch courage

            course
            on course for
            par for the course
            run Its course
            course

            stay the

            take its course

            courses

            horses for courses

            court
            the ball is in your court

            a hill-court press
            hold court
            laughed out of court
            put out of court
            ruled out of court
            Coventry
            send someone to Coventry

            cover

            cover all the bases

            cover the waterfront
            cover your ass
            cover your back
            cover your rear

            cover your tracks
            you can't judge a book
            cover

            by its

            A


                evince -p 464 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            cow
            c°*cash
            a
            save » cow

            , sacred cow

            C°*U] the cows come home
            C

            aTthe crack of dawn

            crack the whip
            of the whip

            a fair crack
            something
            have a crack at
            a sledgehammer to crack a

            nut

            take a crack at something
            a tough nut to crack

            cracked it's cracked up to be
            not all

            cracking

            get cracking

            cracks

            fall through the cracks
            paper over the cracks
            slip through the cracks

            cradle

            from the cradle to the grave

            rob the cradle

            cradle-snatching

            cradle-snatching
            cramp
            cramp someone's style
            crannies
            the nooks and crannies
            cranny
            every nook and cranny: see
            nooks
            crash
            crash and burn

            crawl
            make your flesh crawl
            make your skin crawl

            crazy
            crazy as a bedbug
            go ape crazy

            cream

            the cream of the crop
            like the cat that got the cream
            creature

            creature comforts
            creek
            up shit creek
            up the creek
            up the creek without a paddle

            creep

            make your flesh creep

            crest
            on the crest of a wave
            ride the crest of the wave

            cricket

            it's Just not cricket
            crisp
            burned to a crisp

            critical

            go critical

            crock

            a crock of shit
            a crock of gold

            crocodile
            shed crocodile tears

            Croesus

            rich as Croesus

            cut

            445

            C0'V

            crook
            by hook or by crook

            crop

            the cream of the crop

            cropper
            come a cropper

            cross
            at cross purposes
            cross my heart

            cross someone's path

            cross swords
            cross that bridge when you come
            to it
            cross the line
            cross the Rubicon
            a cross to bear

            cross your fingers
            cross your mind
            dot the i‘s and cross the t's
            crossed
            fingers crossed
            get your lines crossed
            get your wires crossed
            keep your Angers crossed

            crossfire
            caught in the crossfire

            crow

            as the crow flies

            eat crow
            crown
            the Jewel In someone's crown

            crumble
            that's the way the cookie
            crumbles
            crunch

            the crunch comes
            crunch time
            when it comes to the crunch

            crust

            earn a crust
            cry
            cry all the way to the bank
            cry for the moon
            cry on someone's shoulder
            cry wolf
            cry your heart out
            a far cry from something
            a hue and cry
            In full cry
            a shoulder to cry on
            crying
            It's no use crying over spilled
            milk
            a voice crying in the wilderness
            crystal
            clear as crystal
            a crystal ball
            cucumber
            cool as a cucumber
            cudgels
            take up the cudgels
            cuff
            off-the-cuff
            cup
            not your cup of tea
            there is many a slip twixt cup
            and lip
            cupboard
            cupboard love

            a skeleton in the cupboard

            curate
            a curate's egg
            curiosity
            curiosity killed the cat

            curl
            curl your hair
            make your hair curl
            make your toes curt

            cu riles

            by the short and curlles
            curtain
            bring the curtain down on
            something

            the curtain comes down
            curtains
            it's curtains
            mean curtains
            spell curtains

            curve
            throw someone a curve
            throw someone a curve ball

            cushion
            cushion the blow

            cuss
            not
            cut

            give

            a tinker's cuss

            cannot cut It
            a cut above
            a cut above the rest
            cut a dash
            cut and dried
            cut and run
            the cut and thrust
            cut both ways
            cut corners
            cut from the same cloth
            cut it close: see fine
            cut it fine
            cut loose
            cut no Ice
            cut off your nose to spite your
            fan

            cut someone dead
            cut someone down to size
            cut someone some slack
            cut someone to the quick
            cut the cackle
            cut the cord
            cut the Gordian knot
            cut the ground from under

            someone

            cut the ground from under
            someone's feet
            cut the umbilical cord

            cut
            cut
            cut
            cut
            cut
            cut
            cut

            things fine
            to the bone
            to the chase
            two ways
            up rough
            your doth
            your coat according to your

            cloth
            cut your losses
            cut your own throat
            cut your teeth
            does not cut it
            fish or cut bait
            have your work cut out
            like a chicken with its head cut
            off


                evince -p 465 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            cutting
            not cut out for something
            not cut the mustard
            to cut a long story short
            you could cut the atmosphere
            with a knife
            cutting

            a cutting edge
            the cutting edge
            cylinders
            fire on all cylinders
            dab
            a dab hand
            daft
            daft as a brush
            dagger

            cloak-and dagger
            daggers
            at daggers drawn
            look daggers at someone
            shoot daggers at someone
            daisies
            push up the daisies
            daisy
            fresh as a daisy

            dam

            water over the dam
            damn
            damn with faint praise
            not give a tinker's damn
            Damocles
            the Sword of Damocles: see
            sword
            damp
            a damp squib
            dampener
            pul a dampener on something: see
            damper
            damper
            put a damper on something
            dance
            dance to someone's tune
            lead you a merry dance
            make a song and dance about
            something
            dancing
            ull-slnglng, all-dancing

            dander
            get someone's dander up
            dangle
            dangle a carrot In front of

            someone
            Daniel
            Daniel in the lion's den
            dark
            a dark horse
            In the dark
            keep something dark
            a leap in the dark
            a shot in the dark
            a stab in the dark
            whistle In the dark
            darken
            not darken someone's door
            dash
            cut a dash
            date
            pass your sell-by date
            past your sell-by date
            dawn
            at the crack of dawn

            delivered

            446

            a false dawn
            light dawns
            day
            all in a day's work
            at the end of the day
            call it a day
            carry the day
            clear as day
            the day of reckoning
            don't give up the day job
            every dog has its day
            have a field day
            have had your dayhonest as the day is long
            in the cold light at day
            It's early in the day: see days
            late in the daymake my day
            make someone's day
            a nine-day wonder
            a one-day wonder
            the order or the day
            plain as day
            put off the evil day
            a red letter day
            Rome was not built in a day
            save for a rainy day
            see the light at day
            seize the day
            tomorrow is another day
            daylight
            daylight robbery
            in broad daylight
            daylights
            beat the living daylights out

            at
            someone
            scare the living daylights out of
            someone

            days
            halcyon days
            have seen better days
            It's early days
            someone's days are numbered
            your salad days

            dead
            beat a dead horse
            come back from the dead
            cut someone dead
            dead as a dodo
            dead as a doornail
            dead as mutton
            a dead duck
            a dead end
            dead from the neck up
            the dead hand
            dead in the water
            a dead letter
            a dead loss
            dead meat
            dead men's shoes
            dead men tell no tales
            dead on your feet
            a dead ringer for someone
            the dead spit
            dead to rights
            dead to the world
            a dead weight
            dead wood
            drop dead
            flog a dead horse

            knock 'em dead
            knock someone dead
            over my dead body
            raise something from the dead
            rise from the dead

            stop someone dead in their
            tracks
            stop something dead In its tracks
            wouldn't be caught dead
            wouldn't be seen dead

            dead-end
            dead-end
            deaf
            deaf as a post
            fall on deaf ears
            turn a deaf ear to something
            deal

            a done deal
            get a raw deal
            dear
            dear to your heart
            near and dear to your heart

            death
            at death's door
            a death blow
            the death knell sounds
            dice with death
            fight to the death
            the kiss of death
            like death warmed over
            like death warmed up
            like grim death

            a living death
            sign someone's death warrant
            sign your own death warrant
            sound the death knell
            to death

            deck
            all hands on deck
            clear the deck: see decks
            hit the deck
            not play with a full deck
            play with a loaded deck
            play with a stacked deck
            several cards short of a full
            deck
            stack the deck

            decks
            clear the decks
            deep
            between the devil and the deep
            blue sea
            dig deep: see pocket
            dig deep into your pocket
            go deep
            go off the deep end
            in at the deep end
            in deep shit

            in deep water

            run deep
            still waters run deep
            deer
            like a deer caught in the
            headlights
            degree
            give someone the third degree
            deliver
            deliver the goods

            delivered
            signed, sealed, and delivered


                evince -p 466 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            dilemma

            den

            aonitey

            447

            den
            j

            Into

            the Hon s den
            the lion's den

            something
            dentk(. a dent „something

            "Jf, a dent in

            jioartrnent

            department

            your department

            dÿut*oryour depth
            depths

            lÿuirib the depths

            deserts

            just deserts
            designs
            have designs on someone
            have designs on something

            desserts

            just desserts see deserts

            devices

            left to your own devices

            devil

            better the devil you know
            better the devil you know than
            the devil you don't
            between the devil and the deep
            blue sea
            a devil of a Job
            the devil's own job
            the devil take the hindmost
            every man for himself and the
            devil take the hindmost
            speak of the devil
            talk of the devil
            diamond
            a diamond m the rough
            a rough diamond

            dice
            dice with death
            load the dice against some
            one
            no dice
            Dick

            every Tom. Dick, and Harry
            die
            the die Is cast
            die like a dog
            die on the vine
            die with your boots on
            old habits die hard
            straight as a die

            different

            a different ball game
            a different kettle of fish
            different strokes for different
            folks
            march to a different drummer
            march to a different tune
            march to the beat of a different
            drummer
            sing a different tune

            dig
            dig deep: see pocket
            dig deep into your pocket
            dig for dirt
            dig in your heels
            dig the dirt
            dig up dirt
            dig your own grave

            the horns of a dilemma
            dim
            take a dim view of something
            dime
            a dime a dozen
            nickel and dime

            dinner

            a dog's dinner

            done like a dinner
            dinners

            do something more than someone
            has had hot dinners
            dip
            dip into your pocket

            dirt
            dig for dirt
            dig the dirt
            dig up dirt
            dish the dirt
            do someone dirt
            do the dirt on someone
            hit pay dirt
            rub someone's nose in the dirt
            strike pay dirt
            dirty
            air your dirty laundry in public
            dirty laundry
            dirty linen
            a dirty look
            a dirty word
            dirty your bands
            do someone's dirty work
            do the dirty on someone
            down and dirty
            do your dirty washing in public
            get your hands dirty
            wash your dirty linen in public
            disguise
            a blessing in disguise

            dish
            dish the dirt
            dishwater
            dull as dishwater
            distance
            go the distance
            go the hill distance
            within spitting distance
            within striking distance

            distraction
            drive someone to distraction
            ditch
            last ditch
            ditchwater
            dull as ditchwater
            divide
            divide and conquer
            divide and rule
            dividends
            pay dividends
            Dixie
            whistle Dixie
            dizzy

            the dizzy heights
            dizzying
            dizzying heights

            do

            can do something standing on
            your head
            can't do something for toffee

            can't do something to save your
            life
            do a Job on someone
            do a land-office business
            do a number on someone
            do someone dirt
            do someone's dirty work
            do the dirt on someone
            do the dirty on someone
            do the donkey work
            do the trick
            do your dirty washing in public
            do your head in
            do your not
            do your own thing
            not do things by halves
            when In Rome, do as the Romans
            do

            doctor
            just what the doctor ordered
            dodo
            dead as a dodo
            dog

            die like a dog
            a dog and pony show
            a dog's breakfast
            a dog's dinner
            every dog has its day
            fight like cat and dog
            a hair of the dog
            a hair of the dog that bit you
            it's a dog s life
            sick as a dog
            a sleeping dog: see dogs
            the tail wags the dog
            you can't teach an old dog new

            tricks
            dog-eat-dog
            dog-eat-dog

            doghouse
            In the doghouse
            dog-in-the-manger
            dog in the- manger
            dogs
            call off the dogs
            go to the dogs
            it's raining cats and dogs
            let sleeping dogs lie
            throw someone to the dogs

            doldrums
            in the doldrums

            out of the doldrums
            dollar
            the 64,000 dollar question
            bet your bottom dollar

            dollars
            dollars to doughnuts
            feel like a million dollars
            look a million dollars
            domino
            a domino effect
            done
            done and dusted
            a done deal
            done like a dinner
            easier said than done
            hard done by
            donkeydonkey's years
            do the donkey work


                evince -p 467 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            don'ts
            talk the hind leg off a donkey

            don'ts
            the dos and don'ts
            donuts
            dollars to donuts
            door
            as one door closes, another one
            opens
            at death's door
            beat a path to someone's door
            by the back door
            close the bam door after the
            horse has gone
            close the stable door after the
            horse has bolted
            come knocking at your door
            a foot in the door
            keep the wolf from the door
            knock at your door
            knock on the door
            lay something at someone's door
            never darken someone's door
            not darken somewhere's door
            push at an open door
            the revolving door
            through the back door

            doornail
            dead as a doornail
            doors
            behind closed doors

            dose

            own

            dot
            dot the i's and cross the t's
            from the year dot
            on the dot
            since the year dot

            dotted
            sign on the dotted line
            double
            at the double
            a double bind
            on the double
            double-edged
            a double-edged sword

            doubt
            give someone the benefit of the

            doubt
            doughnuts
            dollars to doughnuts
            down
            down and dirty
            down and out
            down for the count
            down in the dumps
            down in the mouth
            down on your knees
            down on your luck
            down on your uppers
            down the drain
            down the hatch
            down the line
            down the pan
            down the road
            down the tubes
            down to earth
            down tools

            down to the wire
            have a down on someone

            down-at-heel
            down-at-heel

            down-at-the-heels
            down at the heels
            downer
            have a downer on someone: see
            down

            dozen

            a baker's dozen
            a dime a dozen
            six of one and half a dozen of the
            other
            talk nineteen to the dozen
            drag
            drag someone through the mud
            drag your feet
            drag your heels
            dragged
            look like something the cat
            dragged in
            look what the cat's dragged in
            drag-out

            a knock-down drag-out fight
            drain
            down the drain
            laugh like a drain
            drakes
            play ducks and drakes with
            someone

            dos
            the dos and don'ts
            give someone a dose of their
            medicine

            ducfc

            448

            drape
            drape yourself in the flag

            draw
            draw a bead on
            draw a blank
            draw a Une under something
            draw a veil over something
            draw in your horns
            draw someone's fire
            draw the Une
            draw the short straw
            the luck of the draw
            drawer
            the top drawer
            drawing

            back to the drawing board
            drawn
            at daggers drawn
            the battle lines are drawn
            dream
            a dream ticket
            like a dream
            dreams
            beyond your wildest dreams

            never in your wildest dreams
            not in your wildest dreams
            the person of your dreams
            the thing of your dreams

            dress
            dress to the nines
            dressed
            all dressed up with nowhere to
            k
            dressed to kill
            mutton dressed as lamb

            dried
            cut and dried
            drink
            drink like a fish

            drink someone under the table
            meat and drink to someone
            you can lead a horse to water h,.
            you can't make him drink ”
            drinking
            drinking in the last chance
            saloon
            drive
            drive a coach and horses through

            '

            something

            drive a wedge between people
            drive someone to distraction
            drive someone up the wall
            driver
            in the driver's seat
            driving
            in the driving seat
            drop
            at the drop of a hat
            the bottom drops out of
            something
            drop a bombshell
            drop a brick
            drop a clanger
            drop dead
            a drop In the bucket
            a drop in the ocean
            drop into your lap
            drop like flies
            drop something like a hot bride
            see potato
            drop something like a hot potato
            drop the ball
            drop the other shoe
            drop your bundle
            drop your guard
            the penny drops
            drop-dead
            drop-dead

            drown
            drown your sorrows

            drowned
            look like a drowned rat
            drowning
            a drowning man will clutch at a
            straw see straws
            drum
            bang the drum
            beat the drum

            drummer
            march to the beat of a different
            drummer

            drunk
            drunk as a skunk
            dry
            bleed someone dry
            dry as a bone
            dry as dust
            bang someone out to dry
            home and dry
            keep your powder dry
            leave someone high and dry
            watch paint dry

            duck
            a dead duck
            a lame duck
            like water off a duck's back
            a sitting duck
            take to something like a duck to
            water

            1


                evince -p 468 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            449

            ducks
            dUÿ,kvour ducks in a row
            1Jay

            ducks and drakes with

            someone

            d“n
            d

            dudgeon

            dllll as dishwater
            dull as ditchwater

            dummy

            a dummy run
            spit out the dummy

            spit the dummy
            dumps
            down in the dumps

            in the dumps

            dust

            bite the dust
            dry as dust
            the dust clears
            the dust settles
            eat someone's dust
            gather dust
            gold dust
            not see someone for dust
            shake the dust of somewhere
            from your feet

            dusted

            done and dusted

            dusty
            a dusty

            answer
            a dusty reply
            Dutch
            Dutch courage
            a Dutch treat

            go Dutch
            In Dutch
            dyed-in-the-wool
            dyed in the wool
            eager
            an eager beaver
            eagle
            an eagle eye

            ear

            bend someone's ear
            a flea in your ear
            go in one ear and out the

            other
            from ear to ear

            grin

            half an ear
            have an ear for something
            have a tin ear for something
            have someone's ear
            have your ear to the ground
            keep your ear to the ground
            lend an ear to someone
            make a pig's ear of something
            out on your ear
            play it by ear
            smile from ear to ear
            turn a deaf ear to something
            a word in someone's ear
            you can't make a silk purse out
            of a sow's ear
            early
            an early bath
            an early bird
            the early bird catches the worm
            it's early days
            it's early In the day: see days

            earn

            earn a crust
            earn its keep

            earn your com

            earn your spurs

            ears

            be all ears
            between your ears
            cloth ears
            fall on deaf ears
            have something coming out of
            your ears
            have steam coming out of your

            ears
            music to your ears
            pin back your ears
            pin someone's ears back
            prick up your ears
            someone's ears are burning
            up to your ears
            walls have ears
            wet behind the ears
            earth
            bring someone back to earth
            come down to earth
            come down to earth with a
            bump

            down to earth
            the four corners of the earth
            go to earth
            hell on earth
            move heaven and earth
            promise the earth
            run someone to earth
            the salt of the earth
            easier
            easier said than done
            easy
            easy as ABC
            easy as falling off a log
            easy as pie
            easy come, easy go
            an easy ride
            an easy touch
            the easy way out
            go easy on someone
            go easy on something
            take it easy
            take things easy

            eat
            dog-eat-dog

            eat crow
            eat humble pie
            eat like a bird
            eat like a horse
            eat like a pig
            eat someone alive
            eat someone out of house and
            home
            eat someone's dust
            eat your hat
            eat your heart out
            eat your seed com
            eat your words
            have your cake and eat It
            eating
            have someone eating out of the
            palm of your hand
            have someone eating out of your
            hand

            eiepnaui
            the proof of the pudding is in the
            eating

            ebb

            at a low ebb
            at your lowest ebb
            echo
            cheer someone to the echo
            eclipse
            in eclipse

            economical
            economical with the truth
            edge

            a cutting edge
            the cutting edge
            give someone the rough edge of
            your tongue
            lose your edge

            on a knife edge
            on edge
            on the edge of your chair
            on the edge of your seat
            set your teeth on edge
            take the edge off something
            walk a knife-edge
            edges
            fray at the edges
            rough edges
            edgeways
            get a word in edgeways
            edgewise
            get a word in edgewise

            eel
            slippery as an eel
            effect
            a domino effect

            egg
            chicken and egg
            a curate's egg
            egg all over your face
            egg on your face
            kill the goose that lays the
            golden egg
            lay an egg
            a nest egg
            eggs
            put all your eggs in one basket
            sure as eggs is eggs
            teach your grandmother to suck
            eggs
            walk on eggs see eggshells
            you can't make an omelette
            without breaking eggs
            eggshells
            walk on eggshells

            elbow
            all power to your elbow
            elbow grease

            elbow room
            more power to your elbow
            not know your arse from your
            elbow
            not know your ass from your
            elbow
            elbows
            rub elbows with someone
            element
            in your element
            out of your element
            elephant
            a white elephant


                evince -p 469 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            eleventh
            eleventh
            the eleventh hour
            embarrassment

            estimate

            an embarrassment of riches
            empty
            empty vessels make the most
            noise
            empty vessels make the most
            sound

            don't get mad, get even
            get an even break
            get even
            give a sucker an even break
            give someone an even break
            on an even keel
            everything
            everything but the kitchen sink
            everything Is coming up roses
            evil
            the lesser evil: see evils
            the love of money is the root of
            all evil
            money is the root of all evil
            put off the evil day

            run on empty
            end
            at a loose end
            at the end of the day
            at the end of the rainbow
            at the end of your rope
            at the end of your tether
            at your wits' end
            come to a bad end
            come to a sticky end
            dead-end
            a dead end
            end It all
            the end of the line
            the end of the road
            get hold of the wrong end of the
            stick
            get the short end of the stick
            get the wrong end of the stick
            go off the deep end
            hold your end up
            in at the deep end
            keep your end up
            the light at the end of the tunnel
            make your hair stand on end
            not see beyond the end of your
            nose
            not the end of the world
            on the wrong end of something
            the pot of gold at the end of the
            rainbow
            quote, end quote
            the sharp end
            someone's hair stands on end
            the thin end of the wedge
            to the bitter end
            end-all
            not the be-all and end all
            ends
            at loose ends: see end
            bum the candle at both ends
            live on your nerve ends: see
            nerves
            loose ends
            make ends meet
            play both ends against the
            middle
            Englishman
            an Englishman's home is his
            castle
            enough
            enough is as good as a feast
            have enough on your plate
            envelope
            on the back of an envelope
            envy
            green with envy

            error

            the error of your ways
            escutcheon
            a blot on your escutcheon

            face

            450

            a ballpark estimate
            even

            evils
            the lesser of two evils
            exception
            the exception that proves the

            rule
            expedition
            a fishing expedition

            expense
            at someone's expense
            explode
            explode in your face

            extra
            go the extra mile

            eye

            the apple of your eye

            a bird's-eye view
            cast an eye on something
            cast your eye on something
            cast your eye over something
            catch someone's eye
            catch the eye
            an eagle eye
            an eye for an eye
            an eye for an eye. a tooth for a
            tooth
            an eye for the main chance
            the eye of the storm
            get your eye In
            give someone a black eye
            a gleam in your eye
            have an eye for something
            in the public eye
            in your mind's eye
            keep a weather eye on something
            keep your eye on the ball
            look someone in the eye
            meet someone's eye: see eyes
            the naked eye
            not bat an eye
            one in the eye for someone
            out of the public eye
            run your eye over something
            see eye to eye with someone
            spit in someone's eye
            take your eye off the ball
            there's less to something than
            meets the eye
            there's more to something than
            meets the eye
            turn a blind eye to something
            with an eye tor something
            a worm's eye view

            would give your eye teeth for
            something
            eyeball
            eyeball to eyeball
            eyeballs

            up to the eyeballs
            eyebrows
            raise eyebrows
            eyelash
            not bat an eyelash: see eyelid
            eyelid
            not bat an eyelid

            eyes

            all eyes are on someone
            before your eyes
            blow smoke in someone's eyes
            can't keep your eyes off someone
            can't take your eyes off someone
            cast your eyes on something: see
            eye
            feast your eyes on something
            have eyes in the back of your
            head
            in front of your eyes
            keep your eyes open
            keep your eyes peeled
            keep your eyes skinned
            look someone in the eyes: see eye
            make eyes at someone
            make sheep's eyes
            meet someone's eyes
            only have eyes for someone
            only have eyes for something
            open someone's eyes
            open the eyes of someone
            open your eyes
            pull the wool over someone's
            eyes
            the scales fall from your eyes
            a sight for sore eyes
            stars in your eyes
            up to your eyes
            with your eyes closed
            with your eyes glued to
            something
            with your eyes shut

            face
            at face value
            blow smoke in someone's Glee
            blow up in your face
            bring someone face to face with
            something

            come face to face with someone
            come face to face with something
            cut off your nose to spite your
            face
            egg on your face
            explode in your face
            a face like thunder
            face the music
            fall flat on your face
            fiy in the face of something
            get out of someone's face
            inyourface
            keep a straight face
            laugh on the other side of your

            face
            a long face
            iook someone in the face
            iose face


                evince -p 470 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            ke a face

            face to face
            , someone
            the face

            have
            your face
            plain as the nose on
            null a face
            on something
            put a brave faceon
            puts good face something
            face
            face against something
            show your face
            a slap in the face
            stare someone in the face
            stare something in the face
            back in
            ihrow something
            someone's face
            to someone's face
            until you are blue in the face
            with a straight face
            written all over your fece
            Tlf ;t

            faint

            damn with faint praise

            fair
            all's fair in love and war
            by fair means or foul
            fair and square
            a fair crack of the whip

            fair-haired

            your fair haired boy

            (all

            be headed for a fall
            be heading for a fall
            be riding for a fall
            the bottom falls out or something
            fall apart at the seams
            fall between two stools
            fall by the wayside
            fell flat
            fall fiat on your face
            fall from grace
            fall head over heels
            fall into place
            fall Into someone's bands
            fall into the trap
            fall into the wrong bands
            fall into your lap
            fall like ninepins
            fall off the perch
            fall off the wagon
            fall off your perch
            fall on deaf ears
            fall on stony ground
            fall on your feet
            fall through the cracks
            fall through the net
            the scales fall from your eyes

            fallen

            a fallen angel
            falling
            easy as falling off a log
            simple as falling off a log

            false

            a false dawn
            sail under false colours
            familiarity
            familiarity breeds contempt
            familiarity breeds content
            family
            the black sheep of the family

            famine

            feast or famine

            hgnt

            451

            faint

            fan
            fan the flames
            the shit hits the fan

            make someone feel small
            feelers
            put out feelers
            feeling
            have a feeling in your bones

            fancy

            feet

            famous
            famous last words

            flight of fancy

            fancy-free
            footloose and fancy free

            far

            a far cry from something
            so near and yet so far
            farm
            buy the farm
            farthing
            a brass farthing

            fashion
            after a fashion
            parrot fashion

            fast
            the fast lane
            the fast track
            play fast and loose
            pull a fast one

            fat
            chew the fat
            a fat cat
            the fat is In the fire
            the fat of the land
            it isn't over until the fat lady
            sings
            fate
            seal someone's fate
            tempt fate

            fatted
            kill the fatted calf
            fault
            to a fault
            fear
            fools rush In where angels fear to
            tread
            feast
            enough is as good as a feast
            feast or famine
            feast your eyes on something
            the ghost at the feast
            the skeleton at the feast
            the spectre at the feast
            feather
            birds of a feather
            birds of a feather flock together
            a feather in your cap
            feather your nest
            light as a feather

            you could have knocked me down
            with a feather
            feathers
            ruffle someone's feathers
            smooth ruffled feathers

            fed
            fed up to the back teeth
            feed
            bite the hand that feeds you
            chicken feed
            feeding
            a feeding frenzy
            feel
            feel like a million dollars
            feel something in your bones
            feel the pinch

            clay feet

            cut the ground from under
            someone's feet
            dead on your feet
            drag your feet
            fall on your feet
            feet on the ground
            find your feet
            get cold feet
            get your feet on the ground
            get your feet under the table
            get your feet wet
            have cold feet
            have feet of clay
            have your feet wet
            itchy feet
            land on your feet
            pull the rug from under your feet
            put your feet up
            rushed off your feet
            shake the dust of somewhere
            from your feet
            stand on your own feet
            stand on your own two feet
            sweep someone off their feet
            think on your feet
            under someone's feet
            vote with your feet
            fence
            come off the fence
            the grass is always greener on
            the other side of the fence
            sit on the fence
            fences
            mend fences
            fever
            fever pitch
            fiddle
            fiddle while Rome bums
            fit as a fiddle
            on the fiddle
            play second Addle
            field
            have a field day
            lead the field
            left field
            a level playing field
            level the playing Aeld
            out in left field
            out of left field
            play the field

            fifth
            a fifth wheel
            fis

            a fig leaf
            fight
            can't fight your way out of a
            paper bag
            fight a losing battle
            fight a rearguard action
            fight fire with fire
            a fight for life
            fight for your life
            fight like a lion


                evince -p 471 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            lighting
            fight like cat and dog
            fight like Kilkenny cats
            fight tooth and claw
            fight tooth and nail
            fight to the death
            fight your corner
            a knock-down drag-out fight
            fighting
            come out fighting
            fighting fit
            in fighting trim
            figure
            a ballpark figure
            fill
            fill someone's boots
            fill someone's shoes

            fill the bill
            fill your boots
            have had your fill of something
            filling
            the filling in the sandwich
            filthy

            a filthy look
            final
            the final nail in the coffin
            the final straw

            find
            find common ground
            find your feet
            find your tongue
            finders
            finders keepers
            fine
            cut it fine
            cut things fine
            a fine kettle of fish

            a fine line
            the fine print
            have something down to a fine
            art
            not to put too fine a point on it
            fine-tooth
            with a fine-tooth comb

            line-toothed
            with a fine-toothed comb
            finger
            get your finger out
            give someone the finger
            have a finger In every pie
            have a finger in the pie
            have your finger on the button
            have your finger on the pulse
            keep your finger on the pulse
            not lay a finger on someone
            not lift a finger
            not raise a finger
            point the finger at someone
            pull your finger out
            put the finger on someone
            put your finger on something
            twist someone around your little
            finger

            wrap someone around your little
            finger
            fingernails
            hang on by your fingernails: see
            fingertips
            fingers
            all fingers and thumbs
            bum your fingers

            flesh

            452

            count something on the fingers of
            one hand
            count something on your fingers
            cross your fingers
            fingers crossed
            get your fingers burned
            have green fingers
            have your fingers in the till
            itchy fingers
            keep your fingers crossed
            slip through your fingers
            work your fingers to the bone

            fingertips
            at your fingertips
            hang on by your fingertips
            fire
            add ftiel to the fire
            a baptism of fire
            be under fire
            breathe fire
            catch fire
            come under fire
            draw someone's fire
            the fat is In the fire
            fight fire with fire
            fire from the hip
            fire in your belly
            fire on all cylinders
            get on like a house on fire
            hang fire
            have a lot of Irons in the fire
            hold fire
            hold your fire
            in the line of fire
            light a fire under someone
            not set the world on fire
            out of the frying pan into the
            finplay with fire
            pull someone's chestnuts out of
            the fire
            set the heather on fire
            there's no smoke without fire
            where there's smoke there's fire

            firing
            In the firing line
            out of the firing line

            first
            at first glance
            at first sight
            first off the mark
            first past the post
            get to first base
            of the first water
            fish
            another kettle of fish
            a big fish
            a big fish In a small pond
            a cold fish
            a different kettle of fish
            drink like a fish
            a fine kettle of fish
            fish In troubled waters
            fish or cut bait
            a fish out of water
            have bigger fish to fry
            have other fish to fry
            like shooting fish in a barrel
            neither fish nor fowl
            a pretty kettle of fish

            there are other fish in the sea
            there are plenty more fish in the

            sea

            fishing

            a fishing expedition
            fist
            hand over fist
            an iron fist
            an iron fist in a velvet glove
            fit
            fighting fit
            fit as a fiddle
            fit as a flea
            fit like a glove
            fit the bill
            fit to be tied
            fits
            if the cap fits
            if the shoe fits
            In fits and starts
            five
            know how many beans make five
            fix

            if it ain't broke, don't fix it

            no quick fix
            flag
            drape yourself in the flag
            fly the flag
            keep the flag flying
            a red flag
            a red flag before a bull
            wrap yourself in the flag

            flagpole
            run something up the flagpole
            flags
            put the flags out

            flame
            like a moth to a flame
            an old flame
            flames
            add file! to the flames
            fan the flames
            go down in flames
            go up in flames
            shoot down in flames
            flash
            flash in the pan
            quick as a flash
            flat
            fall flat
            fall flat on your face
            flat as a pancake
            In a flat spin
            flat-footed
            catch someone flat-footed
            flavor: see flavour
            flavour
            flavour of the month
            flea
            fit as a flea
            a flea in your ear
            flesh
            flesh and blood
            in the flesh
            make your flesh crawl
            make your flesh creep
            put flesh on something
            put flesh on the bones of
            something

            a thorn in your flesh

            1


                evince -p 472 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            your P°u nd

            of flesh

            your muscle: see muscles
            °nex
            muscles
            your
            flex
            flick
            someone the
            someone the flick pass

            flies

            crow flies

            as the
            8
            drop like
            there

            flies
            are no flies on someone

            flight

            flight of fancy

            flip
            flip
            flip

            your lid
            your wig

            float

            float on air
            float someone's boat

            flock

            birds of a feather flock together

            flog
            flog a dead horse

            flood

            in full flood: see flow
            floodgates
            the floodgates open
            open the floodgates
            floor
            get in on the ground floor
            through the floor
            wipe the floor with someone
            flow
            go with the flow
            in hill flow
            stem the flow

            flown
            the bird has flown
            fly

            fly a kite
            fly blind
            fly by the seat of your pants
            in the face of something
            the fly in the ointment
            fly off the handle

            fly

            a fly on the wall
            fly the coop

            fly the flag
            fly the nest
            like a blue-arsed fly

            on the fly

            Pigs might fly
            sparks fly

            when pigs fly
            wouldn't harm a fly
            wouldn't hurt a fly

            flying

            the fUr is flying
            keep the flag flying
            with flying colours

            foam

            foam at the mouth

            fodder
            cannon fodder
            folks

            different atrokes for different
            folks

            t

            froth

            453

            fie*

            follow

            follow In someone's footsteps
            follow suit

            follow your nose
            a hard act to follow
            follower
            a camp follower
            food
            food for thought

            fool
            a fool and his money are soon
            parted
            fool's gold

            live in a fool's paradise
            play someone for a fool

            foolish
            penny-wise and pound-foolish
            fools
            fools rush In
            fools rush In where angels fear to
            tread
            foot
            the boot is on the other foot
            bound hand and foot
            caught on the wrong foot
            a foot in both camps
            a foot in each camp
            a foot in the door
            foot the bill
            from head to foot
            get off on the wrong foot
            not put a foot wrong
            one foot in the grave
            put your best foot forward
            put your foot down
            put your foot in it
            put your foot in your mouth
            the shoe is on the other foot
            shoot yourself In the foot
            start off on the right foot
            wait on someone hand and foot
            wouldn't touch something with a
            ten-foot pole

            foot-ln-the-door
            foot-ln-the-door
            footloose
            footloose and faney free
            footsteps
            follow in someone's footsteps

            forbidden
            forbidden fruit
            force
            force someone's band
            forearmed
            forewarned is forearmed
            forelock
            touch your forelock
            tug your forelock
            forest
            not see the forest for the trees
            forewarned
            forewarned is forearmed
            forked
            speak with forked tongue
            talk with forked tongue
            former
            a shadow of your former self
            fort
            hold down the fort
            hold the fort
            fortune
            a hostage to fortune
            a small fortune

            forty
            forty winks

            forward
            put your best foot forward

            forwards
            know somethin* backwards and
            forwards

            foul
            by fair means or foul
            foul your own nest
            foundations
            shake the foundations
            four
            the four corners of the earth
            the four corners of the world
            fowl
            neither fish nor fowl

            frame
            in the frame
            the name in the frame
            ftay
            fray at the edges

            frazzle

            wear yourself to a frazzle
            free
            allow someone free rein
            footloose and fancy-free
            free as a bird
            free as the air
            a free hand

            a free ride
            give someone free rein
            there's no such thing as a free
            lunch
            freefhll
            go into freefall
            In freefall
            freeze
            cold enough to freeze the balls off

            a brass monkey
            hell freezes over
            make your blood freeze
            frenzy
            a feeding frenzy
            fresh
            a breath of fresh air
            fresh as a daisy
            fresh as paint
            flesh blood
            fresh pastures
            frighten
            frighten the life out of someone
            frightenera
            put the frlghteners on someone

            fritz

            on the fritz

            frog

            a big frog In a small pond: see
            fish

            a frog In your throat
            front
            in the front line
            on the front burner
            on the front line
            put a brave front on something
            see face
            frosting
            the frosting on the cake: see Icing

            froth
            froth at the mouth


                evince -p 473 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            frozen
            frozen
            frozen to the marrow
            bull
            bear fruit
            forbidden fruit

            fruitcake
            nutty as a fruitcake
            fryhave bigger fish to fry
            have other fish to fry

            frying
            out of the frying pan into the

            fire
            fuel
            add fuel to the fire
            add fuel to the flames
            full
            at full stretch
            at full throttle
            come full circle
            the full monte: see monty
            the full monty
            fUll or beans
            fUU steam ahead
            go the fUll distance
            have your hands full
            have your plate full
            in fUll cry
            in full flood: see flow
            in full flow
            in fUll spate: see flow
            In full swing
            in fUll throttle
            not play with a full deck
            several cards short of a full deck
            turn fUll circle
            the wheel has come full circle
            your hands are full

            full-court
            a full-court press
            full-time

            a fUll time Job

            funeral

            it's your fUneral
            fur
            the ftir Is flying

            frimiture
            part of the furniture

            furrow
            plough a lone furrow
            plough a lonely furrow
            fury
            hell hath no fury like a woman
            scorned

            fuse
            blow a fuse
            have a short fuse
            light the fuse
            on a short fuse
            gab

            the gift of gab
            the gift of the gab
            gaff

            blow the gaff
            gain
            gain ground

            what you lose on the swings you
            gam on the roundabouts
            gallery
            play to the gallery

            454

            game
            ahead of the game
            beat someone at their own game
            a different ball game
            the game is not worth the candle
            the game is up
            a game of cat and mouse
            a game plan
            give the game away
            the name of the game
            a new ball game
            new to the game
            not play the game
            the numbers game
            the only game in town
            on the game
            play someone at their own game
            play the game
            a shell game
            a waiting game
            a zero-sum game
            gamekeeper
            poacher turned gamekeeper
            games
            play games
            gander
            what's sance for the goose Is
            sauce for the gander

            gangplank
            walk the gangplank: see plank
            garbage
            garbage in, garbage out
            garden
            common-or-garden
            lead someone down the garden
            path

            lead someone up the garden path
            garden-variety
            garden-variety
            gas
            run out of gas

            gasp
            last gasp
            gather
            gather dual
            gather moss: see atone
            gather your wits
            a rolling stone gathers no moss
            gauntlet
            pick up the gauntlet
            run the gauntlet
            take up the gauntlet
            throw down the gauntlet

            gaze
            gaze at your navel
            gazing
            navel gazing

            gear
            get In gear
            get into gear
            get your arse in gear
            get your ass in gear
            get your brain into gear
            have your brain in gear
            in gear
            genie
            the genie is out of the bottle
            let the genie out of the bottle
            put the genie back in the

            bottle

            8et
            gentle
            gentle as a lamb
            get
            the biter gets bit
            don't get mad, get even
            get a bloody nose
            get a grip
            get a grip on something
            get a grip on yourself
            get a jump on someone
            get a leg up
            get a life
            get a line on someone
            get a lot of stick
            get an even break
            get a raw deal
            get a rise out of someone
            get away with murder
            get a word in edgeways
            get a word in edgewise
            get butterflies
            get cold feet
            get cracking
            get down to brass tacks
            get even
            get hold of the wrong end of the
            stick
            get in gear
            get in on the act
            get in on the ground floor
            get in over your bead
            get into bed with someone
            get into gear
            get into the swing of something
            get into your stride
            get it in the neck
            get no change out of someone
            get off on the wrong foot
            get off someone's back
            get off someone's case
            get off the ground
            get off the mark
            get one over on someone
            get one up on someone
            get on like a house on fire
            get on someone's case
            get on someone's nerves
            get on someone's wick
            get on top of you
            get an your high horse
            get out of bed the wrong side
            get out of hand
            get out of someone's face
            get shot of something
            get someone's back up
            get someone's dander up
            get someone's goat
            get something off the ground
            get something off your chest
            get something out of your system
            get the axe
            get the bird
            get the hit between your teeth
            get the boot
            get the bullet
            get the bum's rush
            get the chop
            get the cold shoulder
            get the goods on someone
            get the hang of something

            i


                evince -p 474 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            L

            getting
            toe hots for someone
            hump
            get the monkey off your back

            , the

            art the nod
            ae, the picture
            get the push
            art the runaround
            of the stick
            aet the short end
            on the road

            get the show
            get the wind up
            get the wrong end or the stick
            get to first base
            get to grips with something
            get too big for your boots
            get too big for your britches
            get to second base
            get to the bottom of something
            get under someone's skin
            get under your skin
            get up someone's nose
            get up to speed
            get wind of something
            get your act together
            get your arse in gear
            get your ass In gear
            get your brain into gear

            get your claws into someone
            get your ducks in a row
            get your eye in
            get your feet on the ground
            get your feet under the table
            get your feet wet
            get your finger out
            get your fingers burned
            get your hands dirty
            get your hands on
            get your head around something
            get your head down
            get your hooks Into someone
            get your house in order
            get your knickers in a twist
            get your leg over
            get your lines crossed
            get your mind around something

            see head

            get your own back
            get your rocks off
            gel your skates on
            get your teeth into something
            get your thinking cap on
            get your tongue round something
            get your wires crossed
            give as good as you get
            if you can't stand the heat, get

            out of the kitchen
            if you pay peanuts, you get
            monkeys

            not get a wink of sleep
            play hard to get
            shit or get off the pot
            tell someone where to get off
            getting
            be getting past it
            like getting blood out of a stone
            like getting blood out of a turnip
            ghost

            the ghost at the feast
            give up the ghost
            lay the ghost of something

            lay to rest the ghost of something

            455
            white as a ghost

            Kill

            the gift of gab
            the gift of the gab
            God's gift
            God's gift to someone
            God's gift to women
            look a gift horse in the mouth
            gild
            gild the lily
            gills
            green around the gills

            Kill
            take the gilt off the gingerbread
            gingerbread
            take the gilt off the gingerbread
            gird
            gird your loins
            girl
            a big girl's blouse
            girls
            Jobs for the girls
            give
            don't give up the day job
            give and take
            give as good as you get
            give a sucker an even break
            give Up service to something
            give me a break
            give or take
            give someone a big hand
            give someone a black eye
            give someone a bloody nose
            give someone a dose of their own
            medicine
            give someone a leg up
            give someone an even break
            give someone an Inch and they'll
            take a mile
            give someone a piece or your

            mind
            someone a run for their
            money
            give someone a taste of their own
            medicine
            give someone a wide berth
            give someone both barrels
            give someone enough rope
            give someone enough rope to
            hang themselves
            give someone free rein
            give someone hell
            give someone stick
            give someone the benefit of the
            doubt
            give someone the bird
            give someone the boot
            give someone the bullet
            give someone the bum's rush
            give someone the cold shoulder
            give someone the finger
            give someone the flick
            give someone the flick pass
            give someone their head
            give someone the nod
            give someone the once-over
            give someone the push
            give someone the rough edge of
            your tongue
            give someone the rough side of
            give

            your tongue
            give someone the runaround
            give someone the third degree
            give something a whirl
            give something your best shot
            give the game away
            give the green light
            give up the ghoat
            give with one hand and take

            away with the other
            give your right arm
            give you the willies
            not give a boot
            not give a monkey's
            not give a tinker's cuss
            not give a tinker's damn
            not give a toss
            not give someone house room
            not give two hoots: see boot
            would give your eye teeth for
            something

            given
            be given the axe
            glad
            be glad to see the back of

            someone
            glance
            at first glance
            glass
            the glass celling
            people who live in glass houses

            shouldn't throw stones
            glasses

            rose-coloured glasses: see rosetinted
            gleam
            a gleam in your eye
            glister
            all that glisters is not gold
            glitter
            all that glitters Is not gold
            gloss
            put a gloss on something
            glove

            fit like a glove
            hand in glove
            an Iron fist In a velvet glove
            gloves
            the gloves are off
            handle someone with kid gloves
            take the gloves off

            treat someone with kid gloves
            glued

            with your eyes glued to
            something

            glutton

            a glutton for punishment
            gnash
            gnash your teeth
            gnashing
            wailing and gnashing of teeth
            weeping and gnashing of teeth
            gnat
            strain at a gnat
            strain at a gnat and swallow a
            camel
            go

            all dressed up with nowhere to
            go
            all systems go


                evince -p 475 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            go
            the balloon goes up
            bang goes something

            easy come, easy go

            from the word go
            go against the grain
            go along for the ride
            go ape

            go ape crazy
            go apeshit: see ape
            go around in circles
            go at it hammer and tongs
            go at someone hammer and tongs
            go back a long way
            go ballistic
            go begging
            go behind someone's back
            go belly-up
            go by the board
            go by the boards: see board
            go by the book
            go critical
            go deep
            go down in flames
            go down like a lead balloon
            go Dutch
            go easy on someone
            go easy on something
            go for hroke
            go for the Jugular
            go for the kill
            go for the throat: see Jugular
            go great guns
            go hog wild
            go in one ear and out the other
            go in to bat for someone
            go into freefall
            go into overdrive
            go into your shell
            go like a bomb
            go like hot cakes
            go nuclear
            go off at a tangent
            go off at half cock
            go off half-cocked
            go off on a tangent
            go off the deep end
            go on record
            go out of the window
            go out the window
            go out with the ark
            go over someone's head
            go places
            go round in circles
            go the distance
            go the extra mile
            go the full distance
            go the whole hog
            go through hell
            go through the celling, see roof
            go through the hoops
            go through the mill
            go through the motions
            go through the roof
            go through the wringer
            go to bat for someone
            go to earth
            go to ground
            go to hell
            go to bell in a handbasket
            go to pieces

            graces

            456

            go to pot
            go to seed
            go to the country
            go to the dogs
            go to the mat
            go to the stake
            go to the wall
            go to town
            go to your head
            go up in flames
            go up in smoke
            go up in the world
            go way back
            go west
            go whole bog
            go with a swing
            go with the flow
            go with the territory
            have a go at someone
            if Mohammed will not go to the
            mountain, the mountain must
            go to Mohammed
            pick up your marbles and go
            home
            touch and go
            what goes around comes around:
            see go
            goal

            an own goal
            goalposts

            good-for-nothing

            move the goalposts
            goat
            act the goat
            get someone's goal
            goats
            separate the sheep from the

            goats

            sort out the sheep from the goats
            god

            a little tin god
            a tin god
            God
            God's gift
            God's gift to someone
            God's gift to women
            play God
            gods
            in the lap of the gods
            going

            not know whether you are
            coming

            gold

            horse has gone
            here today, gone tomorrow
            good
            enough is as good as a feast
            for good measure
            give as good as you get
            good as gold
            good as new
            a good bet
            a good press
            have a good innings
            In good odour
            in someone's good books
            it's an ill wind that blows nobody
            any good
            no good to man or beast
            no news is good news
            put a good face on something
            the road to hell Is paved with
            good intentions
            take something In good part
            throw good money after bad
            you can't keep a good man
            down
            you can't keep a good woman
            down
            goodbye
            kiss goodbye to something
            say goodbye to something

            or going

            all that glisters is not gold
            all that glitters is not gold
            a crock of gold
            fool's gold
            gold dust
            good as gold
            a heart of gold
            a pot of gold
            the pot of gold at the end of the
            rainbow
            strike gold
            worth your weight in gold
            golden
            kill the golden goose
            kill the goose that lays the
            golden egg
            gone
            close the bam door after the

            good for-nothlng
            goods

            deliver the goods
            get the goods on someone
            have the goods on someone
            sell someone a bill of goods
            goose
            cook your goose
            kill the golden goose
            kill the goose that lays the
            golden egg
            what's sauce for the goose is
            sauce for the gander
            a wild goose chase
            wouldn't say boo to a goose
            your goose is cooked
            gooseberry
            play gooseberry

            Gordian
            cut the Gordian knot
            a Gordian knot
            gospel
            accept something as gospel
            the gospel truth
            take something as gospel
            got
            got it in one
            have got something taped
            like the cat that got the cream
            pull the other one, it's got bells

            on it

            grab
            grab someone by the throat
            grabs
            up for grabs

            grace
            fall from grace
            a saving grace
            graces
            airs and graces

            i


                evince -p 476 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            grade

            457

            put on airs and

            graces

            the grade

            grain
            inst the grain
            «parate the grain from the chaff
            take something with a grain of
            salt

            grandmother

            teach your grandmother to suck
            eggs

            grapes
            sour grapes

            grapevine

            hear something on the grapevine
            hear something through the
            grapevine

            grasp

            grasp at straws
            grasp the nettle

            grass

            the grass is always greener on
            the other side of the fence
            the grass roots

            green as grass
            the other man's grass is always
            greener
            put someone out to grass
            a snake in the grass
            watch grass grow
            grasshopper
            knee-high

            to a grasshopper

            grave
            dig your own grave
            from the cradle to the grave
            one foot in the grave
            turn in your grave
            turn over in your grave
            gravy
            a gravy train
            gray
            a gray area
            the men in gray suits
            grease
            elbow grease
            grease someone's palm
            grease the wheels
            greased
            like a greased pig
            like greased lightning

            greasy

            the greasy pole
            great
            go great guns
            great oaks from little acorns
            grow
            make great play of something
            no great shakes
            greatest

            the greatest thing since sliced
            bread

            Greek

            be all Greek to someone
            be Greek to someone
            green
            give the green light
            green around the gills
            green as grass
            green with envy
            have a green thumb

            have green fingers
            the rub of the green

            greener
            the grass Is always greener on
            the other side of the fence
            greener pastures
            the other man's grass is always
            greener
            grey
            a grey area
            the men in grey suits
            grim
            like grim death
            grin
            grin and bear it
            grin from ear to ear
            grin like a Cheshire cat
            grind
            grind your teeth
            have an axe to grind
            grinder
            the organ grinder's monkey
            grindstone
            keep your nose to the grindstone
            grip
            get a grip
            get a grip on something
            get a grip on yourself
            keep a grip on something
            keep a grip on yourself
            lose your grip
            take a grip on something
            grips
            come to grips with something
            get to grips with something
            grist
            grist for the mill
            grist to the mil]
            grit
            grit your teeth
            groove
            in a groove
            in the groove
            ground
            break ground
            break new ground
            cut the ground from under

            someone
            cut the ground from under
            someone's feet
            fall on stony ground
            feet on the ground
            find common ground
            gain ground

            get in on the ground floor
            get off the ground
            get something off the ground
            get your feet on the ground
            go to ground
            have your ear to the ground
            the high ground
            hit the ground running
            keep your ear to the ground
            lose ground
            make up lost ground
            the moral high ground

            on common ground
            on home ground
            prepare the ground
            run someone into the ground

            IliUl

            run someone to ground
            run something into the ground
            run yourself into the ground
            stamping ground
            stomping ground

            suit someone down to the ground
            thick on the ground
            thin on the ground
            grow
            great oaks from little acorns
            grow
            not grow on trees
            watch grass grow
            growing
            growing pains

            guard

            catch someone off guard
            drop your guard
            let your guard down
            lower your guard
            off guard
            off your guard
            the old guard
            on guard
            on your guard
            take someone off guard
            guest
            be my guest
            guinea
            a guinea pig

            gum
            up a gum tree
            gun
            a big gun. see guns
            hold a gun to someone's bead
            lump the gun
            put a gun to someone's head
            a smoking gun
            under the gun
            guns
            the big guns
            go great guna
            spike someone's guns
            stick to your guns
            with all guns blazing
            gut
            bust a gut
            guts
            spill your guts
            work your guts out
            hahits
            old habits die hard
            hackles
            raise someone's hackles
            someone's hackles rise
            Hades
            hot as Hades

            hair
            curl your hair
            a hair of the dog

            a hair of the dog that bit you
            a hair's breadth
            a hair shirt
            haven't seen bide nor hair of
            someone
            in your hair
            keep your hair on
            let your hair down
            make your hair curl
            make your hair stand on end


                evince -p 477 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            hairs
            not a hair out of place
            not turn a hair
            out of someone's hair
            pull your hair out
            put hair on the chest: see hairs
            someone's hair stands on end
            tear your hair out

            hairs
            by the short hairs
            put hairs on your chest
            split hairs

            halcyon
            halcyon days

            half
            go off at half cock
            half a loaf is better than none

            half an ear
            how the other half lives
            six of one and half a dozen of the
            other
            you can't be half pregnant
            your better half
            your other half
            half-cocked
            go off half-cocked
            halfway
            a halfway house
            meet someone halfway
            halves
            not do anything by halves

            not do things by halves
            hammer
            go at it hammer and tongs
            go at someone hammer and tongs
            hammer and tongs
            under the hammer
            hand
            the ace in your hand
            a big hand for someone
            a bird in the hand
            a bird in the hand is worth two
            in the bush
            bite the hand that feeds you
            bound hand and fool
            cap in hand
            caught with your hand in the
            cookie Jar
            count something on the fingers of
            one hand
            a dab hand
            the dead hand
            force someone's hand
            a free band
            get out of hand
            give someone a big hand
            give with one hand and take
            away with the other
            band in glove
            hand in hand
            hand over fist
            hand someone something on a
            plate
            hand the baton
            hat in hand
            have a hand in something
            have someone eating out of the
            palm of your hand
            have someone eating out of your
            hand
            have the whip hand

            harm

            458

            have to hand it to someone
            have your hand in the till

            a heavy hand
            hold someone's hand
            hold the whip hand
            in the hollow of your hand
            in the palm of your hand
            keep your hand In
            know something like the back of
            your hand
            lend a hand
            lend someone a hand
            live from hand to mouth
            live hand to mouth
            an old hand
            out of hand
            overplay your hand
            the right hand doesn't know
            what the left hand is doing
            show your hand
            a steady hand on the tiller
            take a hand in something
            take someone in hand
            throw in your hand
            try your hand at something
            turn your hand to something
            the upper hand
            wait on someone hand and foot
            with one hand tied behind your
            back
            your right hand man
            your right hand woman
            handbasket
            go to hell in a handbasket
            handle
            fly off the handle
            handle someone with kid gloves
            too hot to handle
            hands
            all hands on deck
            at the hands of someone
            beat someone hands down
            beat something hands down
            change hands
            dirty your hands
            fall Into someone's hands
            fall into the wrong hands
            get your bands dirty
            get your hands on
            have blood on your hands
            have bloody hands: see blood
            have your hands full
            have your hands tied
            in safe hands
            in your hands
            lay your hands on
            off your hands
            on your hands
            out of your hands
            play into someone's hands
            putty in your hands
            put your life in someone's hands
            rub your hands
            Safe hands
            a safe pair of hands
            shake hands on something
            sit on your hands
            something ties your hands
            sully your hands
            take the law into your own hands

            take your life in your hands
            time on your hands
            wash your hands of something
            win hands down
            with your bare hands
            with your hands tied behind your
            back: see hand
            wring your hands
            your hands are full
            your hands are tied
            your life is in someone's hands

            handsome
            handsome is as handsome does
            hand-to-mouth
            hand to-mouth

            handwriting
            the handwriting is on the wall
            hang
            get the hang of something
            give someone enough rope to
            hang themselves
            hang by a thread
            hang fire
            hang in the air
            hang loose
            hang on by your fingernails: see
            fingertips
            hang on by your fingertips
            hang over your bead
            bang someone out to dry
            hang up your boots
            let it all hang out
            a peg on which to hang
            something
            hanged
            might as well be hanged for a
            sheep as a lamb
            hanging
            an axe hanging over something
            be left hanging in the air

            ha'portb
            don't spoil the ship for a ha'porth
            of tar
            happy
            happy as a clam
            happy as a lark
            happy as a pig in muck
            happy as a sandboy
            happy as Larry

            hard
            between a rock and a hard place
            a hard act to follow
            hard as nails
            hard done by
            hard on the heels of something
            hard on your heels
            a hard row to hoe
            old habits die hard
            play hard to get
            the school of hard knocks
            hardball
            play hardball
            harden
            your heart hardens
            hare
            run with the hare and hunt with
            the hounds
            start a hare
            harm
            wouldn't harm a fiy

            1


                evince -p 478 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            harness
            "ÿharness
            Tom. Dick, and Harry
            harvp'1

            at the drop erf a hat

            eat your hat
            hat in hand
            keep

            fall bead over heels

            from head to foot
            from head to toe
            get in over your bead
            get your head around something
            get your head down

            someone their head
            go over someone's head
            go to your head
            hang over your head
            have eyes in the hack of your
            head
            have your head in the
            clouds
            have your bead screwed on
            have your head up your arse
            have your bead up your ass
            head and shoulders above

            give

            hflt

            something under your hat

            knock something into a cocked

            hat
            old hat

            pass the hat
            pass the hat around
            pull a rabbit out of the hat
            pull something out of the hat

            take your hat off to someone
            talk through your hat
            throw your hat into the ring

            hatch

            down the hatch

            hatched

            don't count your chickens before
            they're hatched

            hatches

            batten down the batches

            hatchet
            bury the hatchet
            a hatchet job
            a hatchet man
            hath
            hell hath no fury like a woman
            scorned
            hats
            hats off to someone see hat
            hatter
            mad as a hatter

            haul
            haul someone over the coals
            in something for the long haul
            a long haul

            over the long haul
            hawk
            watch someone like a hawk
            hay
            bit the hay
            make hay
            make bay while the sun shines

            haystack
            like looking for a needle in a
            haystack

            head
            hang your head against a brick
            wall
            bang your head against a wall
            be head over heels
            be in over your bead
            be over someone's head
            bite someone's head off
            bring something to a head
            bury your head in the sand
            can do something standing on
            your head
            cannot make bead or tail of
            something

            come to a head

            a cool head
            do your head in

            hedge

            459

            someone
            a head of steam
            head to head
            hit the nail on the head
            hold a gun to someone's head
            keep your head
            keep your head above water
            keep your head below the
            parapet
            keep your head down
            knock something on the head
            laugh your bead off

            like a bear with a sore head
            like a chicken with its head cut
            off
            lose your bead
            need something like a hole in the
            head
            not right in the bead
            off the top of your head
            off your head
            on your head
            out of your head
            put a gun to someone's head
            put your head above the parapet
            put your head in a noose
            put your head into the lion's
            mouth
            put your head on the block
            raise its head
            rear its head
            rear its ugly head
            a rush of blood to the head
            scratch your head
            shout your head off
            snap someone's bead off
            stand something on its bead
            stick your head in a noose
            talk over someone's head
            turn something on its head
            with your head m the clouds
            headed
            be headed for a foil
            heading
            be heading for a fall

            headless
            like a headless chicken
            headlights
            like a deer caught in the
            headlights

            like a rabbit caught in the
            headlights

            heads
            hang people's heads together

            heads roll
            knock people's beads together
            put your heads together
            turn heads
            headway
            make headway

            health
            a clean bill of health
            heap

            the bottom of the heap
            the top of the heap
            hear
            hear something on the grapevine
            hear something through the
            grapevine

            heart

            at the bottom of your heart
            a bleeding heart
            break your heart

            a broken heart
            a change of heart
            dose to your heart
            cross my heart
            cry your heart out
            dear to your heart
            eat your heart out
            from the bottom of your heart
            harden your heart

            a heart of gold
            in your heart of hearts
            lose heart
            lose your heart
            near and dear to your heart
            open your heart
            pour out your heart
            set your heart on something
            take something to heart
            warm the cockles of your heart
            wear your heart on your sleeve
            work your heart out
            your heart bleeds for someone
            your heart hardens
            your heart is in the right place
            your heart is In your mouth
            your heart isn't tn something

            hearts
            in your heart of hearts
            heartstrings
            tug at the heartstrings

            heat
            the heat is on
            if you cant stand the heat, get
            out of the kitchen
            in the beat of the moment
            tum up the heat on someone
            heather
            set the heather an fire
            heaven
            in seventh heaven
            move heaven and earth

            heavens
            the heavens open
            heavy

            a heavy hand
            make heavy weather of
            something

            hedge
            hedge your bets


                evince -p 479 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            heel
            heel

            someone to heel
            call someone to heel
            bring

            down at-heel

            heels
            at your heels
            be head over heels
            close on the heels of something
            close on your heels
            cool your heels
            dig in your heels
            down at-the-heels
            drag your heels
            fall head over heels
            hard on the heels of something
            hard on your heels
            hot on the heels of something
            hot on your heels
            kick up your heels
            kick your heels
            rock you back on your heels
            set you back on your heels
            show a clean pair or heels
            take to your heels
            heights
            the dizzy heights
            dizzying heights

            hell
            all bell breaks loose
            all hell breaks out
            come hell or high water
            from hell
            give someone bell
            go through hell
            go to hell
            go to hell in a handbasket
            hell for leather
            hell freezes over
            hell hath no fury like a woman
            scorned
            hell on earth
            hot as hell
            Just for the hell of it
            like a bat out of hell
            a living hell
            not a cat in hell's chance
            not a snowball's chance in
            hell
            not have a chance in hell
            play hell
            play bell with something
            play merry hell
            play merry hell with something
            put someone through hell
            raise hell
            the road to hell is paved with
            good intentions

            shot to hell
            there'll be hell to pay
            there'll be merry hell to pay
            through hell and back
            through bell and high water
            to hell and back
            hen
            rare as hen's teeth
            scarce as hen's teeth
            herd
            ride herd on someone
            here
            the buck stops here

            hole

            460

            here today, gone tomorrow
            neither here nor there
            herring
            a red herring
            hidden
            a hidden agenda
            hide
            haven't seen hide nor hair of

            someone

            hide your light under a bushel
            hiding
            on a hiding to nothing
            high
            blow something sky-high
            come down off your high horse
            come hell or high water
            for the high Jump
            get on your high horse
            high as a kite
            the high ground
            a high profile
            hunt high and low for something
            in high dudgeon
            in high places
            knee-high to a grasshopper
            leave someone high and dry
            live high on the hog
            the moral high ground
            ride high
            ride high in the saddle
            search high and low for
            something
            take the high road
            through hell and high water
            highway
            highway robbery

            hike
            take a hike: see walk

            hill
            not amount to a hill of beans
            over the hill
            hills
            old as the hills
            hilt
            to the hilt
            up to the hilt
            hind
            talk the hind leg off a donkey
            hindmost
            the devil take the hindmost
            every man for himself and the
            devil take the hindmost
            hip

            fire from the hip

            Joined at the hip

            shoot from the hip
            history
            be history
            the rest is history
            hit
            hit a home run
            hit and miss
            hit a nerve
            hit home
            hit it off
            hit it on the nail
            a hit list
            hit or miss
            hit pay dirt
            hit rock bottom

            hit someone for six
            hit the big time
            hit the bottle
            hit the buffers
            hit the celling: see roof
            hit the deck
            hit the ground running
            hit the hay
            hit the Jackpot
            hit the mark
            hit the nail on the head
            hit the road
            hit the roof
            hit the sack
            hit the spot
            hit the wall
            hit your stride
            make a hit
            the shit hits the fan

            hitch
            hitch your wagon to a star
            hitch your wagon to someone
            hoary

            a hoary old chestnnt
            Hobson
            Hobson's choice
            hoe
            a hard row to hoe
            a tough row to hoe
            bog
            go bog wild
            go the whole hog
            go whole hog
            live high on the hog

            hoist
            hoist by your own petard
            hold
            can't hold a candle to someone
            get hold of the wrong end of the
            stick
            hold a gun to someone's head
            hold all the aces
            hold body and soul together
            hold court
            hold down the fort
            hold fire
            hold no hrief for something
            hold someone on a tight rein
            hold someone's hand
            hold someone to ransom
            hold something at bay
            hold the fort
            hold the purse strings
            hold the whip hand
            hold your breath
            hold your end up
            hold your fire
            hold your horses
            hold your own
            hold your tongue
            not hold water
            on hold
            holding
            leave someone holding the baby
            leave someone holding the bag

            holds

            no-holds-barred

            hole

            blow a hole in something
            burn a hole in your pocket


                evince -p 480 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            ftole-and-corner
            have an ace
            a bole card
            in
            jn

            In the hole

            a hole
            the hole
            something like a hole in the

            head
            out of a hole
            square peg in a round hole

            „

            hole-and-corner

            hole-and-corner
            liole-in-l he-comer

            hole- inthe-comer
            holes
            more holes than Swiss cheese

            pick holes in something
            holiday
            a busman's holiday

            holies

            the holy of holies

            hollow

            beat someone hollow
            have a hollow ring
            in the hollow of your hand
            ring hollow
            sound hollow
            holy
            the holy of holies
            home
            at borne
            bring home the bacon
            bring something home to

            someone

            charity begins at home
            the chickens come home to roost
            close to home
            come home to roost
            eat someone out of house and

            home
            an Englishman's home is his
            castle
            hit a home run
            hit home
            home and dry
            home and hosed
            the home straight
            the home stretch
            the lights are on but nobody Is at
            home
            make yourself at home
            nothing to write home about

            on home ground

            pick up your marbles and go

            home
            something to write home about
            strike home
            until the cows come home

            honest

            honest as the day is long
            honey
            the land of milk and honey
            milk and honey

            hoof
            on the hoof
            hook
            by hook or by crook
            book, line, and sinker
            off the hook
            on your own hook
            ring oft the hook
            sling your hook

            h.

            ice

            461

            hooks
            get your hooks into someone
            hoops
            go through the hoops
            Jump through hoops

            hoot
            not give a hoot
            boots
            not give two hoots: see hoot
            hop
            catch someone on the hop
            have someone on the hop
            a hop and a skip
            a hop, skip, and a jump
            keep someone on the hop

            horizon

            on the horizon
            horn
            blow your own horn
            hornet
            mad as a hornet
            stir up a hornet's nest
            horns
            draw in your horns
            the horns of a dilemma
            lock horns
            pull in your horns
            take the hull by the horns

            horse
            back the wrong horse
            beat a dead horse
            close the bam door after the
            horse has gone
            close the stable door after the
            horse has bolted
            come down oft your high horse
            a dark horse
            eat like a horse
            flog a dead horse
            from the horse's mouth
            get on your high horse
            look a gift horse in the mouth
            a one-horse race
            a one-horse town
            put the cart before the horse

            a stalking horse
            strong as a horse
            a Trojan horse
            you can lead a horse to water but
            you can't make him drink
            horses
            change horses in midstream
            drive a coach and horses through
            something

            hold your horses
            horses for courses
            ride two horses at once
            ride two horses at the same time
            switch horses in midstream
            wild horses
            hosed
            home and hosed
            hostage

            a hostage to fortune
            hot
            blow hot and cold
            a cat on a hot tin roof
            a cat on hot bricks
            do something more than someone
            has had hot dinners

            drop something like a hot brick:
            see potato
            drop something like a hot potato
            go like hot cakes
            hot abbot
            and bothered
            hot and cold
            hot as Hades
            hot as hell
            a hot button
            hot on the heels of something
            hot on your heels
            a hot potato
            hot under the collar

            in hot water
            in the hot seat
            like a hot knife through butter
            sell like hot cakes
            strike while the Iron is hot
            too hot to handle

            hotcakes
            sell like hotcakes: see hot cakes
            hots
            get the hots for someone
            have the hots for someone
            hounds
            run with the bare and hunt with
            the hounds
            hour
            the eleventh hour
            house
            bring the house down
            eat someone out of house and
            home
            get on like a house on fire
            get your house in order
            a halfway house
            a house of cards
            not give someone house room
            put your house in order

            houses
            people who live in glass houses

            shouldn't throw stones
            round the houses
            safe as houses

            bowl
            howl at the moon
            hue
            a hue and cry
            huff
            In a huff
            humble
            eat humble pie
            hump
            get the hump
            over the hump

            hunt
            hunt high and low for something

            run with the hare and hunt with
            the hounds

            hurt

            wouldn't hurt a fly
            hymn
            sing from the same hymn sheet
            i
            dot the i's and cross the t's
            ice
            break the Ice
            cold as ice
            cut no ice


                evince -p 481 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            iceberg
            on Ice
            put something on Ice
            skate on thin Ice
            iceberg
            the tip of the Iceberg
            icing
            the Icing on the cake

            ill
            it's an ill wind
            it's an ill wind that blows nobody
            any good
            Image
            the spit and image
            the spitting image: see spit

            Inch

            come within an inch of doing
            something

            cookie jar

            JeU-O
            like trying to nail JeU-O to the
            wall

            Jewel
            the Jewel In someone's crown
            Job
            a devil of a job
            the devil's own job
            do a Job on someone
            don't give up the day job

            a full time job
            a hatchet job
            a snow job
            jobs

            Jobs for the boys
            Jobs for the girls

            Johnny-come-lately
            Johnny-come-lately

            someone an Inch and they'll
            take a mile
            to within an Inch of your life
            Indian
            an Indian summer

            Join

            Indians

            Joined

            give

            too many chiefs and not enough
            Indians
            Injury

            add insult to injury

            Ink
            bleed red Ink
            Innings
            have a good Innings
            1ns
            the 1ns and outs
            inside
            have the Inside track
            know something inside and out
            know something inside out

            Insult
            add insult to Injury
            intentions
            the road to hell is paved with
            good intentions

            Inverted
            in inverted commas
            in-your-face
            in-your-face

            Iron
            cast Iron
            an iron fist

            an Iron fist in a velvet glove
            strike while the iron is hot
            irons
            have a lot of irons in the fire
            Itchy
            itchy feet
            itchy fingers
            ivory
            an ivory tower

            Jack

            before you could say Jack
            Robinson
            a Jack of all trades
            jackpot
            hit the Jackpot
            jam

            Jam today
            Jam tomorrow
            money for Jam

            jar

            caught with your hand in the

            keg

            462

            Join battle

            join the club

            joined at the htp

            Joint

            put someone's nose out of Joint
            joker
            the Joker in the pack

            Joneses

            keep up with the Joneses

            Jowl

            cheek by jowl
            Judge
            sober as a judge
            you can't judge a book by Its

            cover
            Judgement: see Judgment
            Judgment
            sit in Judgment
            Juggle
            juggle balls In the air
            Jugular
            go for the Jugular

            Juice

            let someone stew in their own

            Juice

            Jump
            for the high jump
            get a Jump on someone
            a hop. skip, and a jump
            jump down someone's throat
            jump

            on the bandwagon

            jump out of your skin
            jump ship
            jump the gun
            jump the rails
            jump through hoops
            Jump up and down
            see which way the cat jumps
            take a running jump
            Jungle
            the law of the jungle

            Jury
            the jury is still out
            just
            just deserts
            kangaroos
            kangaroos in your top paddock

            keel
            on an even keel

            keen
            keen as mustard
            keep
            can't keep your eyes off
            earn its keep
            keep a grip on something
            keep a grip on yourself
            keep a low profile
            keep a straight face
            keep a tight rein on someone
            keep a weather eye on somethin*
            keep balls In the air
            keep body and soul together

            someone

            keep someone ui the picture
            keep someone on a string
            keep someone on the hop
            keep someone posted
            keep someone sweet
            keep something at bay
            keep something dark
            keep something in mind
            keep something under wraps
            keep something under your bat
            keep tabs on someone
            keep the flag flying
            keep the lid on something
            keep the pot boiling
            keep the show on the road

            keep the wolf from the door
            keep track of something
            keep up with the Joneses
            keep you on your toes
            keep your cards close to the vest
            keep your cards close to your
            chest
            keep your chin up
            keep your cool
            keep your ear to the ground
            keep your end up
            keep your eye on the ball
            keep your eyes open
            keep your eyes peeled
            keep your eyes skinned
            keep your finger on the pulse
            keep your fingers crossed
            keep your hair on
            keep your hand in
            keep your head
            keep your head above water
            keep your head below the

            parapet
            your
            your
            your
            your

            keep
            keep
            keep
            keep
            keep
            keep
            keep
            keep
            keep

            head down

            nose clean
            nose out of something
            nose to the grindstone
            your pants on: see shirt
            your pecker up

            your powder dry
            your shirt on
            your wits about you
            you can't keep a good man down
            you can't keep a good woman

            down
            keeper

            not someone's keeper
            not your brother's keeper
            keepers

            finders keepers
            keg
            sit

            on a

            powder keg


                evince -p 482 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            lambs

            463

            kitchen

            h£yonc! your ken
            kettle or fish
            h*nofher
            ‘different kettle of fish

            a
            of fish
            a fioe kettle
            calling the kettle black
            ,he not
            ,h
            of fish
            a prc"> kettle

            Kiboshthe kibosh on something
            pUI

            the pricks
            k'kkick
            ick against
            ass

            _

            kick butt
            kick in the butt
            a kick in the teeth
            kick over the traces
            kick someone in the teeth
            kick someone upstairs
            kick someone when they are
            down

            kick something into touch
            kick »he bncket
            a kick up the backside
            kick up your heels
            kick your heels
            kicking
            alive and kicking

            kick-off

            for a kick off
            kid
            handle someone with kid
            gloves
            like a kid In a candy store
            treat someone with kid gloves
            Kilkenny
            fight like Kilkenny cats
            kill
            dressed to kill
            go for the kill
            in at the kill
            in on the kill
            kill someone with kindness
            kill the fatted calf
            kill the golden goose
            kill the goose that lays the
            golden egg
            kill two birds with one stone
            move in for the kill

            killed

            curiosity killed the cat

            killing

            make a killing

            kindness

            kill someone with kindness
            king
            a king's ransom
            iive like a king

            kingdom
            blow someone to kingdom come

            kiss

            kiss and make up
            kiss ass
            kiss goodbye to something
            the kiss of death
            kiss someone's ass

            kiss-and-tell
            kiss-and-tell
            k.t

            the whole kit and caboodle

            everything but the kitchen sink
            if you can't stand the beat, get

            out of the kitchen
            too many cooks in the kitchen
            kite
            fly a kite
            high as a kite

            kittens
            have kittens
            knee
            on bended knee: see knees
            knee-high
            knee-high to a grasshopper
            knees
            the bee's knees
            be on its knees
            be on your knees
            bring someone to their knees
            bring something to its knees
            down on your knees
            knell
            the death knell sounds
            sound the death knell
            knickers
            get your knickers in a twist
            have your knickers in a twist
            knife
            before you could say knife
            like a hot knife through butter
            like a knife through butter
            put the knife in
            stick the knife in
            twist the knife
            twist the knife In the wound
            you could cut the atmosphere
            with a knife
            knife-edge
            on a knife-edge
            walk a knife-edge
            knight

            a knight In shining armour
            knitting
            stick to your knitting

            knives
            have the knives out
            the knives are out
            knock
            knock at your door
            knock 'em dead
            knock on the door
            knock on wood
            knock people's beads together
            knock someone dead
            knock someone for a loop
            knock someone for six
            knock someone off their pedestal
            knock someone sideways
            knock something Into a cocked
            hat
            knock something into shape
            knock something on the head
            knock something sideways
            knock spots off something
            knock the socks off someone
            knock the stuffing out of

            someone

            knock wood
            knock you off your perch
            knock your socks off

            knock-down
            a knock-down drag-out fight
            knocked
            you could have knocked me down
            with a feather
            knocking

            come knocking at your door
            knocks
            the school of hard knocks

            knot

            cut the Gordian knot
            a Gordian knot
            tie the knot
            knots
            at a rate of knots
            tie someone in knots
            tie yourself in knots
            know
            better the devil you know
            better the devil you know than
            the devil you don't
            know how many beans make five
            know something backwards
            know something backwards and
            forwards
            know something inside and out
            know something Inside out
            know something like the back of
            your hand
            know the ropes
            know the score
            know which side your bread is
            buttered
            know your onions
            not know someone from Adam
            not know the meaning of the
            word
            not know whether you are
            coming

            or going

            not know your arse from your
            elbow
            not know your ass from your
            elbow
            the right hand doesn't know
            what the left hand is doing

            knuckle
            near the knuckle
            knuckles
            rap someone on the knuckles
            rsp someone's knuckles

            labor: see labour
            labour
            a labour of love
            lads
            one of the lads
            lady
            it isn't

            over until the fat

            lady

            sings

            lam

            on the lam
            lamb

            as a lamb
            in two shakes of a lamb's tail
            like a lamb
            might as well be hanged for a
            sheep as a lamb
            mutton dressed as lamb

            gentle

            quiet as a lamb
            lambs
            like lambs to the slaughter


                evince -p 483 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            lame
            lame
            a lame duck
            land
            the fat of the land
            land in your lap
            the land of milk and honey
            land on your feet
            the lay of the land
            the lie of the land
            land-office
            do a land-office business
            landscape
            a blot on the landscape
            lane
            the fast lane
            the slow lane
            lap
            be thrown into your lap
            drop into your lap
            fall into your lap
            in the lap of luxury
            in the lap of the gods
            land in your lap
            large
            large as life
            larger
            larger than life

            lark
            bappy as a lark
            up with the lark
            Larry
            happy as Larry
            lashing
            tongue-lashing

            last
            drinking in the last chance

            saloon
            famous last words
            have the last laugh
            the last chance saloon
            last ditch
            last gasp
            the last nail in the coffin
            the last straw
            the last straw that breaks the
            camel's back
            let the cobbler stick to his last
            on your last legs
            stick to your last

            late
            late in the day
            lately
            Johnny-come lately

            lather
            in a lather
            laugh
            have the last laugh
            laugh all the way to the bank
            laugh like a drain
            laugh on the other side of your
            face
            laugh out of the other side of
            your mouth
            laugh up your sleeve
            laugh your head off
            laughed
            laughed out of court
            laundry
            air your dirty laundry in public
            dirty laundry

            let

            464

            a laundry list
            laurels
            look to your laurels
            not rest on your laurels
            law
            the law of the jungle
            a law unto yourself
            lay down the law
            the letter of the law
            someone's word is law
            take the law Into your own hands
            lay

            kill the goose that lays the
            golden egg
            lay an egg
            lay down the law
            lay down tools
            lay it on the line
            lay It on thick
            lay it on with a trowel
            the lay of the land
            lay something at someone's door
            lay something on the line
            lay the ghost of something
            lay your cards on the table
            lay your hands on
            lay yourself wide open
            not Lay a finger on someone

            lead
            go down like a lead balloon
            have lead in your pencil
            a lead balloon
            lead someone by the nose
            lead someone down the garden
            path

            lead someone up the garden path
            lead the field
            lead with your chin
            lead you a merry chase see
            dance
            lead you a merry dance
            one thing leads to another
            put lead In your pencil
            swing the lead
            you can lead a horse to water but
            you can't make him drink
            leading
            the blind leading the blind

            a leading light
            leaf
            a fig leaf
            take a leaf out of someone's book
            turn over a new leaf
            lean
            lean on your oars
            leap
            a leap in the dark
            leaps
            by leaps and bounds
            in leaps and bounds
            learn
            learn the ropes

            least
            least said, soonest mended
            leather
            hell for leather
            leave
            leave a bad taste in your mouth
            leave a mark
            leave no stone unturned
            leave someone cold
            leave someone high and dry
            leave someone holding the baby
            leave someone holding the bag
            leave someone In the lurch

            leave someone to stew
            leave the nest
            leave your mark
            leave yourself wide open
            leaving
            like a rat leaving a sinking ahip
            left
            be left hanging in the air
            left and right
            left, right and centre
            left to your own devices
            out in left field
            out of left field
            the right hand doesn't know
            what the left hand is doing

            left-field
            left field
            leg
            break a leg
            cost an arm and a leg
            get a leg up
            gel your leg over
            give someone a leg up
            have a leg up
            not have a leg to stand on
            pull someone's leg
            talk the hind leg off a donkey
            legs
            have legs
            on your last legs
            with your tall between your legs

            lend
            lend a hand
            lend an ear to someone
            lend someone a hand
            length
            at arm's length
            leopard
            a leopard does not change Its
            spots

            less

            a new lease of life
            a new lease on life
            leash

            there's less to something than
            meets the eye
            lesser
            the lesser evil: see evils
            the lesser of two evils
            let
            let it all hang out
            let off steam
            let rip
            let sleeping dogs lie
            let someone stew
            let someone stew in their own

            a longer leash
            on a short leash
            on a tight leash
            strain at the leash

            let the cat out of the bag
            let the cobbler stick to his last
            let the genie out of the bottle

            lease

            juice

            A


                evince -p 484 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            down
            let the side
            guard down
            your
            1
            down
            let y°ur hair

            letter letter
            a dead

            fhe letter of the law
            a red letter day
            to the letter

            level

            a level playing field

            level the playing field

            on the level

            licence
            a licence to print money
            license: see licence
            lick
            lick someone's arse
            lick someone's boots

            someone's shoes: see boots
            something into shape
            your chops: see Ups
            your Ups
            lick your wounds
            lid
            blow the Ud off
            flip your lid
            keep the Ud on something
            lift the Ud off
            put the Ud on something
            put the tin Ud on something
            take the Ud off
            lick
            lick
            lick
            lick

            lie
            let sleeping dogs lie
            lie at the bottom of something
            the lie of the land
            lie through your teeth
            live a Ue

            a living Ue
            nail a lie
            therein lies the rub
            a white Ue
            you have made your bed and will
            have to lie on it
            Ufe
            big as life: see large
            bigger than life: see larger
            can't do something to save your
            I illfight for your Ufe

            frighten the Ufe out of someone

            a Ufe
            it's a dog's Ufe
            large as life
            larger than Ufe
            the Ufe and soul of the party
            life is a bowl of cherries
            the Ufe of the party
            live the Ufe of Riley
            a new lease of Ufe
            a new lease on Ufe
            put your life in someone's hands
            risk Ufe and Umb
            scare the Ufe out of someone
            shelf Ufe
            take your life in your hands
            to within an inch of your life
            variety is the spice of Ufe
            your Ufe is in someone's hands
            lift
            lift the Ud off
            get

            live

            465

            letter

            lift the roof
            not lift a finger
            light
            give the green light
            hide your light under a bushel
            in the cold light of day
            a leading light
            light a fire under someone
            light as a feather
            the light at the end of the

            shoot a line
            sign on the dotted line
            sign on the line
            step out of line
            a thin line
            toe the line
            way out of line

            linen
            dirty linen
            wash your dirty linen in public

            tunnel
            light dawns
            light the blue touch paper
            light the fuse
            light the touch paper
            out like a light

            tines

            see the light
            see the light of day

            lining
            every cloud has a silver lining
            a silver lining

            lightning
            lightning does not strike twice
            a lightning rod for something
            like greased lightning
            like lightning
            quick as lightning

            along the right lines
            the battle lines are drawn
            get your lines crossed
            on the right lines
            read between the lines

            link

            Uke

            a weak link
            a weak link in the chain
            lion
            Daniel in the lion's den
            fight like a lion
            the lion's share
            put your head into the lion's
            mouth

            like it or lump it
            Illy
            gild the Uly

            lions
            throw someone to the lions

            lights
            the lights are on but nobody is at

            home

            limb
            on a Umb
            out on a Umb
            risk life and limb
            tear someone Umb from limb
            limit
            the aky's the limit
            limits
            off limits
            line
            all along the line
            all the way down the line
            along the line
            be on the line
            the bottom line
            cross the line
            down the line
            draw a line under something
            draw the Une
            the end of the line
            a fine Une

            a line on someone
            have a Une on someone
            book. line, and sinker
            in the firing Une

            get

            in the front line
            in the Une of fire
            lay it on the Une
            lay something on the Une
            Une your pockets
            a narrow line
            not your Une of country

            on Une
            on the front Une
            out of Une
            out of the firing line
            put something on the Une
            put your ass on the Une
            put your neck on the Une

            walk into the lion's den

            UP

            button your Up

            lip service to something
            pay Up service to something
            a stiff upper lip
            there is many a slip twixt cup
            give

            and lip
            lips

            lick your Ups
            on someone's lips
            read someone's Ups
            seal someone's lips
            someone's lips are sealed
            list

            a hit list
            a laundry list
            a shopping list
            litmus
            a litmus test
            little

            great oaks (bom little acorns
            grow
            a little bird told me
            little love lost
            a little Un god
            twist someone around your little
            finger
            wrap someone around your little
            finger

            Uve
            Uve a Ue
            Uve and breathe something
            live from hand to mouth
            live hand to mouth
            Uve high on the hog
            live in a fool's paradise
            Uve in each other's pockets
            live Uke a king
            live off the backs of someone


                evince -p 485 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            lives
            live on borrowed time
            live on your nerve ends: see

            nerves
            live on your nerves
            live the life of Riley
            live to tell the tale
            a live wire
            people who live in glass houses
            shouldn't throw stones
            lives
            have nine lives
            how the other half lives
            living
            beat the living daylights out of

            someone

            a living death
            a living hell
            a living lie
            scare the living daylights out of

            someone

            load
            a load off your mind
            load the dice against someone
            loaded
            loaded for bear
            play with a loaded deck
            loaf
            half a loaf is better than none
            lock
            lock horns
            lock, stock, and barrel

            locker
            one shot

            made

            466

            in

            your locker

            log

            easy as falling off a log
            simple as falling off a log
            loggerheads
            at loggerheads

            loins
            gird your loins

            lone
            a lone voice in the wilderness
            a lone wolf
            plough a lone furrow
            lonely
            plough a lonely furrow
            long
            by a long chalk
            by a long shot
            go back a long way
            honest as the day is long
            In something for the long haul
            long as your arm
            a long face
            a long haul
            long in the tooth
            long on one thing and short on
            another
            a long shot
            not long for this world
            over the long haul
            to cut a long story short
            to make a long story short
            your long suit
            longer
            a longer leash
            look
            a black look
            a dirty look
            a filthy look

            look
            look
            look
            look
            look

            after number one
            a gift horse in the mouth
            a million dollars
            daggers at someone
            down your nose at

            something

            look like a drowned rat
            look like something the cat
            dragged in
            look on the bright side
            look out for number one
            look someone in the eye
            look someone in the eyes: see eye
            look someone in the face
            look the other way
            look the part
            look to your laurels
            look what the cat's dragged in
            make someone look small

            looked
            have never looked back
            looking
            like looking for a needle in a
            haystack
            loop
            knock someone for a loop
            throw someone for a loop

            loose
            all hell breaks loose
            at a loose end
            at loose ends see end
            cut loose
            hang loose
            have a screw loose
            a loose cannon
            loose ends
            on the loose
            play fast and loose

            loosen
            loosen the purse strings
            lorry
            off the back of a lorry

            lose
            lose face
            lose ground
            lose heart
            lose sight of something
            lose the battle, win the war
            lose track of someone
            lose your cool
            lose your edge
            lose your grip
            lose your head
            lose your heart
            lose your marbles
            lose your rag
            lose your shirt
            not lose any sleep over
            something
            what you lose on the swings you
            gain on the roundabouts
            win the battle, lose the war
            losing
            fight a losing battle
            loss
            at a loss
            at a loss for words
            a dead loss
            losses
            cut your losses

            lost
            little love lost
            lost for words
            lost in the shuffle
            make up lost ground
            no love lost
            lot
            all over the lot
            cast your lot with someone
            get a lot of stick
            have a lot of irons in the fire
            have a lot cm your plate
            throw in your lot with someone

            loud
            loud and clear
            louder
            actions speak louder than words
            love
            all's fair in love and war
            cupboard love

            for love nor money
            a labour of love
            little love lost
            the love of money is the root of
            all evil
            no love lost
            low
            at a low ebb
            hunt high and low for something
            keep a low profile
            search high and low for
            something
            take the low road

            lower
            lower your guard
            lowest
            at your lowest ebb
            luck
            be pot luck
            down on your luck
            the luck of the draw
            take pot lnck
            lucky
            strike lucky
            lull
            the lull before the storm
            lump
            bring a lump to your throat
            have to lump it
            like it or lump it
            a lump in your throat

            lunch
            out to lunch
            there's no such thing as a free
            lunch
            lurch
            leave someone in the lurch
            luxury
            in the lap of luxury
            lying
            not take something lying down

            mackerel
            a sprat to catch a mackerel
            mad
            don't get mad. get even
            mad as a hatter
            mad as a hornet
            made
            they broke the mould when they
            made someone

            i


                evince -p 486 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            have made your bed and will
            you
            y
            lie on it

            have to

            °an”ye forchancemaln chance
            the main

            make head or tail of
            "'clmnot
            something

            empty vessels make the most

            noise

            empty vessels make the most

            sound

            kiss and make up
            know how many beans make five
            make a beeline for something
            make a big play of something
            make a clean breast of something
            make a clean sweep
            make a dent in something
            make a face
            make a hit
            make a killing
            make a mark
            make a meal of something
            make a monkey out of someone
            make a mountain out of a
            molehill
            make a name for yourself
            make a pig of yourself
            make a pig's ear of something
            make a pitch
            make a play for
            make a production of something
            make a rod for your own back
            make a song and dance about
            something
            make a splash
            make bricks without straw
            make ends meet
            make eyes at someone
            make great play of something
            make hay
            make hay while the sun shines
            make headway
            make heavy weather of
            something
            make mincemeat of someone
            make my day
            make no bones about something
            make noises
            make sheep's eyes
            make someone feel small
            make someone look small
            make someone's day
            make the grade
            make the right noises
            make tracks
            make up lost ground
            make your blood boil
            make your blood freeze
            make your blood run cold
            make your flesh crawl
            make your flesh creep
            make your hair curl
            make your hair stand on end
            make your mark
            make your mouth water
            make yourself at borne
            make your skin crawl
            make your toes curl

            men

            467

            main
            make waves

            one swallow doesn't make a

            summer

            to make a long story short
            you can lead a horse to water but
            you can't make him drink
            you can't make an omelette
            without breaking eggs
            you can't make a silk purse out
            of a sow's ear

            man

            a meat market

            marrow

            chilled to the marrow
            frozen to the marrow
            to the marrow

            mast
            nail your colours to the mast

            masters
            not serve two masters
            mat
            go to the mat

            a drowning man will clutch at a
            straw: see straws
            every man for himself and the
            devil take the hindmost
            every man has his price

            match
            meet your match
            a shouting match
            the whole shooting match

            a hatchet man
            the man in the street
            a man of straw
            the man on the Clapham
            omnibus
            no good to man or beast
            no use to man or beast
            a one-man band
            one man's meat is another man's

            mind over matter
            McCoy
            the real McCoy

            poison
            the other man's grass is always
            greener

            a straw man
            you can't keep a good man down
            your right hand man

            manger

            dog- in the manger

            map

            on the map
            marbles
            have all your marbles
            lose your marbles
            pick up your marbles and go
            home
            march
            march to a different drummer
            march to a different tune
            march to the beat of a different
            drummer
            steal a march
            marching
            marching orders

            mark
            a black mark
            first off the mark
            get off the mark
            hit the mark
            leave a mark
            leave your mark
            make a mark
            make your mark
            mark time
            off the mark
            on the mark
            overshoot the mark
            overstep the mark
            a question mark
            quick off the mark
            slow off the mark
            up to the mark
            wide of the mark
            market
            a cattle market
            In the market for something

            matter

            meal
            make a meal of something
            a meal ticket
            a square meal

            mean
            mean business
            mean curtains
            meaning
            not know the meaning of the

            word

            means
            by

            (air

            means or foul

            measure

            for good measure
            have the measure of

            someone

            meat
            dead meat
            meat and drink to someone
            the meat in the sandwich
            a meat market
            one man's meat is another man's
            poison

            medicine
            give

            someone a dose of their own

            medicine
            give someone s taste of their

            own

            medicine

            meet
            make ends meet
            meet someone face to face
            meet someone halfway
            meet someone's eye: see eyes
            meet someone's eyes
            meet your match
            meet your Waterloo
            never the twain shall meet
            there's less to something than
            meets the eye
            there's more to something than
            meets the eye
            melt
            butter wouldn't melt in your
            mouth
            melting
            in the melting pot

            men
            dead men's shoes
            dead men tell no tales
            the men in grey suits
            the men in suits
            separate the men from the boys


                evince -p 487 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            mend
            sort out the men from the boys
            mend
            mend fences
            mend your ways
            mended
            least said, soonest mended
            merry
            lead you a merry chase: see
            dance
            lead you a merry dance
            play merry hell
            play merry hell with something
            there'll be merry hell to pay

            mess
            a mess of pottage
            messenger
            shoot the messenger
            mice
            when the cat's away, the mice
            will play
            mick
            take the mick: see mickey
            mickey
            take the mickey

            middle
            in the middle of nowhere
            out in the middle of nowhere
            the piggy in the middle
            play both ends against the middle

            middle-of-the-road
            middle of the-road
            midnight
            burn the midnight oil
            midstream
            change horses in midstream
            switch horses in midstream
            mile
            give someone an Inch and they'll
            take a mile
            go the extra mile
            a mile away
            a mile off
            run a mile

            miles
            miles away

            milk
            it's no use crying over spilled
            milk

            the land of milk and honey
            milk and honey
            milk and water

            mill
            go through the mill
            grist for the mill
            grist to the mill
            put through the mill
            run-of the-mill
            million
            a chance in a million
            feel like a million dollars
            look a million dollars
            one in a million
            a one in a million chance
            millstone
            a millstone around your neck
            mince
            not mince your words
            thick as mince
            mincemeat
            make mincemeat of someone

            mouth

            468

            mind
            bear something In mind
            blow your mind
            cross your mind
            get your mmd around something:
            see bead
            give someone a piece of your
            mlnd
            have a one-track mind
            In your mind's eye
            in your right mind
            keep something in mind
            a load off your mind
            the mind boggles
            mind over matter
            mind your p's and q's
            out of sigbt. out of mind
            out of your mind
            slip your mind
            a weight off your mind

            minds
            In two minds
            of two minds
            mirrors
            smoke and mirrors
            misery
            put someone out of their misery
            put something out of its misery

            miss
            hit and miss
            bit or miss
            miss a beat
            miss the boat
            miss the bus

            not miss a trick
            mixed

            a mixed bag
            mockers
            put the mockers on something
            Mohammed
            if Mohammed will not go to the
            mountain, the mountain must
            go to Mohammed
            mold: see mould

            molehill
            make a mountain out of a
            molehill
            moment
            In the heat of the moment
            on the spur of the moment
            Monday
            a Monday morning quarterback

            money
            the colour of someone's money
            a fool and his money are soon
            parted
            for love nor money
            give someone a run for their
            money
            have money to burn
            a licence to print money
            the love of money is the root of
            all evil
            money for jam
            money for old rope
            money is the root of all evil
            money talks
            put your money where your
            mouth is
            right on the money

            the smart money
            spend money like water
            throw good money after bad
            throw money at someone
            throw money at something
            monkey
            cold enough to freeze the balls off
            a brass monkey
            get the monkey off your back
            have a monkey on your back
            make a monkey out of someone
            monkey business
            not give a monkey's
            the organ grinder's monkey
            throw a monkey wrench Into the
            works

            monkeys

            a cartload of monkeys
            if you pay peanuts, you get
            monkeys

            monte
            the full monte: see monty
            month
            flavour of the month
            a month of Sundays

            monty
            the fUll monty

            moon
            ask for the moon
            bay at the moon
            cry for the moon
            howl at the moon
            once In a blue moon
            over the moon
            promise the moon
            reach for the moon: see stars
            moral
            the moral high ground
            morning

            a Monday morning quarterback

            moss
            gather moss: see stone
            a rolling stone gathers no moss
            moth
            like a moth to a flame
            motion
            set the wheels in motion
            motions
            go through the motions
            mould
            break the mould
            they broke the mould when they

            made someone
            mountain
            if Mohammed will not go to the
            mountain, the mountain must
            go to Mohammed
            make a mountain out of a

            molehill
            a mountain to climb

            mountains
            move mountains

            mouse
            cat and mouse
            a game of cat and mouse
            poor as a church mouse
            quiet as a mouse
            mouth
            all mouth and no trousers
            all mouth and trousers


                evince -p 488 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            with a silver spoon In your

            mouth
            bj|(ter wouldn't melt in your

            mouth mouth
            down in the mouth
            foam at the
            the horse's mouth
            froth at the mouth
            hand to-mouth

            laugh out of the other side of
            your mouth
            your mouth
            leave a bad taste in
            live from hand to mouth
            live band to mouth
            look a gift horse in the mouth
            make your mouth water
            a plum in your mouth
            put words into someone's mouth
            put your foot in your mouth
            put your head into the lion's

            mouth
            put your money where your
            mouth is
            shoot your mouth off
            speak out of both sides of your
            mouth
            take the words out of someone's

            mouth
            talk out of both sides of your
            mouth
            your heart is in your mouth

            move

            move heaven and earth

            move in for the kill
            move mountains
            move the goalposts
            move up in the world
            movers
            the movers and shakers

            not cut the mustard
            muster
            pass muster
            mutton
            dead as mutton
            mutton dressed as lamb
            nail
            another nail in the coffin
            fight tooth and nail
            the final nail in the coffin
            hit it on the nail
            hit the nail on the head
            the last nail in the coffin
            like trying to nail Jell-O to the

            wall
            nail a He
            nail someone to the wall
            nail your colours to the mast

            on the nail
            nails
            hard as nails
            tough as nails
            naked
            the naked eye

            name

            make a name for yourself
            the name in the frame
            the name of the game
            a name to conjure with
            not have a cent to your name
            not have a penny to your name
            take someone's name in vain
            your name is mud

            names

            napping
            catch someone napping

            narrow

            a narrow line
            the straight and narrow

            nasty

            muck

            nature

            happy as a pig in muck

            mud
            clear as mud

            drag someone through the mud
            mud sticks
            sling mud
            a stick in the-mud
            throw mud
            your name is mud

            muddy
            muddy the waters

            mule
            stubborn as a mule
            murder
            get away with murder

            scream bloody murder
            scream blue murder

            muscle
            flex your muscle: see muscles
            muscles

            flex your muscles
            music
            face the music
            music to your ears
            mustard
            been as mustard

            haystack

            needles
            on pins and needles
            sit on pins and needles
            nellle: see nelly
            nelly
            not on your nelly

            nerve
            hit a nerve

            live on your nerve ends: see

            nerves
            strike a raw nerve
            touch a nerve

            nerves

            a bag of nerves
            a battle of nerves
            a bundle of nerves
            get on someone's nerves
            live on your nerves
            a war or nerves

            nest

            feather your nest
            fly the nest
            foul your own nest
            leave the nest
            a nest egg
            stir up a hornet's nest

            cast a wide net
            cast the net wider
            (all

            through the net

            slip through the net

            nettle
            grasp the nettle

            new

            a nasty piece of work
            the nature of the beast
            navel
            contemplate your navel
            gaze at your navel
            navel-contemplation
            navel-contemplation

            navel-gazing
            navel

            need
            need something like a bole m the
            head
            need your wits about you
            needle
            like looking for a needle in a

            net

            call someone names

            much
            much ado about nothing
            not much cop

            common as muck

            nickel

            469

            m°ve

            gazing

            near
            near and dear to your heart
            near the knuckle
            near to the bone
            yel so far
            neck
            breathe down someone's neck
            dead from the neck up
            get it in the neck
            a millstone around your neck
            neck and neck
            a pain in the neck
            put your neck on the block
            put your neck on the line

            so near and

            risk your neck
            stick your neck out
            up to your neck
            wring someone's neck
            your neck of the woods

            break a new path
            break new ground
            good as new
            a new ball game
            new blood
            a new broom
            a new broom sweeps clean
            a new lease of life
            a new lease on life
            new to the game

            pastures new
            turn over a new leaf
            you can't teach an old dog new

            tricks
            Newcastle
            coals to Newcastle

            news

            be news to someone

            no news is good news
            nice
            nice as pie
            nice try but no cigar

            niche

            carve a niche

            nick
            in the nick of time

            nickel
            nickel and dime
            a wooden nickel


                evince -p 489 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            nickels
            nickels
            not have two nickels to rub
            together

            night
            call it a night: see day

            a night owl
            nine
            have nine lives
            on cloud nine
            a stitch in time saves nine
            the whole nine yards
            nine-day
            a nine-day wonder

            ninepins
            fall like ninepins
            nines
            dress to the nines
            nineteen
            talk nineteen to the dozen
            nip
            nip and tuck
            nip something in the bud

            nits
            pick nits

            no-holds-barred
            no- hoIds barred
            nobody

            like nobody's business
            nod
            get the nod
            give someone the nod
            a nod and a wink
            on the nod
            nodding

            a nodding acquaintance
            noise
            empty vessels make the most
            noise
            noises
            make noises
            make the right noises

            pay through the nose for
            something
            plain as the nose on your face
            poke your nose into something
            put someone's nose out of joint
            rub someone's nose in it
            rub someone's nose in the dirt
            stick your nose into something
            thumb your nose at someone
            turn up your nose at something
            under your nose
            nosey
            a nosey parker
            nosy
            a nosy parker
            nothing
            good for nothing
            much ado about nothing
            on a hiding to nothing

            nowhere
            from nowhere
            in the middle of nowhere
            out in the middle of nowhere
            out of nowhere
            nuclear
            go nuclear
            nudge
            a nudge and a wink
            nudge-nudge
            nudge-nudge, wink wink
            number
            a back number
            do a number on someone
            have someone's number
            look after number one
            look out for number one
            someone's number is up

            numbered
            someone's day* are numbered
            numbers
            the numbers game

            nook
            every nook and cranny: see
            nooks
            nooks
            the nooks and crannies

            nut

            noose

            nuts

            put your head in a noose
            stick your head in a noose

            nose

            bloody someone's nose
            cut off your nose to spite your
            face
            follow your nose
            from under your nose
            get a bloody nose
            get up someone's nose
            give someone a bloody nose
            it's no skin off my nose
            keep your nose clean
            keep your nose out of something
            keep your nose to the grindstone
            lead someone by the nose
            look down your nose at
            something
            a nose for something
            not see beyond the end of your

            nose
            not see beyond your nose
            on the nose

            one

            470

            do your nut
            a sledgehammer to crack a nut
            a tough nut
            a tough nut to crack
            the nuts and bolts of something
            nutshell
            in a nutshell
            nutty
            nutty as a fruitcake
            oaks
            great oaks from little acorns
            grow

            oar
            put your oar in

            oars
            lean on your oars
            rest on your oars

            oats
            sow your wild oats
            ocean
            a drop in the ocean
            odds
            at odds with someone
            at odds with something
            at odds with the world
            at odds with yourself
            pay over the odds

            odor: see odour
            odour
            in bad odour
            in good odour

            off-chance
            on the off-chance
            offer
            offer someone a carrot
            office
            do a land-office business
            off-the-cuff
            off-thecuff
            oil
            bum the midnight oil
            no oil painting
            oil and water
            oil the wheels
            pour oil on troubled waters
            snake oil
            a snake oil salesman
            strike oil
            ointment
            the fiy in the ointment
            old
            a chip off the old block
            a hoary old chestnut
            money for old rope
            old as the hills
            an old chestnut
            an old flame
            the old guard
            old habits die hard
            an old hand
            old hat
            the old school
            the old school tie
            an old wives' tale
            open old wounds
            reopen old wounds
            settle an old score
            tough as old boots
            up to your old tricks
            you can't teach an old dog new

            tricks

            oldest
            the oldest trick in the book
            olive
            an olive branch
            omelet: see omelette
            omelette
            you can't make an omelette
            without breaking eggs

            omnibus
            the man on the Clapham
            omnibus

            once
            once bitten
            once bitten, twice shy
            once in a blue moon

            ride two horses at once

            once-over
            give someone the once-over
            one
            at one sitting
            back at square one
            back to square one
            be one up on someone
            from square one

            get one over on someone
            get one up on someone


                evince -p 490 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            0ne-day

            471
            organize

            ,t in one
            sitting

            couldn't organize a piss up In a

            ook after number one

            number one
            Lik out for
            million

            1

            one inina a

            million chance

            ®ne in the eye for someone

            outs

            one of the lads
            one

            pul) a fast
            pull the other one
            pull the other one, it's got bells

            over

            over the hill

            over the hump
            over the moon
            over the top

            one horse

            overdrive
            be In overdrive
            go into overdrive
            over-egg
            over-egg the pudding

            one-man

            overshoot

            one-track

            overstep
            overstep the mark

            a one horse race
            a one horse town

            overplay
            overplay your hand

            a one-man band

            overshoot the mark

            have a one-track mind
            one-way
            a one way ticket

            one woman
            a one-woman band

            onions
            know your onions
            open
            as one door closes, another one
            opens
            be wide open
            blow something wide open
            the floodgates open
            the heavens open
            keep your eyes open
            lay yourself wide open
            leave yourself wide open
            open and shut
            an open book
            open old wounds
            open season
            open someone's eyes
            open the eyes of someone
            open the floodgates
            open your eyes
            open your heart
            push at an open door
            with open arms
            opposite
            opposite sides of the

            oranges

            same coin

            apples and oranges

            order
            get your house in order
            in apple-pie order
            the order of the day
            the pecking order
            put your house ui order

            a tall order

            ordered
            just what the doctor ordered

            orders

            i

            out-and-out
            the ins and outs

            six of one and half a dozen of the
            other
            one-day
            a one-day wonder

            n

            OTT see top
            out-and-out

            one of the boys

            on it
            put one over on someone

            i

            brewery

            OTT

            marching orders
            under starter's orders
            organ
            (he organ grinder's monkey

            overtime
            work overtime

            overturn
            overturn the applecart
            owl
            a night owl

            own

            hold your own
            off your own bat
            on your own hook
            an own goal
            under your own steam

            ox

            strong as an ox
            oyster
            the world is your oyster
            P

            mind your p's and q's
            watch your p's and q's
            pace
            at a snail's pace
            can't stand the pace
            can't take the pace
            set the pace
            paces
            put someone through their paces
            pack
            ahead of the pack
            the )oker in the pack
            pack a punch
            pack your hags

            packed
            packed like sardines
            packing
            send someone packing
            paddle
            paddle your own canoe
            up the creek without a paddle
            paddock
            kangaroos in your top paddock

            page
            on the same page
            turn the page
            paid
            put paid to something

            pat ajici
            pain
            a pain in the arse
            a pain in the ass
            a pain in the neck
            pains
            growing pains
            paint
            fresh as paint
            paint someone Into a corner
            paint the town red
            watch paint dry
            painted
            not as black as you are painted
            painting
            no oil painting
            pair
            a safe pair of hands
            show a clean pair of heels
            pale
            beyond the pale

            palm
            grease someone's palm
            have someone eating out of the
            palm of your hand
            in the palm of your hand

            pan
            down the pan
            flash in the pan
            out of the frying pan into the
            Are
            pancake

            flat as a pancake
            Pandora
            a Pandora's box

            pants
            beat the pants off someone
            bore the pants off someone
            catch someone with their pants
            down
            charm the pants off someone
            fly by the seat of your pants
            keep your pants on see shirt
            scare the pants off someone
            wear the pants
            paper
            can't fight your way out of a
            paper bag
            a clean sheet of paper
            light the blue touch paper
            not worth the paper it's written

            on
            on paper
            paper over the cracks
            a paper pusher
            a paper tiger
            a paper trail
            papers
            walking papers
            par
            below par
            not up to par
            par for the course
            under par
            parade
            rain on someone's parade
            paradise
            live in a fool's paradise
            parapet
            keep your head below the

            parapet


                evince -p 491 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            parcel
            put your head above the parapet

            parcel
            part and parcel
            parkcr
            a nosey parker
            parrot
            parrot fashion
            sick as a parrot
            part

            tune

            party
            to the party

            the life and soul of the party
            the life of the party

            pass
            give someone the flick pass

            pass muster
            pass the baton
            pass the buck
            pass the hat
            pass the hat around
            pass your sell-by date
            sell the pass
            passage
            a bird of passage
            passing

            a passing acquaintance
            past
            be getting past it
            be past it
            first past the post
            past your sell-by date
            wouldn't put it past someone
            pasture
            put

            pay
            he who pays the piper calls the
            hit pay dirt
            if you pay peanuts, you get

            look the part
            part and parcel
            part of the furniture
            take someone's part
            take something in good part
            parted
            a fool and his money are soon
            parted
            bring something

            pig

            472

            someone out to pasture

            pastures

            fresh pastures
            greener pastures
            pastures new
            pal

            a pat on the back
            pat someone on the back
            stand pat
            patch

            not a patch on someone
            path
            beat a path to someone's door
            break a new path
            cross someone's path
            lead someone down the garden
            path

            lead someone up the garden path
            off the beaten path: see track
            smooth the path
            path-hreaking
            path breaking
            Paul
            rob Peter to pay Paul
            pave
            pave the way
            paved
            the road to hell is paved with
            good intentions

            monkeys
            pay dividends
            pay Up service to something
            pay over the odds
            pay someone back in their own

            coin
            pay through the nose for
            something

            rob Peter to pay Paul
            strike pay dirt
            there'll be hell to pay
            there'll be merry hell to pay
            paydirt
            hit paydirt see pay dirt
            strike paydirt: see pay dirt

            peanuts
            if you pay peanuts, you get
            monkeys
            pearls
            cast pearls before swine
            pearls of wisdom

            peas
            alike as two peas in a pod
            like two peas in a pod
            pebble
            not the only pebble on the beach
            pecker
            keep your pecker up
            pecking
            the pecking order
            pedestal
            be on a pedestal
            knock someone off their pedestal
            put someone on a pedestal
            peel
            slip on a banana peel

            peeled
            keep your eyes peeled

            peg

            someone down a peg or
            two
            a peg on which to hang
            bring

            something

            a square peg in a round hole
            take someone down a peg or two
            pegged

            have someone pegged
            pen
            a pen pusher
            a slip of the pen

            pencil
            have lead in your pencil

            a pencil pusher
            put lead In your pencil
            pennies

            not have two pennies to rub
            together

            pinch pennies
            penn'orth
            your two penn'orth

            penny
            In for a penny, in for a pound
            not have a penny to your name
            the penny drops
            ten a penny

            turn up like a bad penny
            two a penny
            penny-wise
            penny-wise and pound foolish

            people
            drive a wedge between people
            people who live in glass houses
            shouldn't throw stones
            perch
            fall off the perch
            fall off your perch
            knock you off your perch
            petard
            hoist by your own petard

            Peter
            rob Peter to pay Paul
            phrase
            to coin a phrase

            pick
            have a bone to pick with

            someone
            holes in something
            nits
            someone's brain: see brains
            someone's brains
            up steam
            up the ball and run
            up the baton
            up the gauntlet
            up the pieces
            up the slack
            up the tab
            up your marbles and go
            home
            picnic
            be no picnic
            one sandwich short of a picnic
            picture
            get the picture
            in the picture
            keep someone in the picture
            out of the picture
            put someone in the picture
            pie
            American as apple pie
            easy as pie
            eat humble pie
            have a finger in every pie
            have a finger in the pie
            in apple-pie order
            nice as pie
            pie in the sky
            pick
            pick
            pick
            pick
            pick
            pick
            pick
            pick
            pick
            pick
            pick
            pick

            sweet as

            pie

            piece
            all of a piece
            give someone a piece of your
            mind
            a nasty piece of work
            a piece of cake
            a piece of piss
            a piece of the action
            say your piece
            the villain of the piece
            pieces
            go to pieces
            pick up the pieces
            shot to pieces
            pig
            eat like a pig
            a guinea pig


                evince -p 492 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            pig in muck
            hflPPy as a pig
            greased
            like a pig of yourself
            make aa pig s ear of something
            ake
            in a

            P<*e

            sick as a pig
            squeal like a stuck

            pig

            pigeon

            put the cat among the
            pigeons

            set the cat among the pigeons
            piggy
            the piggy in the middle

            pigs

            pigs might fly
            when pigs fly

            couldn't organize a piss-up

            in

            a

            brewery

            Pit

            pit your wits against

            someone

            fever pitch
            make a pitch
            pitch camp
            queer someone's pitch
            place
            between a rock and a hard place
            fall into place
            not a hair out of place
            a place In the sun
            put someone in their place
            take second place
            your heart is in the right place

            places

            come down the ptke
            pikestaff

            go places
            in high places
            plague
            avoid something like the plague

            pile

            plain

            pike

            plain as a pikestaff

            the bottom of the pile
            the top of the pile
            pill
            a bitter pill to swallow
            sugar-coat the pill
            sugar the pill
            swallow a bitter pill
            sweeten the pill
            pillar
            from pillar to past
            a pillar of strength: see tower
            pillar to post
            pilot
            or automatic pilot
            pin
            pin back your ears
            pin someone's ears back

            pinch

            at a pinch
            red the pinch

            In a pinch
            pinch pennies
            take something with

            a pinch of

            salt

            Pipe

            put

            that in your pipe and smoke

            it
            pipeline
            in the pipeline
            piper
            he who pays the ptper calls the

            tune
            piss
            a piece of piss
            take the piss

            plain as a pikestaff
            plain as day
            plain as the nose on your face
            plain sailing
            plan
            a game plan
            plank
            walk the plank

            planks
            thick as two planks
            thick as two short planks
            plant
            plant the seeds of something
            plate
            hand someone something on a
            plate

            have a lot on your plate
            have enough on your plate
            have your plate full
            platter

            on a platter
            on a silver platter

            pink
            in the pink
            tickled pink
            pins
            for two pins
            on pins and needles
            sit on pins and needles
            pint
            a quart into a pint pot
            Pip
            pip someone at the post

            I

            piss-up

            pitch

            sweat like a pig

            ‘"bSfsomeone'
            s
            pigeons

            pom is

            473

            pigÿ11

            play

            child's play
            make a big play of something
            make a play for
            make great play of something
            not play the game
            not play with a full deck
            play a straight bat
            play ball
            play both ends against the middle
            play ducks and drakes with

            someone
            play fast and loose
            play for time
            play games
            play God
            play gooseberry
            play hardball
            play hard to get
            play bell
            play hell with something
            play into someone's hands
            play it by ear
            play it safe

            play merry hell
            play merry hell with something
            play possum
            play safe
            play second fiddle
            play someone at their own game
            play someone for a fool
            play the field
            play the game
            play things by the book
            play to the gallery
            play with a loaded deck
            play with a stacked deck
            play with fire
            play your ace
            play your cards close to the vest
            play your cards close to your
            chest
            play your cards nght
            play your trump card
            the state of play
            when the cat's away, the mice
            will play

            playing
            a level playing field
            level the playing field
            pleased
            pleased

            as punch

            plot
            the plot thickens
            plough
            [dough a lonely furrow
            ploughshares
            beat swords into ploughshares
            turn swords into ploughshares
            plowshares
            beat swords mto plowshares
            turn swords Into plowshares
            pluck
            pluck something from the air
            plug
            pull the plug on something
            plum
            a plum in your mouth
            plumb
            plumb the depths
            plunge
            take the plunge
            poacher
            poacher turned gamekeeper
            pocket
            burn a hole In your pocket
            dig deep into your pocket
            dip into your pocket
            in someone's pocket
            out of pocket

            pockets
            line your pockets
            live in each other's pockets
            pod
            alike as two peas m a pod
            like two peas in a pod
            point
            boiling point
            not to put too fine a point on it
            point the finger at someone
            a sore point
            a sticking point
            points
            brownie points


                evince -p 493 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            poison
            take potluck

            score points
            poison
            one man's meat is another man's
            poison

            poisoned

            a poisoned chalice
            poke

            a pig in a poke
            poke your nose into something
            pole
            the greasy pole
            pole position
            wouldn't touch something with a
            barge pole
            wouldn't touch something with a

            ten-foot pole
            poles
            poles apart
            polish
            spit and polish
            poll

            see pole

            poll position:

            pond

            a big fish in a small pond
            a big frog in a small pond: see
            fUh

            pony
            a dog and pony show
            poor
            poor as a church mouse
            take a poor view of something

            pop

            port
            a port in a storm
            position
            pole position

            possum
            play possum
            post
            deaf as a post
            first past the post
            from pillar to post
            pillar to post

            at the post

            postage

            on the back of a postage stamp
            posted
            keep someone posted
            pot

            be pot luck
            to pot
            in the melting pot
            keep the pot boiling
            the pot calling the kettle black
            a pot of gold
            the pot of gold at the end of the
            rainbow
            a quart into a pint pot
            shit or get off the pot
            take pot luck
            a watched pot never boils
            potato
            a couch potato
            drop something like a hot potato
            a hot potato
            potatoes
            small potatoes
            potluck
            be potluck: see pot luck
            go

            see pot luck

            pottage

            a mess of pottage
            pound
            In for a penny, in for a pound
            your pound of flesh
            pound foolish
            penny wise and pound ioolish
            pour
            it never rains but it pours: see
            rain
            pour cold water on something
            pour oil on troubled waters
            pour out your heart
            powder
            keep your powder dry
            sit on a powder keg

            power
            all power to your elbow
            more power to your elbow
            the power behind the throne
            practice: see practise
            practise
            practise what you preach
            praise
            damn with faint praise
            praises
            sing the praises of someone
            prawn
            come the raw prawn

            prayer
            not have a prayer

            pop your clogs

            pip someone

            Pump

            474

            on a

            wing and

            a prayer

            preach
            practise what you preach
            preach to the converted
            pregnant
            you can't be half pregnant

            prepare
            prepare the ground

            press
            a bad press
            a full-court press
            a good press
            press the right button
            pretty
            pretty is as pretty does: see
            handsome

            a pretty kettle of fish
            sit pretty
            price
            at any price
            at a price
            every man has his price
            everyone has their price
            prick
            like a spare prick at a
            wedding
            prick the buhble
            prick up your ears
            pricks
            kick against the pricks
            pride
            swallow your pride
            prime
            prime the pump
            print
            the fine print
            a licence to print money
            the small print

            prisoners
            take no prisoners
            problems
            teething problems
            production
            make

            a production of something

            profile
            a high profile
            keep a low profile

            promise
            promise the earth
            promise the moon

            proof
            the proof of the pudding is in the
            eating

            prove
            the exception that proves the

            rule
            providence
            tempt providence: see fate
            public
            air your dirty laundry in public
            do your dirty washing in public
            in the public eye
            out of the public eye
            wash your dirty linen in public
            pudding
            over-egg the pudding
            the proof of the pudding is in the
            eating

            pull
            not pull your punches
            pull a face
            pull a fast one
            pull a rabbit out of the hat
            pull in your horns
            pull no punches
            pull out all the stops
            pull rank
            pull someone's chain
            pull someone's chestnuts out of
            the fire
            pull someone's leg
            pull something out of the air
            pull something out of the hat
            pull strings
            pull the other one
            pull the other one. it's got bells
            on it
            pull the plug on something
            pull the rug from under you
            pull the rug from under your feet
            pull the strings
            pull the wool over someone's
            eys

            pull your finger out
            pull your hair out
            pull yourself up by your
            bootstraps
            pull your socks up
            pull your wagons in a circle
            pull your weight

            pulling
            like pulling teeth
            pulp
            beat someone to a pulp
            pulse
            have your finger on the pulse
            pump
            prime the pump


                evince -p 494 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            L

            punch
            put
            put
            put
            put

            punch
            V
            pack a punch

            your punches
            wrtPUl1
            no punches
            pull

            ‘oil with the punches

            put someone's back up
            put someone's nose out of Joint
            put someone through hell
            put someone through their paces
            put something on Ice
            put something on the line
            put something out of its misery
            put something to bed
            put that in your pipe and smoke

            oiinishmcntfor punishment
            a glutton

            pUP

            sell someone a pup

            purposes purposes

            at cross
            purse

            hold the purse strings

            loosen the purse strings
            tighten the purse strings
            you can't make a silk purse out
            of a sow's ear

            it
            put the arm on someone
            put the boot in
            put the boot into someone
            put the cart before the horse
            put the cat among the pigeons
            put the finger on someone
            put the flags out
            pul the ftlghteners on someone
            put the genie back In the bottle
            pul the kibosh on something
            put the knife In
            put the lid on something
            put the mockers on something
            put the record straight
            put the screws on someone
            put the skids under something
            put the tin lid on something
            put the wind up someone
            put through the mill
            put two and two together
            put words Into someone's mouth
            put your ass on the line
            put your back into something
            put your best foot forward
            put your cards on the table
            put your feet up
            put your finger on something
            put your foot down
            put your foot In tt
            put your foot in your mouth
            put your head above the parapet
            put your head in a noose
            put your head Into the lion's
            mouth
            put your head on the block
            put your beads together
            put your house In order
            put your life In someone's hands
            put your money where your
            mouth is
            put your neck on the block
            put your neck on the line
            put your oar in
            put your shin on something
            put your shoulder to the wheel
            put your thinking cap on
            wouldn't put it past someone

            push

            at a push
            get the push

            someone the push
            if push comes to shove
            push at an open door
            push the boat out
            push the right button
            push up the daisies
            when push comes to shove

            give

            pusher
            a paper pusher
            a pencil pusher
            a pen pusher
            put
            be put through the wringer
            not put a foot wrong
            not to put too fine a point on it
            put a bomb under something
            put a brave face on something
            put a brave front on something:
            see face
            put a dampener on something: see
            damper
            put a damper on something
            put a dent in something
            put a gloss on something
            pul a good face on something
            put a gun to someone's head
            put all your egga in one basket
            put a sock in it
            put a spanner in the works
            put a spoke in someone's wheel
            put down roots
            put flesh on something
            put flesh on the bones of
            something
            put hair on the chest: see hairs
            put hairs on your chest
            put lead in your pencil
            put off the evil day
            put on airs
            put on airs and graces
            put one over on someone
            put out feelers
            put out of court
            put paid to something
            put someone in their place
            put someone in the picture
            put someone in the shade
            put someone off their stride

            someone off their stroke

            someone off the scent
            someone on a pedestal
            someone on the rack
            put someone out of their misery
            put someone out to grass
            put someone out to pasture

            pleased as punch

            P

            rainbow

            475

            putty
            putty in your hands

            q
            mind your p's and q's
            QT

            on the QT

            quake
            quake in your boots
            quake in your shoes
            quantity
            an unknown quantity

            quart

            a quart into a pint pot
            quarterback

            a Monday morning quarter
            back
            queer
            In Queer Street
            queer someone's pitch
            question
            the 64,000 dollar question
            beg the question
            a question mark

            quick

            cut someone to the quick
            no quick fix
            quick as a flash
            quick as a wink
            quick as lightning
            quick off the mark

            quids
            quids in
            quiet
            quiet as a lamb
            quiet as a mouse

            quits
            call it quits
            quote
            quote, end quote
            quote, unquote

            rabbit
            like a rabbit caught

            in the
            headligbta
            pull a rabbit out of the hat

            race
            a one horse race
            race against time
            the rat race
            rack

            on the rack

            put someone on the rack
            rack and ruin
            rack your brain: see brains
            rack your brains
            rag
            lose your rag
            a red rag to a bull
            ragged

            run someone ragged
            rags
            rags to riches
            riches to rags
            rails
            jump the rails
            off the rails
            on the rails
            rain
            come rain or shine
            it never rains but it pours see
            rain
            rain on someone's parade
            rain or shine
            right as rain
            take a rain check
            rainbow
            at the end of the rainbow


                evince -p 495 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            rainbows
            the pot of gold at the end of the
            rainbow
            rainbows
            chase rainbows
            raining
            it's raining cats and dogs
            rainy
            save for a rainy day

            raise

            not

            raise a finger
            raise Cain
            raise eyebrows
            raise bei)

            raise its bead
            raise someone's hackles
            raise something from the dead
            raise the ante
            raise the roof

            rake
            rake over the ashes: see coals
            rake over the coals
            rake someone over the coals
            thin as a rake

            ram
            ram something down someone's
            throat

            ranch
            bet the ranch

            rank
            break rank: see ranks
            pull rank

            ranks
            break ranks
            close ranks

            ransom

            hold someone to ransom

            a king's ransom

            rap
            rap someone on the knuckles
            rap someone's knuckles
            take the rap

            rare
            rare as hen's teeth
            a rare bird
            rat
            like a rat leaving a sinking ship
            look like a drowned rat
            the rat race
            smell a rat
            rate

            at a rate of knots
            rattle
            rattle someone's cage
            rattle your sabre
            rattling
            sabrerattlmg

            raw
            come the raw prawn
            get a raw deal
            strike a raw nerve
            ray
            a ray of sunshine

            reach
            reach for the moon: see stars
            reach for the sky: see stars
            reach for the stars
            reach rock bottom
            read
            read between the lines
            read someone like a book

            Riley

            476
            read someone's lips
            read the riot act
            read the runes
            ready
            rough and ready
            real
            the real McCoy
            reap
            as you sow, so shall you
            reap
            reap the harvest
            reap the whirlwind
            sow the wind and reap the
            whirlwind
            you reap what you sow

            rear
            cover your rear
            rear Its bead
            rear its ugly head
            rearguard
            fight a rearguard action

            reason

            without rhyme or reason
            recharge
            recharge your batteries
            reckoning
            the day of reckoning

            record
            go on record
            off the record
            on the record
            put the record straight
            set the record straight
            a track record

            red
            bleed red Ink
            In the red
            into the red
            not a red cent
            not one red cent
            out of the red
            paint the town red
            red as a beet
            red as a beetroot
            a red flag
            a red flag before a bull
            a red herring
            red in tooth and claw
            a red letter day
            a red rag to a bull
            red tape
            roll out the red carpet
            see red

            red-handed
            catch someone red-handed
            reed
            a broken reed
            regular
            regular as clockwork

            reign

            a reign of tenor
            rein
            allow someone flee rein
            give someone free rein
            hold someone on a tight rein
            keep a tight rein on someone
            reinvent
            reinvent the wheel
            reopen
            reopen old wounds

            reply

            a dusty reply
            rest
            a cut above the rest
            lay to rest the ghost of something
            not rest on your laurels
            the rest is history
            rest on your oars
            revolving
            the revolving door
            rhyme
            without rhyme or reason

            rich
            rich as Croesus
            strike it rich
            riches
            an embarrassment of nches
            rags to riches
            riches to rags
            riddles
            talk In riddles
            ride
            a bumpy ride
            come along for the ride
            an easy ride
            a free ride
            go along for the ride
            ride herd on someone
            ride high
            ride high In the saddle
            ride out the storm
            ride roughshod over someone
            ride the crest of the wave
            ride the storm
            ride two horses at once
            ride two horses at the same time

            a rough ride
            take someone for a ride
            riding
            be riding for a fall
            right
            along the right lines
            give your right arm
            in your right mind
            left and right
            left, right, and centre
            make the right noises
            not right in the head
            on the right lines
            on the right track
            [day your cards right
            press the right button
            right as rain
            the right hand doesn't know
            what the left hand is doing
            right off the bat
            right on the button
            right on the money
            right up your alley
            right up your street
            start off on the right foot
            your heart is in the right place
            right-hand
            your right hand man
            your right hand woman
            rights
            bang to rights
            dead to rights
            Riley
            live the life of Riley


                evince -p 496 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            rlf1g

            ring
            alarm bellsring
            the brass
            ring
            have a hollow
            ring » bell
            ring hollow

            the hook
            someone s bell
            the changes
            true
            a three-ring circus
            throw your cap into the ring: see
            hat
            throw your hat into the ring
            ring
            ring
            ring
            ring

            jvaming

            ruffle

            477

            ring

            bells ring

            ringer

            a dead ringer for someone

            rings

            run rings round someone
            ringside
            a ringside seat
            a ringside view
            riot
            read the riot act
            run riot

            np

            let rip

            rise

            get a rise out of someone
            rise from the dead
            rise to the bait
            someone's hackles rise
            take the rise out of someone
            risk
            risk life and limb
            risk your neck
            river
            sell someone down the river
            road
            down the road
            the end of the road
            get the show on the road
            hit the road
            keep the show on the road

            middle-of-the-road
            the road to hell is paved with
            good intentions

            take the high road
            take the low road

            rob
            rob Peter to pay Paul
            rob the cradle
            robbery
            daylight robbery
            highway robbery

            Rohlnson
            before you could say Jack
            Robinson
            rock
            at rock bottom
            between a rock and a hard place
            hit rock bottom
            reach rock bottom
            rock the boat
            rock you back on your heels
            rocker
            off your rocker
            rocket
            not rocket science
            a rocket scientist

            rocks
            get your rocks off
            on the rocks
            rod
            a lightning rod for something
            make a rod for your own back
            roll
            beads roll
            on a roll
            roll in the aisles
            roll out the red carpet
            roll up your sleeves
            roll with the punches
            rolling
            a rolling stone
            a rolling stone gathers no moss
            set the ball rolling
            Romans
            when in Rome, do as the Romans
            do
            Rome
            fiddle while Rome bums
            Rome was not built in a day
            when in Rome
            when in Rome, do as the Romans
            do

            roof
            a cat on a hot tin roof
            go through the roof
            hit the roof
            lift the roof
            raise the roof
            rooftops
            shout something from the
            rooftops

            room

            elbow room

            no room to swing a cat
            not give someone house room
            a smoke-filled room
            roost
            the chickens come home to roost
            come home to roost
            rule the roost

            root
            the love of money is the root of

            all evil
            money is the root of all evil
            root and branch
            take root

            roots
            the grass roots
            put down roots

            rope
            at the end of your rope
            give someone enough rope
            give someone enough rope to
            hang themselves
            money for old rope

            ropes
            know the ropes
            learn the ropes
            the ropes
            show someone the ropes
            rose-colored: see rose-tinted

            on

            rose-coloured
            rose-coloured glasses: see rosetinted
            rose-coloured spectacles: see
            rose-tinted

            roses
            come up smelling of roses
            everything is coming up roses
            not a bed of roses
            not all roses

            rose-tinted
            rose-tinted glasses
            rose-tinted spectacles

            rotten
            a rotten apple
            rough
            cut up rough
            a diamond in the rough
            give someone the rough edge of
            your tongue
            give someone the rough side of
            your tongue
            rough and ready
            rough and tumble

            a

            rough diamond
            rough edges
            a rough ride
            take the rough with the smooth

            roughshod
            ride roughshod over someone

            roulette
            Russian roulette

            round
            get your tongue round something
            go round in circles
            round the bend
            round the clock
            round the houses
            round the twist
            run rings round someone
            run round in circles
            a square peg in a round hole

            roundabouts
            swings and roundabouts
            what you lose on the swings you
            gain on the roundabouts

            row

            get your ducks in a row
            a hard row to hoe
            not worth a row of beans

            •kid row

            a tough row to hoe
            rub
            don't rub it in
            not have two nickels to rub
            together
            not have two pennies to rub
            together

            rub elbows with someone
            the rub of the green
            rub salt into the wound
            rub shoulders with someone
            rub someone's nose in it
            nib someone's nose in the dirt
            rub someone the wrong way
            rub someone up the wrong way
            rub your hands
            therein lies the rub
            there's the rub
            Rubicon
            cross the Rubicon
            rude

            a rude awakening
            ruffle
            ruffle someone's feathers


                evince -p 497 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            ruffled
            rush

            ruffled
            smooth ruffled feathers
            rug
            pull the rug from under you
            pull the rug from under your feet
            snug as a bug in a rug
            sweep something under the rug
            ruin
            rack and ruin

            rule
            divide and rule
            the exception that proves the
            rule
            a rule of thumb
            rule the roost

            ruled
            ruled out of court
            rules
            bend the rules
            stretch the rules

            run
            cut and run

            a dummy run
            give someone a run for their
            money

            hit a home run
            make your blood run cold
            on the run
            pick up the ball and run
            run a mile
            run around in circles
            run a tight ship
            run before you can walk

            run deep
            run its course
            run on empty
            rings round

            someone

            run riot
            run round in circles
            run someone into the ground

            run someone ragged
            run someone to earth

            run someone to ground

            run something into the gronnd
            run something up the flagpole
            run the gauntlet

            run the show
            run to seed
            run with the hare and hunt with
            the hounds

            run your eye over something
            run yourself into the ground
            still waters run deep
            take the ball and run with it
            runaround
            get the runaround
            give someone the runaround

            runes

            read the runes
            running
            hit the ground running
            in the running
            out of the running
            a running battle
            take a running jump
            up and running

            run-of-the-mill
            run-of the mill

            fools rush in
            fools rush in where angels fear to
            tread
            get the bum's rush
            give someone the bum's rush
            a rush of blood
            a rush of blood to the head

            rushed

            bury your bead in the sand
            sandboy
            happy as a sandboy

            sands
            shifting sands

            sandwich
            the filling in the sandwich
            the meat in the sandwich
            one sandwich short of a picnic

            sardines

            rushed off your feet
            Russian
            Russian roulette
            saber: see sabre
            sabre
            rattle your sabre

            packed like sardines

            sauce
            what's sauce for the goose
            sauce for the gander

            is

            save

            sabre-rattling
            sabre-rattling

            can't do something to save your
            life

            sack
            bit the sack

            save face

            save for a rainy day

            sacred
            a sacred cow
            sacrificed
            sacrificed on the altar of
            something

            saddle
            in the saddle
            ride high in the saddle
            safe
            in safe hands
            play it safe
            play safe
            safe as houses
            a safe bet
            safe hands
            a safe pair of hands
            to be on the safe side

            said

            run out of gas
            run out of steam

            run

            scientist

            478

            easier said than done
            least said, soonest mended
            sail
            sail close to the wind
            sail under false colours
            take the wind out of someone's
            sail
            sailing
            clear sailing
            plain sailing

            save someone's blushes
            save someone's butt
            save your own skin
            save your skin
            a stitch in time saves nine
            saved
            saved by the bell
            saving
            a saving grace

            sawdust
            spit and sawdust
            say

            before you could say Jack
            Robinson
            before you could say knife
            say goodbye to something
            say your piece
            wouldn't say boo to a goose
            scalded
            like a scalded cat
            scales
            the scales fall from your eyes
            tip the scales

            scarce
            scarce as ben's teeth
            scare
            scare someone out of their

            smooth sailing

            wits

            sails
            take the wind out of someone's
            sails
            trim your sails

            salad
            your salad days
            salesman
            a snake oil salesman
            saloon
            drinking in the last chance
            saloon
            the last chance saloon

            salt
            rub salt into the wound
            the salt of the earth
            take something with

            save someone's ass
            save someone's bacon

            a grain of

            salt
            take something with a pinch of
            salt
            worth their salt
            sand
            build something on sand

            scare the life out of someone
            scare the living daylights out of

            someone
            scare the pants off someone

            scene

            set the scene

            scenes

            behind the scenes
            scent
            put someone off the scent
            scent blood
            throw someone off the scent

            school
            the old school
            the old school tie
            the school of hard knocks

            science
            blind someone with science

            not rocket science
            scientist
            a rocket scientist


                evince -p 498 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            l

            score

            sheep

            479
            play second fiddle

            a second bite at the cherry
            a second wind

            points

            score old score
            settle anscore
            settle a

            take second place
            security
            a security blanket

            no fliry like a woman

            scorned

            bow and scrape
            scrape the barrel
            scrape the bottom of the barrel

            scratch

            scratch
            not come up to scratch

            from

            not up to scratch
            scratch the surface

            scratch your head
            you scratch my back and lU
            scratch yours

            scream
            scream blue murder
            screw

            bloody murder

            have a screw loose
            tighten the screw on someone
            turn tiie screw on someone

            screwed

            have your head screwed

            screws

            sea
            all at sea
            at sea
            between the devil and the deep

            blue sea
            a sea change
            there arc plenty more fish in the
            sea
            seal
            seal someone's fate
            seal someone's lips

            sealed
            signed and sealed
            signed, sealed, and delivered

            someone's lips are sealed

            seams

            burst at the seams
            come apart at the seams
            fall apart at the seams

            search
            search high and low for
            something

            season

            open season

            seat
            (ly by the seat of your pants

            a ringside seat
            take a back seat
            seats
            bums on seats

            second
            get to second base

            not see beyond the end of your

            nose
            see beyond your nose
            see someone for dust
            see the forest for the trees
            see the wood for the trees
            see eye to eye with someone
            see red
            see someone m their true colours
            see the light
            see the light of day
            see which way the cat jumps
            suck it and see
            seed
            not
            not
            not
            not

            eat your seed corn
            go to seed
            run to seed
            seed corn

            settle
            the dust settles
            settle an old score
            settle a score

            sevens

            at sixes and sevens

            plant the seeds of something

            sow the seeds of something

            seen

            put someone
            shades

            in

            the shade

            shades of

            have seen better days
            haven't seen hide nor hair of

            someone

            wouldn't be seen dead
            seize
            seize the day
            self
            a shadow of your former self
            sell
            sell like hot cakes
            sell like hotcakes see hot cakes
            sell someone a bill of goods
            sell someone a pup
            sell someone down the river
            sell someone short
            sell the pass
            seil yourself short
            sell your soul

            setl-by
            pass your seil by date
            past your sell by date

            send
            send someone packing
            send someone to Coventry
            send someone to the showers
            separate
            separate the gram from the chaff
            separate the men from the boys
            separate the sheep from the goats
            separate the wheat from the
            chaff

            serve

            not serve two masters

            service
            give lip service to something
            pay lip service to something

            set
            not set in stone
            not set the world on

            set the record straight
            set the scene
            set the stage for something
            set the wheels in motion
            set tongues wagging
            set you back on your heels
            set your cap at someone
            set your face against something
            set your heart on something
            set your sights on something
            set your teeth on edge
            the stage is set

            seventh
            in seventh heaven
            shade

            seeds

            on

            put the screws on someone
            Scylla
            between Scylla and Chary bd is

            in Hie catbird seat
            in the driver's seat
            in the driving seat
            in the hot seat
            on the edge of your seat

            be glad to see the back of

            someone

            scrape

            scream

            see

            set in concrete
            set in your ways
            set out your stall
            set the ball rolling
            set the cat among the pigeons
            set the heather on fire
            set the pace

            (ire

            shadow
            afraid of your own shadow
            a shadow of your former self
            shake
            more things than you can shake a
            stick at
            shake hands on something
            shake the dust of somewhere
            from your feet
            shake the foundations of
            something

            shakers
            the movers and shakers
            shakes
            in two shakes
            in two shakes of a lamb's tail
            no great shakes
            shape

            knock something into shape
            lick something into shape
            shape up or ship out
            whip something into shape

            share
            the lion's share
            sharp
            the sharp end
            shave
            a close shave
            shed
            blood is shed
            shed crocodile tears
            sheep
            the black sheep
            the black sheep of the family
            like sheep to the slaughter see
            lambs
            make sheep's eyes
            might as well be hanged for a
            sheep as a lamb


                evince -p 499 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            sheet
            separate the sheep from the goats
            a sheep in wolfs clothing
            sort out the sheep from the goats
            a wolf in sheep's clothing

            sheet

            a clean sheet
            a clean sheet of paper
            sing from the same hymn sheet
            sing from the same song sheet
            white as a sheet
            sheets
            three sheets to the wind
            shelf
            on the shelf
            shelf life
            shell
            come out of your shell
            go into your shell
            a shell game
            shifting
            shifring sands

            shine

            come rain or shine

            make hay while the sun shines
            or shine
            take a shine to someone
            take the shine off something
            shining
            a knight in shining armour
            ship
            abandon a sinking ship
            abandon ship
            don't spoil the ship for a ha'porth
            of tar
            jump ship
            like a rat leaving a sinking ship
            run a tight ship
            shape up or ship out
            a sinking ship
            when your ship comes in
            shirt
            a hair shirt
            keep your shirt on
            lose your shirt
            put your shirt on something
            a stuffed shirt
            rain

            shit

            a crock of shit
            in deep shit
            in the shit
            shit a brick
            the shit hits the fan
            shit or get off the pot
            soft as shit
            thick as shit
            up shit creek

            shlthouse
            built like a brick shithouse
            shoe
            drop the other shoe
            if the shoe fits
            the shoe is on the other foot
            shoe-in: see shoo-in
            shoes
            dead men's shoes
            fill someone's shoes
            in someone's shoes
            lick someone's shoes: see boots
            quake in your shoes
            smudge your own shoes

            side

            480
            step into someone's shoes
            shoestring
            on a shoestring

            shoo-in
            be a shoo-in
            shoot
            shoot a line
            shoot daggers at someone
            shoot down in flames
            shoot for the same target
            shoot from the hip
            shoot the breeze
            shoot the messenger
            shoot your bolt
            shoot your mouth off
            shoot yourself in the foot
            a turkey shoot
            shooting
            like shooting fish in a barrel
            the whole shooting match

            shop
            all over the shop
            a bull in a china shop
            close up shop
            like a child in a sweet shop: see
            candy
            shop talk
            shut up shop
            a talking shop
            talk shop

            shopping
            a shopping list
            short
            by the short and curiies
            by the short hairs
            draw the short straw
            get the short end of the stick
            have a short fuse
            long on one thing and short on
            another

            on a short fuse
            on a short leash
            one sandwich short or a picnic

            sell someone short
            sell yourself short
            several cards short of a frill deck
            short shrift
            thick as two short planks
            to cut a long story shori
            to make a long story short
            shot
            be shot of something
            by a long shot
            get shot of something
            give something your best shot
            like a shot
            a long shot
            one shot in your locker
            a shot across someone's bows
            a shot in the arm
            a shot in the dark
            shot to bell
            shot to pieces
            a warning shot
            a warning shot across someone's
            bows

            shots
            call the shots
            shoulder

            a chip on your shoulder

            cry on someone's shoulder

            get the cold shoulder
            give someone the cold shouldÿ
            put your shoulder to the wheel

            a shoulder to cry on
            shoulder to shoulder
            straight from the shoulder
            shoulders
            carry the weight of the world on
            your shoulders
            bead and shoulders above

            someone

            rub shoulders with someone
            shout
            shout something from the
            rooftops

            shout your head off
            shouting
            a shouting match
            shove
            when push comes to shove
            show
            a dog and pony show
            gel the show on the road
            keep the show on the road
            run the show
            show a clean pair of heels
            show someone the rope*
            show your face
            show your hand
            show your teeth
            show your true colours
            steal the show
            stop the show
            showers
            send someone to the showers
            a trip to the shower*
            shrift
            short shrift
            shrinking
            no shrinking violet
            a shrinking violet
            shuffle
            tost in the shuffle
            shut
            open and shut
            shut up like a clam
            shut up shop
            with your eyes shut
            shy

            once bitten, twice shy
            sick
            sick as a dog
            sick as a parrot
            sick as a pig
            sick to the back teeth
            side
            from the wrong side of the tracks
            get out of bed on the wrong side
            get out of bed the wrong side
            give someone the rough side of
            your tongue
            the grass is always greener on
            the other side of the fence
            know which side your bread is
            buttered
            laugh on the other side of your

            face
            laugh out of the other side of
            your mouth


                evince -p 500 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            the side down
            on the bright side
            the Side of the angels

            sinking

            other side of the coin

            sit
            sit in judgment
            sit on a powder keg
            sit on pins and needles
            sit on the fence
            sit on your bands
            sit pretty
            sit tight
            sitting

            fok
            Jr your side

            on

            sunny side up

            your side
            side
            t0 be on the safe
            a thorn

            in

            sides
            opposite sides of the same coin
            speak out of both sides of your

            mouth

            talk out of both sides of your
            mouth
            tv o sides of the same coin
            sideways

            knock someone sideways
            knock something sideways

            sieve
            a brain like a sieve
            sight

            at first sight

            lose sight of something
            out of sight, out of mind
            a sight for sore eyes

            sights
            have something In your sights
            have your sights on something
            set your sights on something
            sign
            sign on the dotted line
            sign on the line
            sign someone's death warrant
            sign

            slow

            481

            sides

            your own death warrant

            signals

            smoke signals
            signed
            signed and sealed
            signed sealed, and delivered
            silk
            you can't make a silk purse out
            of a sow's ear

            silver
            born with a sliver spoon In your
            mouth

            every cloud has a silver lining

            on a silver platter
            a silver lining
            simple
            simple as falling off a log
            sing
            it isn't over until the fat lady

            abandon a sinking ship
            like a rat leaving a sinking ship

            a sinking ship

            a single sitting
            at one sitting
            in one sitting
            a sitting duck
            at

            six
            hit someone for six
            knock someone for six
            six of one and half a dozen of the

            other
            sixes
            at sixes and sevens
            size
            cut someone down to size
            try something for size
            try something on for size
            try something out for size

            skate
            skate on thin Ice
            skates
            get your skates on
            skeleton
            the skeleton at the feast
            a skeleton in the closet
            a skeleton in the cupboard
            skid
            skid row

            skids

            on

            the skids
            put the skids under something

            akin

            by the akin of your teeth
            get under someone's skin
            get under your akin
            it's no skin ofT my nose
            Jump out of your akin
            make your skin crawl
            save your own skin
            save your skin
            skin and bane
            skin and bones
            skin someone alive
            slip on a banana skin
            there's more than one way to
            skin a cat
            a thick akin
            a thin skin

            sings
            alng a different tune
            sing for your supper
            sing from the same hymn sheet
            sing from the same song sheet
            sing the praises of someone
            sing the same song
            sing the same tune

            skinned

            all-singing, all-dancing

            skip

            singing

            single
            at a single sitting

            sink
            everything but the kitchen sink

            sink or swim
            sink your teeth into something

            sinker
            hook. line, and sinker

            keep your eyes skinned

            a hop and a skip

            a hop. skip, and a Jump
            skittles
            not all beer and skittles
            skull

            out of your skull: see head
            skunk
            drunk as a skunk

            sky

            out of a dear blue sky
            pie in the sky
            reach for the sky: see stars
            the sky's the limit

            sky-high
            blow something sky-high

            slack
            cut someone some slack
            pick up the slack
            take up the siack

            slap

            a slap in the face
            a slap on the wrist
            slate

            a clean slate
            on the slate
            wipe the slate clean
            slaughter
            like lambs to the slaughter
            like sheep to the slaughter see
            lambs
            sledgehammer
            a sledgehammer to crack a nut
            sleep
            not get a wink of sleep
            not lose any sleep over

            something

            not sleep a wink
            sleeping
            let sleeping dogs lie

            a sleeping dog: see dogs
            sleeve
            have a card up your sleeve
            have an ace up your sleeve
            have something up your sleeve
            laugh up your sleeve
            wear your heart on your sleeve
            sleeves
            roll up your sleeves

            slice
            a slice of the action
            sliced
            the best thing since sliced bread
            the greatest thing since sliced
            bread
            sling
            sling mud
            sling your book
            your ass in a sling
            slings
            slings

            and arrows

            slip

            a slip of the pen

            a slip of the tongue
            slip on a banana peel
            slip on a banana skin
            slip through the cracks
            slip through the net
            slip through your fingers
            slip your mind
            there Is many a slip twixt cup
            and lip
            slippery
            slippery as an eel
            a slippery slope

            sieve
            a slippery slope
            slow
            the slow lane


                evince -p 501 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            small
            slow off the mark

            small
            a big fish in a small pond
            a big frog in a small pond: see
            fish

            It's a small world
            make someone feel small
            make someone look small
            small beer
            a small fortune
            small potatoes
            the small print
            small world

            smart

            a smart alec
            a smart aleck: see alec
            a smart cookie
            the smart money
            smell
            smell a rat
            wake up and smell the cofree
            smelling
            come up smelling of roses

            smile
            smile from ear to ear

            smoke
            blow smoke
            blow smoke in someone's eyes
            blow smoke in someone's face
            blow smoke up someone's ass
            go up in smoke
            put that in your pipe and smoke
            it
            smoke and mirrors
            smoke signals
            there's no smoke without fire
            where there's smoke there's
            fire

            smoke-filled
            a smoke filled room
            smoking
            a smoking gun

            smooth
            smooth ruffled feathers
            smooth sailing
            smooth the path
            smooth the way
            take the rough with the smooth
            smudge
            smudge your own shoes

            snail
            at a snail's pace
            snake
            a snake in the grass
            snake oil
            a snake oil salesman

            snap
            snap someone's head off
            snatching
            cradle-snatching

            sneeze
            when one person sneezes, another
            catches cold
            snook

            cock a snook at someone

            snow

            a snow job

            white as snow
            snowball
            not a snowball's chance in hell

            spit

            482

            snuff
            up to snuff
            snug
            snug as a bug in a rug
            soap

            no soap
            sober
            sober as a judge
            sock
            put a sock in it
            socks
            knock the socks off someone
            knock your socks off
            pull your socks up
            work your socks off
            soft
            have a soft spot for someone
            soft as shit
            a soft touch
            soften
            soften the blow
            song
            for a song
            make a song and dance about
            something

            on song
            sing from the same song sheet
            sing the same song

            soonest
            least said, soonest mended

            sore
            like a bear with a sore head
            a sight for sore eyes
            a sore point
            a sore spot
            stand out like a sore thumb
            stick out like a sore thumb

            sorrows

            drown your sorrows
            sort
            sort out the men from the boys
            sort out the sheep from the goats
            sort the wheat from the chaff
            soul
            bare your soul
            body and soul
            hold body and soul together
            keep body and soul together
            the life and soul of the party
            sell your soul
            sound
            the death knell sounds
            empty vessels make the most
            sound
            sound as a bell
            sound hollow
            sound the death knell

            soup
            in the soup

            sour

            sour grapes

            sow
            as you sow, so shall you reap
            sow the seeds of something
            sow the wind and reap the
            whirlwind

            sow your wild oats
            you can't make a silk purse out
            of a sow's ear
            you reap what you sow

            space
            a waste of space
            spade
            call a spade a spade
            spades
            in spades
            Spain
            castles in Spain

            span
            spick and span
            spanner
            put a spanner in the works
            throw a spanner in the works
            spare
            like a spare prick at a wedding
            spare someone's blushes
            spark

            a

            bright spark

            sparks
            sparks fly
            strike sparks off each other

            spate
            in full spate see flow
            speak
            actions speak louder than
            words
            speak of the devil
            speak out of both sides or your
            mouth
            speak volumes
            speak with forked tongue
            spectacles
            rose-tinted spectacles
            spectre
            the spectre at the feast
            speed
            bring someone up to speed
            bring something up to speed
            get up to speed
            spell
            spell curtains
            spend
            spend money like water
            splc: see spick
            spice
            variety is the spice of life
            spick
            spick and span
            spike
            spike someone's guns
            spill
            spill the beans
            spill your guts
            spilled
            blood is spilled
            it's no use crying over spilled
            milk
            spin
            in a Oat spin
            in a spin
            spin your wheels
            spit
            the dead spit
            the spit and image
            spit and polish
            spit and sawdust
            spit in someone's eye
            spit in the wind
            spit out the dummy
            spit the dummy


                evince -p 502 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            483

            spite
            your nose to spite your
            face
            image

            see spit

            "ithin spitting distance
            SPi!ÿkc a splash
            split
            split hairs

            apple spoils the barrel
            SITbad
            for a ha'porth
            don't spoil the
            ship

            of tar

            loo many cooks spoil the broth

            stack
            blow your stack
            stack the cards
            stack the deck
            stacked
            play with a stacked deck
            stage

            centre stage
            set the stage for something
            the stage Is set
            stake
            go to the stake
            stalking

            a stalking horse

            stall

            put a spoke in someone's wheel

            set out your stall
            stamp
            on the back of a postage stamp

            throw in the sponge: see towel

            stamping

            born with a sliver spoon in your

            stand
            can't stand the pace
            If you can't stand the heat, get
            out of the kitchen
            make your hair stand on end
            not have a leg to stand on
            someone's hair stands on end
            stand on your own two feet
            stand out like a sore thumb
            stand pat
            stand something on its head
            stand the test of time
            stand up and be counted
            standard
            the standard bearer

            spoke

            sponge
            spoon

            mouth
            the wooden spoon
            spot
            a blind spot
            have a soft spot for someone
            hit the spot
            on the spot
            a sore spot

            spots
            knock spots off something
            a leopard does not change its
            spots

            spout
            up the spout
            sprat
            a sprat to catch a mackerel
            spread
            spread like wildfire
            spread yourself too thin
            spread your wings
            spring
            no spring chicken
            spur
            on the spur of the moment
            spurs
            earn your spurs
            win your spurs

            square
            back at square one
            back to square one
            fair and square
            from square one
            on the square
            a square meal
            a square peg in a round hole

            square the circle
            squeaky
            squeaky clean
            squeal
            squeal like a stuck pig
            squib
            a damp squib

            stab
            a stab in the back
            a stab in the dark

            stab someone in the hack

            stable
            close the stable door after the
            horse has bolted

            stamping ground

            standing
            can do something standing on
            your head

            star
            hitch your wagon to a star
            stare
            stare someone in the face
            stare something in the face
            stars
            reach for the stars
            stars in your eyes

            start
            start a hare
            start off on the right foot
            start the hall rolling
            starter
            under starter's orders
            starting
            off the starting blocks

            starts
            in fits and starts

            state
            the state of play
            stay
            stay the course
            steady
            a steady hand on the tiller

            steal

            9U1

            have steam coming out of your
            ears
            a bead of steam
            let off steam
            pick up steam
            run out of steam
            under your own steam

            steer
            a bum steer
            steer dear
            steer someone clear of something
            stem
            stem the flow
            stem the tide
            step
            step into someone's boots
            step into someone's shoes
            step on someone's toes
            step out of line

            stew
            in a stew
            leave someone to stew
            let someone stew
            let someone stew in their own

            Juice

            stick
            carrot and stick
            carry > big stick
            get a lot of stick
            get hold of the wrong end of the
            stick
            get the short end of the stick
            get the wrong end of the stick
            give someone stick

            In a cleft stick
            let the cobbler stick to his last
            more things than you can shake a
            stick at
            mud sticks
            stick in your throat
            stick out like a sore thumb
            stick the knife in
            a stick to beat someone with
            stick to your guns
            stick to your knitting
            stick to your last
            stick your head in a noose
            stick your neck out
            stick your nose into something
            thin as a stick
            wield a big stick
            sticking
            a slicking point

            stick-in-the-mud

            a stick-in the mud
            sticky
            bat on a sticky wicket
            come to a sticky end
            on a sticky wicket

            stiff

            stiff as a board
            a stiff upper lip

            still

            steal a march
            steal someone's clothes
            steal someone's thunder
            steal the show

            the Jury is still out
            still waters run deep
            sting
            a sting in the tall
            take the sting out of something

            blow off steam
            fUll steam ahead

            stir

            steam

            stir up a hornet's nest


                evince -p 503 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            stitch
            stitch
            a stitch in time
            a stitch in time saves nine

            strain
            strain at a gnat
            strain at a gnat and swallow a
            camel

            stitches
            in stitches
            stock
            lock, stock, and

            SUlIy

            484

            strain at the leash

            strait
            barrel

            stomach
            butterflies in your stomach
            stomping
            stomping ground

            stone
            kill two birds with one stone
            leave no stone unturned
            like getting blood out of a stone
            not set in stone
            a rolling stone
            a rolling stone gathers no moss
            a stone's throw

            stones
            people who live in glass houses
            shouldn't throw stones
            stony
            fall on stony ground

            stools
            caught between two stools
            fall between two stools
            stop
            stop someone dead In their

            tracks
            stop someone In their tracks
            stop something dead In its tracks
            stop something in its tracks
            stop the show
            stops
            the buck stops here
            the buck stops with someone
            pull out all the stops
            storage
            in cold storage
            into cold storage

            store
            like a kid in a candy store
            stories
            tall stories

            storm
            the calm before the storm
            the eye of the storm
            the lull before the storm
            a port In a storm
            ride out the storm
            ride the storm
            a storm in a teacup
            take somewhere by storm
            weather the storm
            story
            a cock and bull story
            to cut a long story short
            to make a long story short
            straight
            the home straight
            keep a straight face
            play a straight bat
            put the record straight
            set the record straight
            the straight and narrow

            a straight arrow
            straight as a die
            straight from the shoulder
            with a straight face

            the strait and narrow: see
            straight

            straw
            draw the short straw
            a drowning man will clutch at a
            straw: see straws
            the final straw
            the last straw
            the last straw that breaks the
            camel's back
            make bricks without straw
            a man of straw

            a straw man
            the straw that breaks the camel's
            back

            straws
            clutch at straws
            grasp at straws
            straws in the wind
            streak
            talk a blue streak

            stream
            on stream
            street
            in Queer Street
            just up your street
            the man in the street
            right up your street
            the woman in the street

            streets

            streets ahead
            strength
            a pillar of strength: see tower
            a tower of strength
            stretch
            at full stretch
            the home stretch
            stretch the rules
            stride
            get into your stride
            hit your stride
            put someone off their stride
            take something in stride
            take something In your stride
            strike
            lightning does not strike
            twice
            strike a blow against something
            strike a blow for something
            strike a chord
            strike a raw nerve
            strike gold
            strike borne
            strike it rich
            strike lucky
            strike oil
            strike pay dirt
            strike sparks off each other
            strike while the Iron is hot
            strikes
            three strikes against someone
            two strikes against someone
            striking
            within striking distance

            string
            another string to your bow
            have someone on a string
            keep someone on a string
            strings

            apron strings
            hold the purse strings
            loosen the purse strings
            many strings to your bow; see
            string
            pull strings
            pull the strings
            tighten the purse strings
            with no strings attached
            without strings
            with strings
            with strings attached

            strip
            tear a strip off someone
            tear someone off a strip
            stroke
            put someone off their stroke
            strokes
            broad brush strokes
            broad strokes
            different strokes for different
            folks

            strong
            strong as a bull
            strong as a horse
            strong as an ox

            strut
            strut your stuff
            stubborn
            stubborn as a mule
            stuck
            squeal like a stuck pig
            stuck for words
            stuff
            strut your stuff
            stuffed
            a stuffed shirt
            stuffing
            knock the stuffing out of

            someone
            stumbling
            a stumbling block
            stump
            on the stump
            style
            cramp someone's style

            suck
            suck It and see
            teach your grandmother to suck
            eggs

            sucker
            give a sucker an even break

            sugar
            sugar the pill
            sugar-coat
            sugar-coat the pill

            suit
            follow suit
            suit someone down to the ground
            your long suit
            suits
            the men in grey suits
            the men in suits
            sully
            sully your hands


                evince -p 504 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            sum

            4W)

            swinging

            Sÿero-sum game

            come out swinging
            swings

            fl|inlPCI*
            an

            Indian summer
            swallow doesn't make a

            summer

            hay while the sun shines
            ‘make
            place in the sun

            5

            a
            Sundays
            a

            month of Sundays

            swings and roundabouts

            what you lose on the swings you
            gain on the roundabouts

            Swiss
            more holes than Swiss cheese
            switch
            switch horses in midstream
            sword
            a double-edged sword
            the Sword of Damocles
            a two-edged sword

            sunny

            sunny side up

            sunshine
            ray of sunshine

            swords

            a

            supper
            sing for

            beat swords Into ploughshares

            sure

            sure as eggs
            sure as eggs is eggs
            surface
            scratch the surface
            swallow

            a bitter pill to swallow
            one swallow doesn't make a

            summer

            strain at a gnat and swallow a
            camel
            swallow a bitter pill
            swallow your pride

            swear

            swear blind
            swear up and down
            sweat
            blood, sweat, and tears
            by the sweat of your brow
            in a cold sweat
            in a sweat
            sweat blood
            sweat like a pig
            sweep
            make a clean sweep
            a new broom sweeps clean
            sweep someone off their feet
            sweep something under the
            carpet

            sweep something under the rug
            sweep the board
            sweet
            cop it sweet
            keep someone sweet
            like a child In a sweet shop: see
            candy

            sweet as pie

            a sweet tooth

            sweeten

            sweeten the pill

            swim

            sink or swim
            swim against the tide
            swim with the tide

            swine

            cast pearls before swine

            swing

            get into the swing of something

            I

            cross swords
            turn swords into ploughshares

            your supper

            go with a swing
            in full swing

            no room to swing a
            swing in the wind
            swing the lead

            cat

            syllable
            In words of one syllable
            system
            get something out of your system
            systems
            all systems go

            t

            dot the I's and

            cross the t's

            to a T: see tee
            tab
            pick up the tab

            table

            drink someone under the table
            get your feet under the table
            lay your cards on the table
            on the table
            under the table
            tables
            tum the tables

            tab#

            keep tabs an someone
            tacks
            get down to brass tacks
            tail
            cannot make head or tall of
            something

            chase your own tali
            in two shakes of a lamb's tail
            on your tall
            a sting in the tall
            the tail wags the dog
            tum tall
            with your tall between your legs
            with your tall up
            tails
            on the coat-tails of someone
            take
            can't take the pace
            can't take your eyes off someone
            the devil take the hindmost
            every man for himself and the
            devil take the hindmost
            give and take
            give or take
            give someone an inch and they'll
            take a mile
            give with one hand and take
            away with the other
            It takes two to tango
            not take no for an answer
            not take something lying down
            take a back seat

            take a bath
            take a bead on
            take a bite out of something
            take a bow
            take a crack at something
            take a dim view of something
            take a grip on something
            take a hand in something
            take a hike: see walk
            take a leaf out of someone's book
            take a poor view of something
            take a rain check
            take a running Jump
            take a shine to someone
            take a walk
            take it easy
            take it on the chin
            take its course
            take no prisoners
            take pot luck
            take root
            take second place
            take someone by the throat
            take someone down a peg or two
            take someone for a ride
            take someone in hand
            take someone off guard
            take someone's name in vain
            take someone's part
            take someone to the cleaners
            take someone under your wing
            take something as gospel
            take something in good part
            take something In stride
            take something in your stride
            take something on board
            take something to heart
            take something with a grain of
            salt
            take something with a pinch of
            salt
            take somewhere by storm
            take the bait
            take the ball and run with it
            take the blacult
            take the bull by the horns
            take the cake
            take the edge off something
            take the gilt off the gingerbread
            take the gloves off
            take the high road
            take the law into your own hands
            take the lid off
            take the low road
            take the mtck: see mickey
            take the mickey
            take the piss
            take the plunge
            take the rap
            take the rise out of someone
            take the rough with the smooth
            take the shine off something
            take the sting out of something
            take the wind out of someone's
            sail
            take the wind out of someone's
            sails
            take the words out of someone's
            mouth
            take the wraps off something


                evince -p 505 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            taking
            take things easy
            take to something like a duck to

            water
            take to your heels
            take up the cudgels
            take up the gauntlet
            take up the slack
            take your breath away
            take your eye off the ball
            take your hat off to someone
            take your life in your hands
            taking
            like taking candy from a haby

            tale
            a cock and bull tale
            live to tell the tale
            an old wives' tale
            tell its own tale
            tell the tale
            tales
            dead men tell no tales
            tall tales
            tell tales
            talk
            money talks
            shop talk
            talk a blue streak
            talk in riddles
            talk nineteen to the dozen
            talk of the devil
            talk out of both sides of your
            mouth
            talk out of your arse
            talk over someone's head
            talk shop
            talk the hind leg off a donkey
            talk through your hat

            talk turkey
            talk under water
            talk with forked tongue
            talking

            a talking shop
            tall
            a tall order
            tail stories
            tall tales
            tangent
            go off at a tangent
            go off on a tangent
            tangled
            a tangled web
            tango
            it takes two to tango
            tank
            built like a tank
            tap
            on tap
            tape
            red tape
            taped
            have got something taped

            tar
            don't spoil the ship for a ha'porth
            of tar
            tar someone with the same brush
            target
            shoot for the same target

            taste

            someone a taste of their own
            medicine

            give

            thinking

            486
            leave a bad taste in your mouth
            taste blood
            tea
            not for all the tea in China
            not your cup of tea
            teach
            teach your grandmother to suck
            eggs
            you can't teach an old dog new
            tricks
            teacup

            a storm in a teacup
            teapot
            a tempest m a teapot

            tear
            tear a strip off someone
            tear someone limb from limb
            tear someone off a strip
            tear your hair out
            tears
            blood, sweat, and tears
            shed crocodile tears
            tee
            to a tee

            teeth
            armed to the teeth
            by the skin of your teeth
            cut your teeth
            fed up to the back teeth
            get the bit between your teeth
            get your teeth into something
            gnashing of teeth
            gnash your teeth
            grind your teeth
            grit your teeth

            have teeth
            a kick m the teeth
            kick someone in the teeth
            lie through your teeth
            like pulling teeth
            rare as hen's teeth
            scarce as hen's teeth
            set your teeth on edge
            show your teeth
            sick to the back teeth
            sink your teeth into something
            watltng and gnashing of teeth
            weeping and gnashing of

            teeth
            would give your eye teeth for
            something
            teething
            teething problems
            teething troubles
            telegraph
            the bush telegraph
            tell
            dead men tell no tales
            live to tell the tale
            tell its own tale
            tell someone where to get off
            tell tales
            tell the tale

            tempest
            a tempest in a teapot
            tempt
            tempt fate
            tempt providence: see fate

            ten
            ten a penny

            ten-foot
            wouldn't touch something with a
            ten foot pole
            tenterhooks
            on tenterhooks
            territory
            go with the territory

            terror
            a reign of terror
            test
            the acid test
            a litmus test
            stand the test of tune
            test the water
            test the waters see water
            tether
            at the end of your tether

            there
            neither here nor there
            not be all there
            thick
            in the thick of it
            in the thick of something
            lay it on thick
            thick as mince
            thick as shit
            thick as thieves
            thick as two planks
            thick as two shod planks
            thick on the ground
            a thick skin
            through thick and thin
            thicken
            the plot thickens

            thicker
            blood is thicker than water
            thieves
            thick as thieves
            thin
            from thin air
            into thin air
            out of thin air
            skate on thin ice
            spread yourself too thin
            thin as a rake
            thin as a stick
            the thin end of the wedge

            a thin line
            thin on the ground
            a thin skin
            through thick and thin
            thing
            the best thing since sliced bread
            do your own thing
            the greatest thing since sliced
            bread
            one thing leads to another
            there's no such thing as a free
            lunch
            things
            cut things fine
            not do things by halves
            play things by the book
            take things easy

            think
            think on your feet
            think the world of someone
            thinking
            get your thinking cap on
            put your thinking cap on


                evince -p 506 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            third
            third £someone the third degree
            give

            a third wheel
            thorn in your flesh
            a thorn
            a thorn

            in

            your side

            thought

            food for thought

            threadbv a thread
            hang

            three
            three sheets to the wind
            three strikes against someone
            three ring
            a three ring circus

            throat

            a lump to your throat
            rut your own throat
            a frog in your throat
            go for the throat see jugular
            grab someone by the throat
            have someone by the throat
            jump down someone's throat
            a lump in your throat
            ram something down someone's
            bring

            j

            throat

            stick in your throat
            take someone by the throat
            throats
            at each other s throats
            throes
            in the throes of something
            throne
            the power behind the throne
            throttle
            at full throttle
            in full throttle
            throw
            people who live in glass houses
            shouldn't throw stones

            1

            L

            tomorrow

            487

            a stone's throw
            throw a monkey wrench into the
            works
            throw a spanner in the works
            throw a wobbler see wobbly
            throw a wobbly
            throw a wrench into the works
            throw caution to the wind
            throw cold water on something
            throw down the gauntlet
            throw good money after bad
            throw in the sponge see towel
            throw in the towel
            throw in your hand
            throw m your lot with someone
            throw money at someone
            throw money at something
            throw mud
            throw ofT balance
            throw someone a curve
            throw someone a curve ball
            throw someone for a loop
            throw someone of! the scent
            throw someone to the dogs
            throw someone to the lions
            throw someone to the wolves
            throw something back in
            someone's face
            throw the baby out with the bath
            water

            throw the book at someone
            throw your cap into the ring: see
            hat
            throw your hat into the ring
            throw your weight about
            throw your weight around
            throw your weight behind
            something

            thrown
            be thrown into your lap
            thrust
            the cut and thrust

            thumb
            have a green thumb
            a rule of thumb
            stand out like a sore thumb
            stick out like a sore thumb
            thumb your nose at someone
            under someone's thumb

            thumbs
            all fingers and thumbs
            all thumbs
            the thumbs down
            the thumbs up
            twiddle your thumbs
            thump
            thump the tub
            thumping
            tub thumping

            thunder
            blood and thunder
            a face like thunder
            steal someone s thunder
            ticket
            a dream ticket
            a meal ticket
            a one way ticket
            tickled
            tickled pink
            tide
            stem the tide
            swim against the tide
            swim with the tide
            tie
            the old school tie
            something ties your hands
            tie someone in knots
            tie the knot
            tie yourself in knots
            tied
            fit to be tied
            have your hands tied
            with one hand tied behind your
            back
            with your hands tied behind your
            back: see hand
            your hands are tied
            tiger

            a paper tiger
            tight
            hold someone on a tight rein
            in a tight comer

            a tight rein on someone
            on a tight leash
            run a tight ship
            keep

            sit tight
            tighten
            tighten the purse strings
            tighten the screw
            tighten your belt

            on someone

            tightrope
            walk a tightrope

            tiles
            on the tiles
            till
            have your fingers in the till
            have your hand in the till
            tiller
            a steady hand on the tiller
            tilt
            tilt at windmills
            time
            be on borrowed time
            big time
            the big time

            crunch time
            a full time job
            have a whale of a time
            hit the big time
            m the nick of time
            live on borrowed time
            mark time
            play for time
            race against time
            nde two horses at the same time
            stand the test of time
            a stitch in time
            a stitch m time saves nine
            time on your hands

            tin
            a cat on a hot tin roof
            have a tin ear for something
            a little tin god
            put the tin lid on something
            a tin god

            tinker
            not

            give

            not

            give

            a tinker's cuss
            a tinker's damn

            tip

            on the tip of your tongue
            the tip of the iceberg
            tip someone the wink
            tip the balance
            tip the scales

            tod

            on your tod
            today
            here today gone tomorrow
            jam today

            toe
            from head to toe
            from top to toe
            a toe in the water
            toe the line
            toe to toe

            toes
            keep you on your toes
            make your toes curl
            step on someone's toes
            tread on someone's toes
            turn up your toes

            toffee
            can t do something for toffee
            told
            a little bird told me
            Tom
            every Tom Dick, and Harry
            tomorrow
            as if there were no tomorrow
            here today gone tomorrow


                evince -p 507 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            ton
            Jam tomorrow

            like there's no tomorrow
            tomorrow is another day

            ton
            come down on someone like a ton
            of bricks
            like a ton of bricks
            tongs
            go at it hammer and tongs
            go at someone hammer and tongs
            hammer and tongs
            tongue
            bite your tongue
            find your tongue
            get your tongue round something
            give someone the rough edge of
            your tongue
            give someone the rough side of
            your tongue
            hold your tongue
            on the tip of your tongue
            a slip of the tongue
            speak with forked tongue
            talk with forked tongue
            tongue in check
            with tongue in cheek
            tongue-lashing
            tongue-lashing

            tongues
            set tongues wagging
            tongues are waggtng
            tonne: see ton
            tools
            down tools
            lay down tools
            the tools of the trade
            tooth
            an eye for an eye, a tooth for a
            tooth
            fight tooth and claw
            fight tooth and nail
            long In the tooth
            red in tooth and claw

            a sweet tooth
            with a fine tooth comb
            top
            blow your top
            from top to bottom
            from top to toe
            get on top of you
            kangaroos in your top paddock
            off the top of your head
            on top of something
            on top of the world
            over the top
            the top drawer
            the top of the heap
            the top of the ptle
            the top of the tree
            torch
            carry a torch for someone
            carry the torch

            toss
            argue the toss

            not give a toss
            toss-up
            be a toss-up
            touch
            at the touch of a button
            the

            common touch

            try

            488

            an easy touch
            kick something into touch
            light the blue touch paper
            light the touch paper
            a soft touch
            touch a chord
            touch all the bases
            touch and go
            touch a nerve
            touch base
            touch wood
            touch your forelock
            wouldn't touch something with a
            barge pole
            wouldn't touch something with a
            ten-foot pole
            tough
            tough as nails
            tough as old boots
            a tough cookie
            a lough nut
            a tough nut to crack
            a tough row to hoe

            tow
            tow the line

            towel
            throw In the towel

            tower
            an Ivory tower
            a tower of strength

            town
            go to town
            a one horse town
            the only game in town
            patnt the town red

            traces
            kick over the traces
            track
            the Cast track
            have a one-track mind
            have the Inside track
            keep track of something
            lose track of someone
            off the beaten track
            on the right track
            on the wrong track
            a track record

            tracks

            cover your tracks
            from the wrong side of the tracks
            make tracks
            stop someone dead In their
            tracks
            stop someone in their tracks
            stop something dead In Its tracks
            stop something in Its tracks
            trade
            the tools of the trade
            trades
            a Jack of all trades
            trail
            blaze a trail
            a paper trail
            trail your coat
            train
            a gravy train
            trap
            fall Into the trap
            tread
            fools rush In where angels fear to

            tread
            tread on someone's toes
            tread water

            treat
            a Dutch treat
            treat someone with kid gloves

            tree
            bark up the wrong tree

            out of your tree
            the top of the tree
            up a gum tree

            trees
            not grow on trees
            not see the forest for the trees
            not see the wood for the trees

            trial
            a trial balloon
            trick
            do the trick
            every trick In the book
            not miss a trick
            the oldest trick In the book

            tricks
            someone's bag of tricks
            up to your old tricks
            up to your tricks
            you can't teach an old dog new

            tricks
            trim
            in fighting trim
            trim your sails
            trip
            a trip to the showers
            Trojan
            a Trojan horse
            trolley
            off your trolley

            troubled
            fish In troubled waters
            pour oil on troubled waters
            troubles
            teething troubles

            trousers
            all mouth and no trousers
            all mouth and trousers
            catch someone with their trousers
            down: see pants
            wear the trousers
            trowel
            lay It on with a trowel
            truck
            have no truck with something

            true
            ring true

            see someone in their true colours
            show your true colours
            trump
            play your trump card
            a trump card
            trumpet
            blow your own trumpet
            trumps

            come up trumps
            turn up trumps
            truth
            economical with the truth
            the gospel truth
            try
            nice try but no cigar
            try something for size


                evince -p 508 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            size
            u-y something on for

            '

            something out for size
            y°ur hand at something

            try
            wings
            try yo“r

            'Tikelfymg to nail Jell-O to the
            wall

            tub
            thump

            the tub

            tubes

            down the tubes

            tub-thumping
            tub-thumping

            tuck
            pip

            and tuck

            tucker

            your best bib and tucker

            tug

            tug at the heartstrings
            tug your forelock

            tumble

            rough and tumble
            tune
            call the tune
            a change of tune
            change your tune
            dance to someone's tune
            he who pays the piper calls the
            tune
            march to a different tune
            sing a different tune
            sing the same tune

            tunnel
            the light at the end of the tunnel
            tunnel vision
            turkey
            talk turkey
            a turkey shoot
            turkeys
            like turkeys voting for Christmas

            turn
            at every turn
            not tum a hair
            turn a blind eye to something
            tum a deaf ear to something
            tum ftill circle
            tum heads
            tum in your grave
            tum over a new leaf
            tum over in your grave
            tum something on Its head
            tum swords into ploughshares
            tum tall
            tum the clock back
            tum the corner
            tum the heat on someone
            tum the other cheek
            tum the page
            turn the screw on someone
            tum the tables

            tum turtle
            tum up like a bad penny
            turn up the heat on someone

            tum up trumps

            turn up your nose at something
            tum up your toes
            tum your back on someone
            turn your back on something
            turn your hand to something
            the worm turns

            vessels

            489

            trying
            turned

            poacher turned gamekeeper

            when your back is turned
            turning

            the wheels are turning
            turnip
            like getting blood out of a turnip
            tum-up
            a turn up for the books

            turtle
            turn turtle
            twain
            never the twain shall meet
            twice
            lightning doss not strike twice
            once bitten, twice shy
            twiddle
            twiddle your thumbs
            twist
            get your knickers in a twist
            round the twist
            twist in the wind
            twist someone around your little
            finger

            twist someone's arm
            twist the knife
            twist the knife in the wound

            twtxt

            there is many a slip twlxt cup
            and lip

            two
            alike as two peas in a pod
            a bird in the hand is worth two
            in the bush
            bring someone down a peg or two
            caught between two stools
            cut two ways
            fall between two stools
            for two pins
            in two minds
            in two shakes
            in two shakes of a lamb's tall
            It takes two to tango
            kill two birds with one stone
            the lesser of two evils
            like two peas in a pod
            not give two hoots see hoot
            not have two nickels to rub
            together
            not have two pennies to mb
            together

            not serve two masters
            of two minds
            put two and two together
            ride two horses at once
            ride two horses at the same time
            stand on your own two feet
            take someone down a peg or two
            thick as two planks
            thick as two short planks
            two a penny
            two bites of the cherry: see bite
            two sides of the same coin
            two strikes against someone
            your two cents' worth
            your two penn'orth
            two-edged

            a two-edged sword
            ugly

            rear its ugly head

            umbilical
            cut the umbilical cord
            unbowed
            bloodied but unbowed
            uncle
            Bob's your uncle
            under
            under a cloud
            under par
            under someone's feet
            under someone's thumb
            under the counter
            under the gun
            under the hammer
            under the table
            under the weather
            under the win* of someone
            under the wire
            under your belt
            under your nose
            under your own steam
            unglued

            come

            unglued

            unknown
            an unknown quantity
            unquote
            quote, unquote
            unstuck
            come unstuck

            unto
            a law unto yourself
            unturned
            leave no stone unturned
            up

            on the up

            on the up and up
            upper
            a stiff upper lip
            the upper hand
            uppers
            down on your uppers
            on your uppers
            upset
            upset the applecart
            upstairs
            kick someone upstairs

            use

            it's no use crying over spilled

            no use to man or beast
            usual
            business as usual
            vacuum
            in a vacuum
            vain

            take someone's name in vain

            value
            at face value
            variety
            garden-variety
            variety is the spice of life

            veil
            draw a veil over something
            velvet
            an iron fist in a velvet glove

            verse

            chapter

            vessels

            and verse

            empty vessels make the most
            noise


                evince -p 509 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            vest
            empty vessels make the most

            sound

            vest
            keep your cards close to the vest
            play your cards close to the vest

            vicious
            a vicious circle
            view

            a bird's-eye view
            a ringside view
            take a dim view of something
            take a poor view of something
            a worm's eye view

            villain
            the villain of the piece
            vine
            die on the vine
            wither on the vine
            violet
            no shrinking violet
            a shrinking violet
            vision
            tunnel vision
            voice
            a lone voice In the wilderness
            a voice crying in the wilderness
            volumes
            speak volumes

            vote
            vote with your feet
            voting
            like turkeys voting for Christmas
            wag
            the tall wags the dog
            wagging
            set tongues wagging
            tongues are wagging

            wagon
            fall off the wagon
            hitch your wagon to a star
            hitch your wagon to someone
            on the wagon
            wagons
            circle the wagons
            pull your wagons in a circle

            walling
            walling and gnashing of teeth

            wait
            wait on someone hand and foot
            waiting

            a waiting game

            wake
            In something's wake
            In the wake of something
            wake up and smell the coffee
            wake-up
            a wake-up call

            walk
            run before you can walk
            take a walk
            walk a knife-edge
            walk a tightrope
            walk into the lion's den
            walk on air
            walk on eggs: see eggshells
            walk on eggshells
            walk the gangplank: see plank
            walk the plank
            walking
            walking papers

            ways

            490

            wall
            bang your head against

            a brick

            wall
            bang your head against a wall
            come up against a brick wall
            drive someone up the wall
            a fly on the wall
            go to the wall
            the handwriting is on the wall

            have your back to the wall
            hit the wall
            like trying to nail Jell-O to the
            wall
            nail someone to the wall
            off the wall
            the writing is on the wall

            walls
            climb the walls
            walls have ears

            war
            all's fair In love and war
            lose the battle, win the war
            a war of nerves
            a war of words
            win the battle, lose the war

            warm
            warm the cockles of your heart
            warmed
            like death warmed over
            like death warmed up
            warning
            warning bells ring
            a warning shot

            a warning shot across someone's
            bows
            warpath
            on the warpath

            warrant
            sign someone's death warrant
            sign your own death warrant

            wars
            In the wars
            warts

            warts and all
            wash
            come out In the wash
            wash your dirty linen in public
            wash your hands of something
            washing
            do your dirty washing in public

            waste
            a waste of space
            waste your breath
            watch
            on someone's watch
            watch grass grow
            watch paint dry
            watch someone like a hawk
            watch your p's and q's

            watched
            a watched pot never boils
            water
            blood is thicker than water
            blow something out of the water
            come hell or high water
            dead in the water
            a fish out of water
            in deep water
            In hot water
            keep your bead above water

            like water off a duck's back
            make your mouth water
            milk and water
            not hold water
            of the first water
            oil and water
            pour cold water on something
            spend money like water
            tike to something like a duck to
            water
            talk under water
            test the water
            through hell and high water
            throw cold water on something
            throw the baby out with the bath
            water
            a toe in the water
            tread water
            water over the dam
            water under the bridge
            you can lead a horse to water but
            you can't make him drink

            waterfront
            cover the waterfront
            Waterloo
            meet your Waterloo

            waters
            cast your bread upon the waters
            fish In troubled waters
            muddy the waters
            pour oil on troubled waters
            still waters run deep
            test the waters: see water

            wave

            catch the wave
            on the crest of a wave
            ride the crest of the wave
            wavelength
            on the same wavelength

            waves
            make waves

            wax

            the whole ball of wax
            way
            all the way down the line
            be way off beam
            can't fight your way out of a
            paper bag
            cry all the way to the bank
            the easy way out
            go back a long way
            go way back
            laugh all the way to the bank
            look the other way
            a one-way ticket
            pave the way
            rub someone the wrong way
            rub someone up the wrong
            way
            see which way the cat jumps
            smooth the way
            that's the way the cookie
            crumbles
            there's more than one way to
            skin a cat
            way out of line
            which way the wind Is blowing
            ways
            cut both ways
            cut two ways


                evince -p 510 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            wayside
            ,he

            your ways
            error ofways

            mend your
            set in your

            ways

            Wfa»*by*he wayside
            week

            a weak link
            a weak link in the chain
            wear
            wear yourself to a frazzle
            Wear the pants

            wear the trousers
            wear your heart on your sleeve

            the worse for wear
            weather
            keep

            a weather eye on something
            heavy weather of

            make

            something

            under the weather
            weather the storm
            web
            a tangled web
            wedding

            like a spare prick at a wedding
            wedge

            drive a wedge between people
            the thin end of the wedge
            weeping
            weeping

            and gnashing of teeth

            weight
            carry the weight of the world on
            your shoulders
            carry weight
            a dead weight
            pull your weight
            throw your weight about
            throw your weight around
            throw your weight behind
            something
            a weight ofT your mind
            worth your weight in gold

            west
            go west

            wet
            get your feet wet
            have your feet wet

            wet behind the ears
            a wet blanket
            wet someone's appetite
            wet your whistle

            whale
            have a whale of a time

            wheat

            separate the wheat from the chaff
            sort the wheat from the chaff
            wheel
            a big wheel
            break a butterfly on a wheel
            a fifth wheel
            Put a spoke in someone's wheel
            Put your shoulder to the wheel

            reinvent the wheel
            a third wheel
            the wheel has come full circle

            wheels

            I

            grease the wheels

            oil the wheels
            set the wheels in motion
            spin your wheels
            the wheels are turning

            wing

            491

            wheels within wheels

            wherefores
            the whys and wherefores
            whet
            whet someone's appetite
            whimper
            not with a bang but a whimper

            whip
            crack the whip
            a fair crack of the whip
            have the whip hand
            hold the whip hand
            whip something into shape
            whipping
            a whipping boy

            whirl
            give something a whirl

            whirlwind
            reap the whirlwind

            sow the wind and reap the
            whirlwind
            whisker
            by a whisker
            within a whisker of something
            whiskers
            the cat's whiskers
            whistle
            blow the whistle on someone
            clean as a whistle
            wet your whistle
            whistle Dixie
            whistle for something
            whistle in the dark
            whistle in the wind
            whistles
            bells and whistles
            white
            black and white
            bleed someone white
            in black and white
            white as a ghost
            white as a sheet
            white as snow
            a white elephant
            a white lie
            whiter than white
            whiter
            whiter than white

            whole
            go the whole hog
            go whole hog
            the whole ball of wax
            the whole caboodle
            whole cloth
            the whole kit and caboodle
            the whole nine yards
            the whole shooting match
            the whole works
            whys
            the whys and

            wherefores

            wick
            get on someone's wick
            wicket
            bat on a sticky wicket

            on a sticky wicket
            wide
            be wide open
            blow something wide open
            cast a wide net
            give someone a wide berth

            into the wide blue yonder
            lay yourself wide open
            leave yourself wide open
            wide of the mark

            wider
            cast the net wider

            wield
            wield a big stick
            wig
            flip your wig

            wild
            go bog wild
            into the wild blue yonder
            sow your wild oats
            a wild card
            a wild goose chase
            wild horses
            wilderness
            in the wilderness
            a lone voice in the wilderness
            a voice crying in the wilderness

            wildest
            beyond your wildest dreams
            never in your wildest dreams

            wildfire
            spread like wildfire

            willies
            give you the willies

            wills
            a battle of wills
            win
            lose the battle, win the war
            win hands down
            win the battle, lose the war
            win your spurs
            wind
            blow in the wind
            catch wind of something
            get the wind up
            get wind of something
            how the wind is blowing
            in the wind
            it's an ill wind
            it's an ill wind that blows nobody
            any good
            like the wind
            put the wind up someone
            sail close to the wind
            a second wind
            sow the wind and reap the
            whirlwind
            spit in the wind
            straws in the wind
            swing in the wind
            take the wind out of someone's
            sail
            take the wind out of someone's
            sails
            three sheets to the wind
            throw caution to the wind
            twist in the wind
            which way the wind is blowing
            whistle in the wind
            windmills
            tilt at windmills
            window
            go out of the window
            go out the window
            wing

            on a

            wing

            and a prayer


                evince -p 511 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            wings
            take someone under your wing
            under the wing of someone
            wings
            clip someone's wings
            in the wings
            spread your wings
            try your wings

            wink
            a nod and a wink
            not get a wink of sleep
            not sleep a wink
            a nudge and a wink
            quick as a wink
            tip

            someone the wink

            winks
            forty winks

            wink-wink
            nudge nudge, wink wink
            wipe
            wipe the floor with someone
            wipe the slate clean

            wire
            down to the wire
            a live wire
            under the wire
            wires
            get your wires crossed
            wisdom
            pearls of wisdom
            wise
            penny wise and pound foolish
            wither
            wither on the vine
            wits
            at your wits' end
            a battle of wits
            collect your wits
            gather your wits
            have your wits about you
            keep your wits about you
            need your wits about you
            pit your wits against someone
            scare someone out of their
            wits

            wives
            an old wives' tale
            wobbler
            throw a wobbler see wobbly
            wobbly
            throw a wobbly

            wolf
            cry wolf
            keep the wolf from the door

            a lone wolf
            a sheep in wolfs clothing
            a wolf in sheep's clothing

            wolves
            throw

            woman

            someone to the wolves

            hell hath no fUry like a woman
            scorned
            a one-woman band
            the woman in the street
            you can't keep a good woman
            down
            your right hand woman

            women

            God's gift to women
            wonder
            a nine day wonder

            wrist

            492

            a one-day wonder
            wood
            babes in the wood
            dead wood
            knock on wood
            knock wood
            not see the wood for the trees
            touch wood

            wooden
            a wooden nickel
            the wooden spoon

            woods
            out of the woods
            your neck of the woods

            woodwork
            come out of the woodwork
            wool
            dyed-in the-wool
            pull the wool over someone's

            eyes

            word
            a dirty word
            from the word go
            get a word in edgeways
            get a word in edgewise
            not know the meaning of the
            word

            someone's word is law
            a word in someone's ear
            words
            actions speak louder than words
            at a loss for words
            eat your words
            famous last words
            in words of one syllable
            lost for words
            not mince your words
            put words into someone's mouth
            stuck for words
            take the words out of someone's
            mouth
            a war of words

            work
            all in a day's work
            do someone's dirty work
            do the donkey work
            have your work cut out
            a nasty piece of work
            work overtime
            work your fingers to the bone
            work your guts out
            work your heart out
            work your socks off

            works
            in the works
            put a spanner in the works
            throw a monkey wrench into the
            works
            throw a spanner In the works
            throw a wrench into the works
            the whole works
            the works
            world
            at odds with the world
            carry the weight of the world on
            your shoulders
            come down in the world
            come up in the world
            dead to the world
            the four corners of the world

            go up in the world
            it's a small world
            move up in the world
            not long for this world
            not set the world on fire
            not the end of the world
            on top of the world
            out of this world
            small world
            think the world of someone
            the world is your oyster

            worlds
            the best of both worlds
            the worst of both worlds

            worm
            the early bird catches the worm
            a worm's eye view
            the worm turns

            worms

            a bag of worms

            a can of worms
            worse
            the worse for wear
            your bark is worse than your
            bite

            worst
            the worst of both worlds
            worth
            a bird in the hand is worth two
            in the bush
            the game is not worth the candle
            not worth a row of beans
            not worth the candle
            not worth the paper it's written
            on
            worth their salt
            worth your weight in gold
            your two cents' worth

            wound
            rub salt into the wound
            twist the knife in the wound

            wounds
            lkk your wounds
            open old wounds
            reopen old wounds
            wrack
            wrack and ruin see rack
            wrack your brain see brains
            wrack your brains
            wrap
            wrap someone around your little
            finger

            wrap someone's knuckles
            wrap yourself in the flag
            wraps
            keep something under wraps
            take the wraps off something
            the wraps come off
            wrench
            throw a monkey wrench into the
            works
            throw a wrench into the works
            wring
            wring someone's neck
            wring your hands
            wringer
            be put through the wringer
            go through the wringer
            wrist
            a slap on the wrist


                evince -p 512 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            zero-sum

            493

            write

            get hold of the wrong end of the

            to write home about
            «o write home about

            writing

            is on the wall
            the writing
            written the paper it's written
            worth

            not
            on
            written all over your face
            wrong
            horse
            back the wrong
            wrong tree

            bark up the
            caught on the wrong foot
            fall into the wrong hands
            from the wrong side of the

            tracks

            stick
            get off on the wrong foot
            get out of bed on the wrong
            side
            get out of bed the wrong side
            get the wrong end of the stick
            not put a foot wrong
            on the wrong end of something
            on the wrong track
            rub someone the wrong way
            rub someone up the wrong way

            wrote
            that's all she wrote
            yank
            yank someone's chain

            yards
            the whole nine yards

            year
            from the year dot
            since the year dot
            years
            donkey's years
            yesterday
            not bom yesterday
            yonder
            into the wide blue yonder
            into the wild blue yonder
            young
            young blood

            zero-sum
            a zero-sum game


                evince -p 513 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/En-IdiomDict.pdf &

            COLLINS

            COBUILD
            COLLINS Birmingham l mversiD International Language Database

            DICTIONARY OF IDIOMS
            This is an important new dictionary from the innovative COBUILD team.
            It explains approximately 4400 current British and American English idioms. It
            gives in depth treatment of their meanings, contexts of use, and pragmatics, and
            it includes a rich collection of examples taken from The Bank of English.
            The Bank of English provides a wealth of information about the frequencies,
            forms, and usage of idioms today. Because the COBUILD Dictionary of Idioms is
            based on this unique resource, the information which it gives about this
            fascinating area of language is reliable and up to date. This dictionary will be
            invaluable to all students and teachers of English.

            4400 idioms from British and American English
            Information about idiom frequencies

            Clear layout
            Detailed explanations of usage
            Coverage of the ways in which idioms vary

            Over 8500 real examples
            Full index, so idioms can be found easily
            mHE BANK OF ENGLISH is

            a unique computer database

            X which monitors and records the way in which the English

            language is actually used in the modern world. It is continually
            expanding and contains over 300 million words, from
            contemporary British. American, and international sources:
            newspapers, magazines, books, TV, radio, and real life
            conversations - the language as it is written and spoken today.

            ISBN 0-00-370946-9

            S:

            BANK </ENGLISH

            9 "780003™709469


                evince -p 224 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/en-idiomdict2.pdf &

