set foldmethod=indent foldlevel=2
vim: fdm=indent:fdl=2:

                evince -p 4 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/en-idiomdict2.pdf &

            INTRODUCTION

            If I may be accused of encouraging or inventing a new vice - the mania,
            or 'idiomania', I may perhaps call it - of collecting what Pater calls the
            'gypsy phrases' of our language, I have at least been punished by becoming
            one of its most careless and incorrigible victims. (Logan Pearsall
            Smith, Words and Idioms, 1925)

            Our belief is that people turn to a book on idioms for two main purposes:
            for reference and to browse. We have tried to cater for both.

            Reference

            Each phrase dealt with in the body of the book is listed alphabetically in
            relation to a key word in it. As idioms are by definition phrases and not
            single words, there is necessarily a choice to be made of which word to
            classify the phrase by. We have exercised our judgement as to which is the
            key word (normally a noun or a verb) but, in case our intuitions do not
            coincide with the reader's, we have provided an index of the important words
            in each expression.

            The head words are followed by a definition. This is the contemporary
            sense or senses - an important point, given that many idioms have a long
            history and have undergone changes in meaning, often marked ones, during
            the centuries. Similarly, the comments under Usage are there to provide
            guidance on the current formality or informality of the phrase, typical contexts
            of its use, its grammatical peculiarities, variations in form - all necessary
            reference material given that idioms characteristically break the rules (see
            What is an idiom?, page 6).

            A further guide to usage lies in the contemporary quotations that are a
            part of many entries. Quotations are listed in chronological order and the
            more recent provide a taste of how modern authors use idioms. We would

                evince -p 5 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/en-idiomdict2.pdf &

            Vi + Introduction +

            like to thank Harper Collins for permission to use a number of quotations
            from their computer corpus (acknowledged in the text in each instance as
            'Cobuild Corpus'). We have drawn on the traditional collections of extracts
            for other examples, but the great majority of the contemporary illustrations
            are from the serendipity of our eclectic reading over the last year. We make
            no claims for comprehensive coverage of today's press - the quoting of Good
            Housekeeping and the Mid Sussex Times simply means that we read them
            regularly!

            The bibliography is there both to show our sources and to provide a point
            of extended reference. It is by no means complete: it contains some of the
            books we have referred to which are collections of idioms of one type or
            another. To have included them all - not to mention the hundreds of books
            of general language and wider reference we have consulted - would have
            produced a bibliography of unmanageable length. If in the text of the book
            we refer to a specific source, the name of the author alone may be given
            (e.g. Edwards); if he has more than one entry in the bibliography, the name
            is followed by a date (e.g. Funk 1950).

            Browsing

            Our own love of the curious in language is, we have observed, shared by
            others. For them, and for ourselves, we have written the parts of this book
            that aim to please the browser.

            The entries have been selected because they have a tale to tell. Many
            idioms were rejected because there was nothing interesting to say about
            them. Plenty more have had to be excluded because of pressures of time and
            space, but we hope that what remains is a satisfying cross-section of the vast
            range of idioms which occur in everyday English, even if it cannot claim to
            be a comprehensive list.

            The etymology - or etymologies, since there are often alternative accounts
            - tries to go back to the earliest origins. We endeavour to give dates, but it
            is often impossible to do this with any confidence. Phrases have literal meanings,
            then they generally develop metaphorical uses and ultimately, in typical
            cases, acquire an idiomatic sense that is separate from the literal one. The
            form a phrase takes may also vary considerably over the years. It is therefore
            extremely difficult to state accurately when the idiom was first used - as an
            idiom. Wherever possible, we make the best estimate we can. We have also
            sometimes selected quotations to show the historical change in the use or
            form of phrases, as well as for their intrinsic interest.

            The stories behind the expressions are in part those that authorities suggest.
            Our own researches have added to or replaced these, where we felt it
            was necessary. Quite often it is impossible to say with certainty what is the
            * Introduction + Vii

                evince -p 6 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/en-idiomdict2.pdf &

            best source; in these instances, we have not hesitated to admit that doubt
            exists.

            There are various essays strategically situated throughout the book (usually
            near entries on a connected theme). These are of various kinds - linguistic,
            historical, just plain curious - and are intended to inform and entertain. One
            of them is entitled The Old Curiosity Shop of Linguistics (see page 108). This
            could also serve as the watchword for all that we have tried to provide for
            the browser!

            In conclusion, our aim has been to provide a balance of reference information
            and a richer varied diet for the curious; we have striven for scholarly accuracy
            without falling into academic pedantry. We have certainly made mistakes
            and would welcome comments and corrections.

            We owe a debt to many. The erudition of Stevenson and Funk, for
            example, is extraordinary and it is complemented in recent times by the
            labours of Brandreth, Manser and Rees, amongst others. Our local library
            has been very helpful and our children, John and Anna, extremely indulgent
            with their occupied parents. To these and many more, our thanks.

            NOTE TO THE PAPERBACK EDITION

            We were delighted to receive very well-informed comments from a number of
            sources on the publication of the hardback edition of this book. One correspondent
            even devoted much of Christmas Day to the task! On the publication
            of the paperback edition, we would like to extend a similar invitation to
            readers to comment where they feel appropriate.
            MAIN ESSAYS

                evince -p 7 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/en-idiomdict2.pdf &



            What is an idiom?
            Creativity

            Proverbs and idioms

            In black and white

            A question of colour

            Like a load of old bull
            Splitting one's sides

            A transatlantic duo
            National rivalries

            Hammer horror stories
            People

            The Old Curiosity Shop of Linguistics
            Giving it to them hot and strong
            The absurd

            Moonshine

            A life on the ocean waves
            Memorable events

            Justice for the Scots!
            Advertisements

            The Bible and Shakespeare
            It's not cricket

            Rights for animals

            19
            24

            43

            53

            63

            76

            93
            105
            108
            117
            118
            130
            138
            156
            165
            173
            180
            201
            205

pony up?? (=pynta, hosta upp (pengar))
          evince -p 8 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/en-idiomdict2.pdf &
        aback: taken aback
            shocked, surprised

            In the days of sailing-ships, if the wind
            unexpectedly whipped the huge sails back
            against the masts, the ship was taken
            aback, that is, its progress was abruptly
            halted. This could happen either through
            faulty steering or a swift change in wind
            direction. The shock involved relates now
            to a person's reaction when suddenly
            stopped short by a piece of news or a
            surprising event.

            A short distance down the unfrequented
            lane, the Prime Minister's car was suddenly
            held up by a band of masked men.
            The chauffeur, momentarily taken aback,

            jammed on the brakes.
            AGATHA CHRISTIE, Poirot Investigates. The Kidnapped
            Prime Minister, 1925.

            'I say, can I help? Id like to.' Willie was

            quite taken aback at being asked.
            MICHELLE MAGORIAN, Goodnight Mr Tom,
            1981.

            He wasted no time with social niceties,
            asking her immediately how many times
            she had tried to commit suicide. She was
            taken aback, but her reply was equally

            forthright: 'Four or five times.'
            ANDREW MORTON, Diana: Her True Story, 1992.

            above board

            honest, straight

            If a business deal is above board it is
            honest and would bear the scrutiny of all
            concerned. The phrase is said to refer to
            the dishonest practices of gamesters who
            would drop their hands below the board,
            or table, to exchange unfavourable cards.
            Games played with hands above board
            removed at least that weapon from the
            cheater's armoury.

            Nowadays, when young women go about
            in kilts and are as bare-backed as wild
            horses, there's no excitement. The cards
            are all on the table, nothing's left to fancy.
            All's above board and consequently
            boring.

            ALDOUS HUXLEY, Those Barren Leaves, 1925.

            I shall keep inside the gates, so no one can
            say I've driven on the public roads without
            a licence. Everything above board, that's

            my motto.
            JOHN WAIN, Hurry On Down, 1953.
            2 + Achilles' heel +

                evince -p 9 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/en-idiomdict2.pdf &

            Achilles' heel, an

            a weak or vulnerable spot in something
            or someone which is otherwise strong

            According to Greek mythology, Thetis
            held her young son Achilles by the heel
            while dipping him into the river Styx to
            make him invulnerable. Achilles' heel,
            however, remained dry and was his only
            weakness. After years as a brave and
            invincible warrior, Achilles was killed
            during the Trojan war by an arrow which
            pierced his heel. His deadly enemy Paris
            had learned of his secret and aimed at
            the weak spot. The full story is told in
            Homer's Iliad.

            A social climber can ill afford an Achilles
            heel, and this particular weakness on Hutchins'
            part would probably be disastrous

            to him sooner or later.
            JOHN WAIN, Hurry On Down, 1953.

            usage: As in the quotation, there may be
            no apostrophe. Most people would insert
            one, however. Originally used of people
            and their character, it may now be
            applied to projects and plans. Literary.

            see also: feet of clay

            acid test, the

            a foolproof test for assessing the value of
            something

            A sure way to find out whether a metal
            was pure gold was to test it with
            aquafortis, or nitric acid. Most metals are
            corroded away by nitric acrid but gold
            remains unaffected.

            Although the original acid test has been
            known for centuries, the phrase in its
            figurative use is only a hundred years old.
            If something survives the acid test it has
            been proved true beyond the shadow of
            a doubt.

            The treatment accorded Russia by her sister
            nations in the months to come will be

            the acid test of their good will.
            WOODROW WILSON, Address, January 8. 1918.

            usage: Bordering on a cliché

            Adam's ale

            water

            Adam's ale is water, this being all that
            Adam had to drink in Eden. The phrase
            is thought to have been introduced by the
            Puritans. Hyamson refers to a work by
            Prynne entitled Sovereign Power of
            Parliament (1643) to support this theory.

            A cup of cold Adam from the next purling
            brook.

            THOMAS BROWN, Works, 1760.

            Adam's ale, about the only gift that has
            descended undefiled from the Garden of

            Eden.
            EMERY A. STORRS. Adam's Ale, 1875.

            usage: Literary and jocular

            Adam's apple

            the lump on the forepart of the throat
            which is especially visible in men

            The Adam's apple is the thyroid cartilage
            which appears as a lump in the throat. It
            is said to be there as a reminder that, in
            the biblical story of the Garden of Eden,
            Adam ate the forbidden apple, a piece of
            which became lodged in his throat.
            Having the noose adjusted and secured by

                evince -p 10 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/en-idiomdict2.pdf &

            tightening above his Adam's apple.
            DAILY TELEGRAPH, 1865.

            add insult to injury, to

            to upset someone and then to deliver a
            second insult, to make an already bad
            situation worse by a second insulting act
            or remark

            Some authorities claim:a very ancient
            origin for this phrase, tracing it back to a
            book of fables by the Roman writer
            Phaedrus from about 25 BC. The fable in
            question is The Bald Man and the Fly in
            which a man attempts to squash an insect
            which has just stung him on his bald patch
            by delivering a smart smack. The fly
            escapes the blow and mocks him for wanting
            to avenge the bite of a tiny insect with
            death. To the injury of the sting he has
            only succeeded in adding the insult of the
            self-inflicted blow.

            Other authorities, however, point out
            that in past centuries, while 'injury' certainly
            meant physical hurt, it could also
            equally well apply to wounded feelings
            and was synonymous with 'insult'. French
            injure (from the same Latin origin iniuria)
            has today the predominant sense of
            'insult, abuse'. The effect is therefore to
            intensify the original injury by adding
            'insult to insult'.

            And now insult was added to injury. The
            Queen of the French wrote her a formal
            letter, calmly announcing, as a family
            event in which she was sure Victoria would
            be interested, the marriage of her son,

            Montpensier.
            LYTTON STRACHEY, Qucen Victoria, 1921.
            - alive and kicking» 3

            In an insolent proclamation from Lausanne
            General Rapp added insult to injury
            by telling the heirs of a thousand years of
            ordered liberty that their history showed
            they could not settle their affairs without

            the intervention of France.
            SIR ARTHUR BRYANT, Years of Victory, 1944,

            alive and kicking

            very active, lively

            This is one of those expressions that lend
            themselves to imaginative interpretation.
            Partridge (1940) suggests that it is a fishvendor's
            call to advertise his wares. The
            fish are so fresh that they are still jumping
            and flapping about. Another authority
            says it refers to the months of a pregnancy
            following 'quickening', when the mother
            is able to feel the child she is carrying
            moving in her womb.

            The universe isn't a machine after all. It's
            alive and kicking. And in spite of the fact
            that man with his cleverness has discovered
            some of the habits of our old
            earth, the old demon isn't quite nabbed.
            D. H. LAWRENCE, Selected Essays, "Climbing Down
            Pisgah'. 1924.

            I suppose if I died you'd cry a bit. That
            would be nice of you and very proper. But
            I'm all alive and kicking. Don't you find

            me rather a nuisance?
            W. SOMERSET MAUGHAM, The Bread-Winner,
            1930.

            usage: colloquial
            4 + amuck +

                evince -p 11 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/en-idiomdict2.pdf &

            amuck: to run amuck

            to be frenzied, out of control

            The phrase comes from a Malayan word
            amogq which describes the behaviour of
            tribesmen who, perhaps under the influence
            of opium, would work themselves
            into a murderous frenzy and lash out at
            anyone they came across.

            On its first introduction in the seventeenth
            century, there were varying spellings.
            Then amuck became the accepted
            form until well-travelled writers of this
            century popularised the spelling amok.
            They were accused of affectedly showing
            off their knowledge of the source
            language. Nowadays either spelling is
            acceptable.

            So that when the policeman arrived and
            found me running amuck with an assegai
            apparently without provocation, it was
            rather difficult to convince him that I

            wasn't tight.
            P. G. WODEHOUSE, Uncle Fred in the Springtime,
            1939,

            see also: to go berserk

            angel: to write like an angel

            to have beautiful handwriting; to be a
            gifted writer of prose or poetry

            Isaac D'Israeli gives the origin of the
            expression in Curiosities of Literature:

            There is a strange phrase connected with
            the art of the calligrapher which I think
            may be found in most, if not in all,
            modern languages, to write like an angel!
            Ladies have frequently been compared
            with angels; they are beautiful as angels,
            and sing and dance like angels; but however
            intelligible these are, we do not so
            easily connect penmanship with the other
            celestial accomplishments. This fanciful
            phrase, however, has a very human
            origin. Among those learned Greeks who
            emigrated to Italy, and some afterwards
            into France, in the reign of Francis I, was
            one Angelo Vergecto, whose beautiful
            calligraphy excited the admiration of the
            learned. The French monarch had a
            Greek fount cast, modelled by his writing.
            The learned Henry Stephens, who
            was one of the most elegant writers of
            Greek, had learnt the practice from
            Angelo. His name became synonymous
            for beautiful writing, and gave birth to
            the phrase fo write like an angel.

            From this explanation it is evident that
            the phrase is descriptive not of a person's
            style of writing, but of his handwriting.
            This critic, therefore, shows a modern
            shift of meaning for the idiom:

            Tell-tale clichés 'She writes like an angel' (it
            is usually a 'she'; William Trevor is an
            exception): this means almost nothing,
            except that the critic doesn't really know
            what else to say; I've probably done it
            myself. Used about: Anita Brookner,
            Hilary Mantel, Elizabeth Smart, Penelope

            Fitzgerald, Mary Wesley, A.L. Barker.
            OBSERVER, April 19, 1992.

            Here lies poet Goldsmith, for shortness
            called Noll,
            Who wrote like an angel, but talked like

            poor Poll.
            DAVID GARRICK, 1774.

            usage: literary

            angels: to be on the side of the
            angels

            to agree with the Great and the Good,
            the orthodox authorities

                evince -p 12 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/en-idiomdict2.pdf &

            The phrase is from a speech given by Benjamin
            Disraeli at Oxford in 1864.
            Addressing the vexed issue of evolution,
            Disraeli declared himself opposed to the
            theory that our early ancestors were apes
            and maintained that man was descended
            from God: 'Is man an ape or an angel? I,
            my lord, am on the side of the angels.'

            He had an idea that by bawling and behaving
            offensively he was defending art
            against the Philistines. Tipsy, he felt himself
            arrayed on the side of the angels, of
            Baudelaire, of Edgar Allan Poe, of De

            Quincey, against the dull unspiritual mob.
            ALDOUS HUXLEY, Point Counter Point, 1928.

            He will flit through eternity, not as an
            archangel, perhaps, but as a mischievous
            cherub in a top hat. He is cherub enough
            already always to be on the side of the

            angels.
            ROBERT LYND., 'Max Beerbohm', c!920.

            The war brought its dividends, however.
            Iran and Syria, the two key players in the
            hostage saga, who had been regarded as
            virtual international pariahs for their links
            with terrorism and had no diplomatic
            relations with Britain, found themselves

            back on the side of the angels.
            THE SUNDAY TIMES, August 11, 1991.

            apple of discord

            something which causes strife, argument,
            rivalry

            In a fit of pique because she had not been
            invited to the marriage of Thetis and
            Peleus, Eris, the goddess of Discord,
            threw a golden apple bearing the inscription
            'for the most beautiful' among the
            goddesses. Pallas, Hera and Aphrodite
            each claimed the apple and a bitter quarrel
            ensued. Paris, who was chosen
            + apple of one'seye+ 5

            to judge between them, decided upon
            Aphrodite, whereupon Pallas and Hera
            swore vengeance upon him and were
            instrumental in bringing about the fall of
            Troy.

            It [the letter] was her long contemplated
            apple of discord, and much her hand
            trembled as she handed the document up

            to him.
            THOMAS HARDY, c1895.

            The apple of discord had, indeed, been

            dropped into the house of the Millbornes.
            THOMAS HARDY, Life's Little Ironies, 'For Conscience
            Sake', 1894.

            usage: Infrequent, with a literary feel

            apple of one's eye, the

            someone who is much loved and protected

            Originally, because of its shape, the apple
            was a metaphor for the pupil of the eye.
            As one's eyesight is precious, so is the
            person described as the apple of one's eye.

            The phrase as we use it today is a literal
            translation of a Hebrew expression that
            occurs five times in the Old Testament.
            The earliest reference is in Deuteronomy
            32:10, before 1000 BC. Through the
            immense influence of the 1611 Authorised
            Version of the Bible it has become
            common in the English of recent centuries.
            Incidentally, there is some doubt
            that the original Hebrew word (tappuah)
            actually means apple - perhaps we should
            be referring to the apricot, Chinese citron
            or quince of one's eye!

                evince -p 13 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/en-idiomdict2.pdf &

            What is an idiom?

            Language follows rules. If it did not, then its users would not be able to
            make sense of the random utterances they read or heard and they would
            not be able to communicate meaningfully themselves. Grammar books
            are in effect an account of the regularities of the language, with notes on
            the minority of cases where there are exceptions to the regular patterns.
            Nearly all verbs, for example, add an s in the third person singular, present
            tense (he walks, she throws, it appeals). There are obvious exceptions to
            this basic 'rule' (he can, she may, it ought).

            One of the interesting things about idioms is that they are anomalies of
            language, mavericks of the linguistic world. The very word idiom comes
            from the Greek idios, 'one's own, peculiar, strange'. Idioms therefore
            break the normal rules. They do this in two main areas - semantically,
            with regard to their meaning, and syntactically, with regard to their grammar.
            A consideration, then, of the semantic and syntactic elements of
            idioms leads to an answer to the question What is an idiom?

            Meaning
            The problem with idioms is that the words in them do not mean what they
            ought to mean - an idiom cannot be understood literally. A bucket is 'a
            pail' and to kick means 'to move with the foot'. Yet to kick the bucket
            probably does not mean 'to move a pail with one's foot', it is likely to be
            understood as 'to die'. The meaning of the whole, then, is not the sum of
            the meaning of the parts, but is something apparently quite unconnected
            to them. To put this another way, idioms are mostly phrases that can have
            a literal meaning in one context but a totally different sense in another.
            If someone said Alfred spilled the beans all over the table, there would be
            a nasty mess for him to clear up. If it were Alfred spilled the beans all
            over the town, he would be divulging secrets to all who would listen.
            An idiom breaks the normal rules, then, in that it does not mean what
            you would expect it to mean. In fact the idiom is a new linguistic entity
            with a sense attached to it that may be quite remote from the senses of
            the individual words that form it. Although it is in form a phrase, it has
            many of the characteristics of a single word.

            Grammar

            The second major way in which idioms are peculiar is with regard to their
            grammar. There is no idiom that does not have some syntactic defect,
            that fails to undergo some grammatical operation that its syntactic
            structure would suggest is appropriate.

                evince -p 14 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/en-idiomdict2.pdf &

            Different types of idioms suffer from different restrictions. With a hot
            dog, the following are not possible: the dog is hot, the heat of the dog,
            today's dog is hotter than yesterday's, it's a very hot dog today. Yet with
            the superficially identical phrase a hot sun there is no problem: the sun is
            hot, the heat of the sun, today's sun is hotter than yesterday's, it's a very
            hot sun today. Idioms that include verbs are similarly inflexible in the
            manipulations that they will permit. For instance, why is it that you can't
            take the separate parts of to beat about the bush and substitute for them
            a near synonym? There's no way you can say hit about the bush, or beat
            about the shrub. Nor can you change the definite article to the indefinite
            - you can't beat about a bush. It's not possible to make bush plural. Who
            ever heard of beating about the bushes? The bush was beaten about is as
            strange as the passive in the music was faced. Some idioms go further,
            exhibiting a completely idiosyncratic grammatical structure, such as
            intransitive verbs apparently with a direct object: to come a cropper, to
            go the whole hog, to look daggers at.

            The best examples of idioms, therefore, are very fixed grammatically and
            it is impossible to guess their meaning from the sense of the words that
            constitute them. Not all phrases meet these stringent criteria. Quite often
            it is possible to see the link between the literal sense of the words and the
            idiomatic meaning. It is because a route by which many phrases become
            idioms involves a metaphorical stage, where the original reference is still
            discernible. To skate on thin ice, 'to court danger', is a very obvious figure
            of speech. The borderline between metaphor and idiom is a fuzzy one.
            Other idioms allow a wide range of grammatical transformations: my
            father read the riot act to me when I arrived can become I was read the
            riot act by my father when I arrived or the riot act was read to me by my
            father when I arrived. Much more acceptable than the bush was beaten
            about!

            In short, it is not that a phrase is or is not an idiom; rather, a given
            expression is more or less 'idiomaticky', on an cline stretching from the
            normal, literal use of language via degrees of metaphor and grammatical
            flexibility to the pure idiom. To take an analogy, in the colour spectrum
            there is general agreement on what is green and what is yellow but it is
            impossible to say precisely where one becomes the other. So it is hard to
            specify where the flexible metaphor becomes the syntactically frozen
            idiom, with a new meaning all its own.

                evince -p 15 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/en-idiomdict2.pdf &

            8 + apple pie order +

            George was the apple of his father's eye.
            He did not like Harry, his second son, so

            well.
            W. SOMERSET MAUGHAM, First Person Singular,
            'The Alien Corn', 1931.

            Adam, the apple of her eye.
            HEADLINE, MID SUSSEX TIMES, September 6,
            1991.

            apple pie order, in

            with everything neatly arranged, in its
            proper place

            Where there is uncertainty, the suggestions
            proliferate. For this phrase there is
            a veritable smorgasbord of international
            choice: French, Greek and American
            origins are the main theories.

            Two folk corruptions are suggested
            from the French. The idea of the Old
            French cap a pié, meaning 'clothed in
            armour from head to foot', is that of an
            immaculately ordered and fully equipped
            soldier. Other researchers, Brewer
            included, suggest the idiom may come
            from the phrase nappe pliée (folded
            linen), which conveys the idea of neatness
            and tidiness.

            In the nineteenth century, a learned
            discussion in Notes and Queries concluded
            that in apple-pie order was a corruption
            of in alpha, beta order, i.e. as
            well-ordered as the letters of the (Greek)
            alphabet.

            Our Transatlantic cousins have also
            tried to lay claim to the phrase by tracing
            its origins to New England, where it is
            said that housewives made pies of unbelievable
            neatness, taking much time and
            trouble to cut the apples into even slices
            before arranging them just so, layer upon
            perfect layer, in the crust.

            The New England story may be true,
            and Colonial women may indeed have
            had nothing more worthwhile to do than
            make patterns with the pie filling, but the
            phrase was current in Britain long before
            it was in America and belongs to the
            British.

            Susan replied that her aunt wanted to put

            the house in apple pie order.
            CHARLES READE, ¢1850.

            In the hall, drawing-room and diningroom
            everything was always gleaming and

            solidly in apple-pie order in its right place.
            DAVID GARNETT, The Golden Echo, 1953.

            usage: Apple-pie may be hyphenated.

            see also: spick and span, all shipshape and
            Bristol fashion

            apple-pie bed

            A practical joke in which a bed is made
            using only one sheet, folded over part
            way down the bed, thus preventing the
            would-be occupant from stretching out.

            The phrase may be a folk corruption from
            the French nappe pliée (folded cloth).
            Alternatively, the expression may well
            refer to an apple turnover, which is a
            folded piece of pastry (just as the sheet
            is folded over in the bed), with an apple
            filling in the middle.

            No boy in any school could have more
            liberty, even where all the noblemen's sons
            are allowed to make apple pie beds for

            their masters.
            R. D. BLACKMORE, ¢1870.

            usage: Restricted to a context where
            schoolboy japes are the norm.

                evince -p 16 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/en-idiomdict2.pdf &

            augur well/ill for, to
            to be a good/bad sign for the future

            See under the auspices of

            Bradford Grammar School won the final
            of the Daily Mail under-15 Cup with a
            display of maturity which augurs well for
            the school's senior side. They beat King
            Edward VII, Lytham St Anne's, 30-4 at

            Twickenham, conceding only one try.
            COBUILD CORPUS.

            auspices: under the auspices of

            with the favour and support of a person
            or organisation; under their patronage or
            guidance

            Auspices is made up of two Latin words:
            avis, 'a bird', and specere, 'to observe'. In
            ancient Rome it was customary to consult
            an augur or soothsayer before making
            weighty decisions. Affairs of state and
            military campaigns were thus decided.
            The augur would interpret natural
            phenomena (known in the trade as auspices)
            such as bird flight and bird song,
            and examine the entrails of victims
            offered for sacrifice, to make his predictions.
            In war, only the commander in
            chief would have access to this military
            intelligence from his advisers, so any victory
            won by an officer of lower rank was
            gained 'under the good auspices' of his
            commander.

            The expressions augur well and augur
            ill have the same origin.

            The French dispute therefore boils down
            to a straight decision between our right to
            teach and be taught in English, and the
            French right to set their own teaching standard.
            To side-step this dilemma, a small
            *AWOL+ 9

            but increasing number of British instructors
            are taking the French exam and then
            teaching English clients under the auspices

            of the Ecole de Ski Frangaise.
            WEEKEND TELEGRAPH. November 2, 1991.

            Sunday's Olivier Awards, under the auspices
            of the Society of West End Theatre,
            round off the thespian prize-giving season;
            Matt Wolf argues that the ground-rules

            need to be clarified.
            THE TIMES, April 24, 1992.

            The mere knowledge that the Americans,
            under the auspices of the UN, were serious
            would, in any case, probably be sufficient

            to stop the majority of the fighting.
            DAILY EXPRESS, May 25, 1992.

            usage: Generally written, except in radio
            and TV journalism.

            see also: augur well/ill for

            AWOL, to go

            to take leave without permission (an acronym
            for absent without leave)

            Rees attests that during the American
            Civil War any soldier who absented himself
            without permission was forced to
            wear a placard bearing the inscription
            AWOL. During the First World War it
            was used to describe a soldier who was
            not present for rollcall but was not yet
            classified as a deserter. At this time, the
            four letters were pronounced individually
            but, sometime before the Secund World
            War, the pronunciation 'aywol' became
            current.

            According to Kouby, thousands of service
            men and women are now absent without
            leave, or AWOL. For them one recourse
            is to seek sanctuary, a place of refuge from
            10 -axe
                evince -p 17 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/en-idiomdict2.pdf &

            the authorities while considering their
            options.

            COBUILD CORPUS.

            The troops went AWOL to express their
            complaints about food, work, and leave

            time.
            COBUILD CORPUS: Washington National Public
            Radio, 1991.

            usage: Older usage inserts full stops
            between each letter, to indicate an abbreviation.
            This is a progressively less
            common practice. The acronym itself is
            nearly always written in capitals, not in
            lower case characters. It can now be
            applied to a range of situations, such as
            absent husbands, missing office workers,
            etc.

            axe: to have an axe to grind

            to have a selfish, usually secret, motive
            for doing something; to insist upon one's
            own fixed belief or course of action

            All the authorities are agreed tha: the
            phrase originates in a moral tale of a boy
            who is flattered by a stranger into sharpening
            his axe for him. The problem comes
            in deciding which story and which author.

            The OED and most other etymologists
            ascribe the phrase to American diplomat
            Benjamin Franklin, in an article entitled
            'Too Much for your Whistle' - his early
            career was that of a journalist. The story
            concerns a young man who wants his
            whole axe as shiny as the cutting edge.
            The smith agrees to do it - provided that
            the man turns the grindstone himself. Of
            course, he soon tires and gives up, realising
            he has bitten off more than he can
            chew.

            A similar story, Who'll turn the grindStone?,
            is popularly associated with
            Franklin. However, it was published
            some twenty years after his death and was
            in fact written by Charles Miner. There is
            doubt as to its place of publication: some
            say in the Luzerne Federalist of 7/9/1810,
            others in the Wilkesbarre Gleaner of
            Pennsylvania in 1811.

            The story itself clearly draws on
            Franklin's tale. It is about Poor Robert,
            who is talked into turning the grindstone
            for a man wanting to sharpen his axe. The
            story continues:

            Tickled with the flattery, like a little fool,
            I went to work, and bitterly did I rue the
            day. It was a new ax, and I toiled and
            tugged, till I was almost tired to death. The
            school bell rung, and I could not get away;
            my hands were blistered and it was not
            half ground. At length, however, the ax
            was sharpened, and the man turned to me
            with, 'Now, you little rascal, you've played
            the truant - scud to school, or you'll rue
            it.' Alas, thought I, it was hard enough to
            turn grindstone, this cold day; but now to
            be called 'little rascal' was too much. It
            sunk deep in my mind, and often have I
            thought of it since.

            Poor Robert concludes with a moral
            about over-politeness and excessive persuasion:
            'When I see a merchant overpolite
            to his customers, begging them to
            taste a little brandy and throwing half his
            goods on the counter thinks I, that man
            has an ax to grind.'

            The true originator of the phrase is
            undoubtedly Charles Miner, not Benjamin
            Franklin.

            The first essential is to examine the source
            of the testimony. Did the person reporting
            the fact observe it himself? If so, was he
            in a position to observe accurately? Had
            he any motive for reporting falsely, or for
            embellishing what he saw? Was he a

                evince -p 18 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/en-idiomdict2.pdf &

            credulous person, or a trained scientist?
            Had he an axe to grind, or was he a propagandist?

            I. LEVINE (ed), Philosophy, c1923.

            You may fear that | am about to use my
            column inches as a whetstone on which to
            grind a very private axe, but I can assure
            you that, so far as I can remember, I have
            no personal reason to dislike this ludicrous

            figure...
            DAILY TELEGRAPH, November 22, 1991.

            usage: The contemporary sense emphasises
            making sure one's own fixed, selfish
            ideas or plans are victorious. When used
            with a negative (as is often the case), the
            meaning is 'impartial, neutral': He made
            the perfect chairman as he had no axe to
            grind.

            The original American spelling of ax is
            always anglicised.

            see also: to have a bee in one's bonnet

            backroom boys

            researchers, scientists, etc., whose hard
            work is essential but is not brought to
            public attention

            The phrase was coined by Lord Beaverbrook,
            then British Minister for Aircraft
            Production, in a speech in honour of the
            'unsung heroes' of the war effort, made
            on March 24, 1941: 'To whom must praise
            be given? I will tell you. It is the boys
            in the back room. They do not sit in the
            limelight but they are the men who do the
            work.”

            The other detective said, 'We've got evidence
            you don't know about yet. You'd be
            surprised at what the backroom boys can
            *bacon+ 11

            do.' I said, 'What's that supposed to
            mean?' and he replied, 'You'll find out.'
            First evidence that the backroom boys had
            been active came when he heard from Mr
            Beltrami that the police were claiming to

            have found pieces of paper there.
            COBUILD CORPUS.

            usage: Usually plural. One of the backroom
            boys, rather than the simple a backroom
            boy, is the more natural singular
            form. Backroom is normally one word,
            unhyphenated.

            bacon: to bring home the bacon

            to succeed, to win a prize; to earn enough
            money to support one's family

            Two delightful possibilities are suggested
            as origins of this idiom.

            For centuries, catching a greased pig
            was a popular sport at country fairs. The
            winner kept the pig, as the prize, and
            brought home the bacon. Funk (1950)
            quotes the 1720 edition of Bailey's dictionary,
            in which bacon is defined in the
            narrower context of thieves' slang as 'the
            Prize, of whatever kind which Robbers
            make in their Enterprizes'. This implies
            that at the least bring home the bacon
            would have been understood at that
            period.

            Alternatively, there could be a connection
            with the Dunmow Flitch. In AD1111
            a noblewoman, Juga, wishing to promote
            marital felicity, proclaimed that a flitch,
            or side of bacon, should be awarded to
            any person from any part of England who
            could humbly kneel on two stones by the
            church door in Great Dunmow, Essex
            and swear that 'for twelve months and a
            day he has never had a household brawl
            or wished himself unmarried'. Between
            12. + bacon
                evince -p 19 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/en-idiomdict2.pdf &

            1244 and 1772 only eight flitches were
            bestowed, for as Matthew Prior
            remarked, 'Few married folk peck
            Dunmow-bacon' (Turtle and Sparrow,
            1708). Sadly, with the recent closure of
            the local bacon factory, the custom,
            revived at the end of the nineteenth century,
            has ceased.

            None of this historical evidence is conclusive,
            but it is convincing enough to discount,
            in all probability, the attribution
            to Tiny Johnson. Her son, boxer Jack
            Johnson, defeated James J. Jeffries on
            July 4, 1910. She said after the fight in
            Reno, Nevada, 'He said he'd bring home
            the bacon, and the honey boy has gone
            and done it.” Her use of the idiom may
            well have popularised it, rather than originated
            it.

            Many a time I've given him a tip that has
            resulted in his bringing home the bacon

            with a startling story.
            ERLE STANLEY GARDNER, The DA Calls a Turn,
            1954.

            American women wanted men in whom
            kindness and aloofness would be so subtly
            blended that a relationship with them
            could never become a routine; but they
            wanted these men in a daydream situation
            - not as any actual substitute for the

            reliable bringer home of the bacon.
            H. OVERSTREET, The Mature Mind, 'What We
            Read, See and Hear', 1977.

            usage: informal

            bacon: to save one's bacon

            to escape injury or difficulty; to rescue
            someone from trouble

            Saving one's bacon is, perhaps, the same
            as saving one's back from a beating - a
            reasonable assumption, given that baec is
            both an Old Dutch word for 'bacon' and
            Anglo-Saxon for 'back'. There is another
            connection between back and bacon: it is
            the pig's back which is usually cured for
            bacon, while the legs become hams.

            This said, Brewer suggests the phrase
            might allude to guarding the bacon stored
            for the winter months from the household
            dogs.

            As the entry to bring home the bacon
            explains, in the colloquial language of the
            early 1700s bacon meant 'prize'. Bailey
            comments on fo save one's bacon: 'He has
            himself escaped with the Prize, whence it
            is commonly used for any narrow Escape.'
            Grose in 1811 also defined bacon as
            thieves' cant for 'escape'. This third
            option appears to be the best, and earliest,
            source for the expression.

            It was a sad and sober Oswald who that
            evening beheld the fairy world of Russian
            Ballet. True, he had the check in his
            pocket. True, he had saved his bacon for
            the time being, but at what a cost! Some
            how the glory had faded from the Ballet.
            RICHARD ALDINGTON, Soft Answers, 'Yes,
            Aunt', 1932.

            These pigs could save our bacon. A European
            research project into the genes of pigs
            to improve breeding, could help to fight

            human ills.
            THE TIMES, September 12, 1991.

            usage: informal

            baker's dozen, a
            not twelve but thirteen

            The first, quite plausible suggestion for
            baker's dozen concerns medieval sales
            techniques. Bakers (and other tradesmen
            such as printers), when not selling direct

                evince -p 20 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/en-idiomdict2.pdf &

            to the public, gave a thirteenth loaf (or
            book) to the middleman. This constituted
            his profit.

            The most popular suggestion, however,
            is that in thirteenth-century England,
            bakers had a bad reputation for selling
            underweight loaves. Strict regulations
            were therefore introduced in 1266 to fix
            standard weights for the various types of
            bread, and a spell in the pillory could be
            expected if short weight was given. So
            bakers would include an extra loaf, called
            the 'vantage loaf', with each order of
            twelve to make sure the law was satisfied.

            Such was the medieval baker's unpopularity
            that he became the subject of a traditional
            puppet play in which he was
            shown being hurried into the flames of
            hell by the devil for keeping the price
            of bread high and giving short weight.

            Mrs Joe has been out a dozen times, looking
            for you, Pip. And she's out now,

            making it a baker's dozen.
            CHARLES DICKENS, Great Expectations, 1861.

            It's all very well for you, who have got
            some baker's dozen of little ones and lost

            only one by the measles.
            R. D. BLACKMORE, c1870.

            bandwagon: to climb on_ the
            bandwagon

            to support a plan or cause for personal
            profit or advantage

            Electioneering in the USA has always
            been a noisy affair. In days gone by,
            especially in the southern States, a political
            rally would be heralded by a band
            playing on board a huge horse-drawn
            wagon which would wind its way through
            the streets of the town. The political can+
            bandwagon 13

            didate would be up there with the band
            and, as the excitement mounted, he
            would be joined by members of the public
            who wished to show their allegiance.
            Needless to say, only some of those who
            jumped on the bandwagon were loyal
            supporters; others were looking for
            reward if the candidate were elected.
            Although the practice is long-standing,
            the idiom itself is first recorded about the
            presidential campaign of William Jennings
            Bryan early this century. Familiarity
            with the phrase was undoubtedly
            helped by the considerable success of the
            first comedy show specially written for
            radio, Band Waggon. It ran in the UK
            for two years in 1938 and 1939, starring
            Arthur Askey and Dickie Murdoch.

            Sir has been on a course . . . So back he
            bounces, bursting with it. The latest thing.

            A new bandwagon. We fear the worst.
            TIMES EDUCATIONAL SUPPLEMENT, September
            6, 1991.

            'Fewer and fewer people are pulling the
            economic wagon and more and more

            people jumping on it.'
            DAVID DUKE, candidate for governor of Louisiana,
            November 1991.

            Inevitably, many have jumped on the
            bandwagon. Companies like Rhodes
            Design have done very nicely, producing
            what they admit is Shaker pastiche:
            dressers, bookshelves and wall cupboards

            from as little as £33.
            WEEKEND TELEGRAPH, January 18, 1992.

            Many companies hustled into the Eighties
            hotel boom, ignoring the principle of the
            old-established 'personalised' proprietor.
            They assumed they would make megabucks
            out of country-house hotels whose
            managing directors sat in an office block
            somewhere, leaving managers to run them
            all. Long established hotels also have the
            edge over the bandwagon crowd in that

                evince -p 21 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/en-idiomdict2.pdf &

            14 + bandy something about +

            they have 'customer muscle' - in other

            words, return business.
            SUNDAY TELEGRAPH, May 17, 1992.

            usage: Waggon is a British spelling of
            wagon; bandwaggon, however, would be
            unusual, even in England. It is written as
            one word in contemporary usage, not
            two. By extension, a bandwagon as a
            simple noun means a fancy, fad or vogue
            - see flavour of the month. The verb can
            vary: to jump, to board, etc.
            So common as to make it a cliché.

            see also: on the wagon

            bandy something about, to

            to spread unfavourable or untrue ideas

            Bandy originated from a French word
            bander, which was a term in an early type
            of tennis meaning 'to hit a ball to and fro'.

            In the early seventeenth century the
            word bandy became the name of an Irish
            team game from which hockey originated.
            The ball was 'bandied' (hit) back
            and forth from player to player, rather as
            rumours are spread from person to
            person. The same metaphor is evident in
            the phrase to bandy words with someone,
            meaning 'to argue'.

            The shape of the crooked stick bandy
            players used has given rise to the description
            bandy-legged.

            'People should be careful when they bandy
            about words like freedom,' said Dr
            Kovacs bitterly, after well-meaning social
            workers moved the old ladies out into the

            community.
            DAILY EXPRESS, August 30, 1991.
            Sex, I'm afraid, is the topic to be aired,
            bandied and thrashed out at the third of

            the Sunday Times literary evenings.
            THE SUNDAY TIMES, March 22, 1992.

            bandy words with someone, to

            to argue, quarrel
            See to bandy something about

            Alexander did not join Lodge, Crowe and
            the rest. He sat on one end, high up in tree
            shadows, listening to Spenser and Ralegh
            bandying words, his own, their own, to

            unseen melodies in the bushes.
            COBUILD CORPUS.

            usage: Often found in the negative: let's
            not bandy words, I'm not going to bandy
            words with you.

            bandy-legged

            having legs which curve outwards from
            the knee

            See to bandy something about

            When they put on cheap versions of the
            sack suit they looked misshapen, even
            deformed. As Berger puts it, they seemed
            'uncoordinated, bandy-legged, _ barrelchested,
            low-arsed ... coarse, clumsy,

            brutelike.'
            COBUILD CORPUS.

            bank on something, to

            to count or depend on something

                evince -p 22 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/en-idiomdict2.pdf &

            Few people today would keep their life
            savings hidden under the mattress; a bank
            is generally reckoned to be a safer place.
            Similarly, we bank on people or
            institutions that we consider dependable.
            The first banks were in medieval
            Venice, then a prosperous centre for
            world trade. They were no more than
            benches set up in main squares by men
            who both changed and lent money. Their
            benches would be laden with currencies
            from the different trading countries. The
            Italian for bench or counter is banco. The
            English word 'bank' comes from this and
            here we have the origin of this phrase.

            'I can put this entire structure at your disposal
            for assistance purposes.'

            'No, thank you. I prefer to bank on my
            own complete anonymity. It is the best

            weapon I have.'
            COBUILD CORPUS.

            The Super-Pocket may at last accept the
            fact that you have been a good loser and
            give you a wintry smile. But don't bank

            on it.
            COBUILD CORPUS.

            usage: I'm banking on. . . is current but
            the negative phrase J wouldn't bank on it
            is just as common. A banker is used in
            racing and gambling circles to mean a
            sure bet.

            baptism of fire

            a harsh initiation into a new experience

            Baptism of fire describes the horrific
            death by burning suffered by multitudes
            of sixteenth- and seventeenth-century
            Christians who were martyred for their
            * barge poles 15

            beliefs. The phrase was used figuratively
            by Napoleon whilst in exile on St Helena
            in 1817: 'I love a brave soldier who has
            undergone the baptism of fire' (O'Meara,
            Napoleon in Exile), and later by Napoleon
            III in a letter to his wife, the Empress
            Eugénie, about their young son's first
            experiences of war at the battle of Saarbruck
            on August 10, 1870: 'Louis has just
            received his baptism of fire.' It must have
            been a terrifying ordeal for a boy of
            fourteen.

            The phrase is still used in military contexts
            for a soldier's first experience of hostile
                fire, but also much more widely for
            any sudden and demanding initiation.

            We do not blood young cricketers for long
            enough in Test cricket. This year a new,
            young team is chosen. The West Indians
            are beaten for the first time in 30 years in
            England. Now after two defeats the youth
            policy is cracked, with, for example,
            Graeme Hick dropped. The youngsters
            have been given a baptism of fire. We desperately
            need stability. We should leave the
            side aione, give them the winter tour
            together, and I bet within a year or two we

            would have a strong batting line up.
            DAILY MAIL, August 7, 1991.

            Diana admits that she was not easy to
            handle during that baptism of fire. She was
            often in tears as they travelled to the various
            venues, telling her husband that she

            simply could not face the crowds.
            THE SUNDAY TIMES, June 7, 1992.

            barge pole: wouldn't touch it with
            a barge pole

            used of someone or something one
            loathes or distrusts, from which one wants
            to keep one's distance
            16+ bark up the wrong tree +

                evince -p 23 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/en-idiomdict2.pdf &

            'Without a payre of tongs no man will
            touch her,' protested an unknown author
            in the seventeenth century (Wit Restor'd,
            1658), and in the mid-nineteenth century
            Dickens wrote: '] was so ragged and dirty
            that you wouldn't have touched me with a
            pair of tongs' (Hard Times, 1854). This
            was the original expression and the allusion
            is clear: tongs are used to pick up
            objects which are dirty or potentially
            harmful. Our present-day expression,
            wouldn't touch it with a barge pole, is
            much more recent, originating from the
            turn of the century, and emphasises one's
            detestation for someone or something by
            the desire to keep it at a great distance.

            A third former Foreign Secretary could
            stroll into the post to everyone's delight at
            Westminster, Hong Kong and Peking. But
            the ever-popular Lord Carrington has let
            it be known he would not touch it with a
            barge pole.

            DAILY MAIL, October 11, 1991.

            Meanwhile, the mere mention of a leasing
            company is likely to see the average City
            fund manager reaching for the nearest
            barge pole, after earlier well-publicised
            disasters in the sector typified by the foundering
            of the once highly-regarded British
            and Commonwealth financial services
            combine under the weight of the Atlantic

            Computers leasing business.
            THE TIMES, April 30, 1992.

            usage: Informal. Where both expressions
            were originally used to refer to people
            one disliked or distrusted, the modern
            idiom can just as easily apply to a make
            of car or even a business proposal.
            bark up the wrong tree, to

            to follow a wrong line of enquiry

            This is an early nineteenth-century
            American phrase from racoon hunting.
            Racoons are hunted at night because of
            their nocturnal habits. Hunting dogs
            chase the quarry up a tree and then wait
            down below barking untj the huntsman
            arrives with his gun. A dog who mistakes
            the tree in the darkness, or is outwitted by
            the prey scrambling across to an adjacent
            tree, wastes time and energy barking up
            the wrong one.

            He reminded me of the meanest thing on
            God's earth, an old coon dog, barking up

            the wrong tree.
            DAVY CROCKETT, Sketches and Eccentricities,
            1833.

            Pisces. Have a bit of faith in yourself this
            weekend. Ignore the voice of self doubt
            that is trying to suggest you're barking up
            the wrong tree.

            TODAY, September 14, 1991.

            usage: informal
            see also: on the right/wrong tack

            barrel: over a barrel

            helpless to act, at the mercy of others

            At one time a person who had almost
            drowned would be draped, face down,
            over a barrel which would then be gently
            rocked back and forth until all the water
            had drained from the victim's lungs. The
            person was, of course, in no fit state to

                evince -p 24 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/en-idiomdict2.pdf &

            act for himself and was totally dependent
            on his rescuers. In the same way, someone
            experiencing business difficulties
            might find himself powerless to act and
            forced to accept another's terms.

            Then you'd be over a barrel.
            RAYMOND CHANDLER, The Big Sleep, 1939.

            Tenants are having their tenancies terminated.
            The brewers have got their former

            partners over a barrel.
            BBC RADIO 4, Face the Facts, October 1991.

            usage: The formulation to have someone
            over a barrel suggests a malicious intent.

            battle axe, a

            an overbearing and belligerent (usually
            middle-aged or old) woman

            This originated in America in the early
            years of the women's rights movement.
            The Battle Axe was a journal published
            by the movement and the expression is
            thought to come from it. The term was
            obviously not originally meant as an insult
            but as a war cry. The fact that it soon
            came to refer to a domineering and
            aggressive woman of a certain age could
            well be a reflection on what many people
            thought of the movement's members.

            The days when secretaries refused to work
            for women are I hope on the way out.
            Mainly, I think, because the old-fashioned
            'battle-axe' type of lady executive, like the
            old-fashioned dedicated secretary, is dis
            appearing from the scene.
            COBUILD CORPUS.

            usage: colloquial
            * beamends+ 17

            beam: broad in the beam
            having wide hips

            See to be on one's beam ends

            beam ends: on one's beam ends

            having nothing left to live on, in a difficult
            financial position

            In a wooden sailing ship the beams were
            the vast cross-timbers which spanned the
            width of the vessel, to prevent the sides
            from caving inwards and to support the
            deck. So, if a ship was on its beam ends
            it was listing at a dangerous angle, almost
            on its side. The sense of a ship being in
            an alarming predicament transfers to a
            person in financial jeopardy.

            Broad in the beam refers to a ship
            which is particularly wide, and is now put
            to unflattering use to describe a woman
            with ample hips.

            'One of his boots is split across the toe.'
            'Ah! of course! On his beam ends. So 
            it begins again! This'll about finish father.'

            JOHN GALSWORTHY, In Chancery, 1920.

            You see how all this works in. He is on

            his beam ends before the murder. He

            decides on the murder as his only chance

            of keeping above water.
            FREEMAN WILLIS CROFTS, The 12.30 from Croydon,
            1934.

                evince -p 25 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/en-idiomdict2.pdf &

            18 + bean feast 
            bean feast, a

            a social event, a party

            Once a year it was customary for
            employers to hold a dinner for their
            workers. Opinions differ as to what was
            offered to eat. One authority says that it
            was a bean-goose (the bird's name
            coming from a bean-shaped mark on its
            beak) and others that beans made up the
            main dish. Whatever the feast consisted
            of, it was a rowdy and somewhat vulgar
            occasion but much looked forward to
            throughout the year.

            An abbreviation of beanfeast passed
            into the language and so we have beano,
            also meaning 'a spree'.

            'Oh sure. You just go up top and take a
            crowsnest at the scenery. All you'll get is
            a beanfeast of bulrushes.' Sally climbed
            on top of the cabin and scanned the

            horizon.
            COBUILD CORPUS.

            usage: Informal. Sometimes written as
            one word.

            beat a (hasty) retreat, to

            to leave, usually in a hurry; to abandon
            an undertaking

            Drums were formerly very much a part
            of the war machine as soldiers marched
            to the drum and took their orders from
            its beat. Retreat was one such order and
            would sound each evening. It was a signal
            for the soldiers to get behind their lines as
            darkness fell and for the guards to present
            themselves for duty. Of course, if fighting
            were taking place but things were not
            going well, the retreat would sound to
            signal to the army to withdraw.
            The postman handed it to me with a nervous
            smile - and a parcel - and beat a

            hasty retreat to his van.
            GOOD HOUSEKEEPING, September 1991.

            Mr Kelly told how his team found a lead
            casket containing radioactive cobalt 60 ina
            bunker, but left hurriedly in case of health
            risks.

            'We beat a hasty retreat then waited until

            we had a geiger counter,' he said.
            DAILY MAIL, August 7, 1991.

            . . . foreign correspondency, at least on
            television, remains fundamentally a male
            preserve and when the drums for war beat,
            women, it is felt, should, in response, beat

            a retreat.
            SUNDAY TELEGRAPH, April 26, 1992.

            usage: Hasty commonly intensifies the
            original expression. To beat retreat is a
            military musical expression only.

            beat about the bush, to

            to express oneself in a round-about way;
            to avoid coming to the point

            In a hunt beaters are employed to thrash
            the bushes and undergrowth in order to
            frighten game from its cover. It is they
            who beat about the bush; the huntsman
            is more direct or, in the words of George
            Gascoigne (1525-77), 'He bet about the
            bush whyles others caught the birds.'

            My mother came round one day and said,
            'My God, you're growing so boring! All
            you talk about is children and schools  you
            have to do something, dear.' She

            didn't beat about the bush, she was lovely.
            GOOD HOUSEKEEPING, April 1991.
            19

                evince -p 26 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/en-idiomdict2.pdf &

            Creativity

            Language is a very productive thing. New words - neologisms - are coming
            into existence all the time, to such an extent that there are now several
            dictionaries of just new words, and new editions and supplements to
            long-established dictionaries. Many of the neologisms, though, die out
            fairly quickly. Catchphrases, fads, gimmicks hold the popular fancy for a
            short while and then disappear. Others meet a particular need and survive
            whilst they have a function to fulfil. For instance, verbs come from nouns
            quite commonly. This process has been going on for centuries. If we go
            back as early as 1606, there's 'to eavesdrop', which comes from 'eavesdropper',
            and right back to 1225 when 'to beg' came from the word
            'begard' or 'beggen'.

            These are new words derived from existing words, a phenomenon that
            applies to idioms as well. For instance, the expression to be in the red means
            'to be in debt and to have an overdraft'. It comes from the accountancy and
            bookkeeping practice of using red ink to indicate debts. It was first found
            around 1920. By analogy, amounts in credit are indicated in the black.

            The iron curtain of the post-war era, popularised by Churchill in a
            speech on March 5, 1946, in its turn gave rise to the bamboo curtain,
            metaphorically dividing the West from mainland China.

            There is another phrase which is productive in the same sort of way. In
            Victorian times, the 'uniform' of an office worker was a black coat. So
            the phrase grew a black-coated worker. This referred to his social status
            and security in a good job - perhaps as a clerk in an office. That was in
            Victorian England, and it has been suggested that in the turmoil of the
            First World War period an American counterpart of the British phrase
            arose: the white collar worker. The synonym could perhaps have been
            formed by analogy.

            It is interesting to see how in more recent years there have been other
            extensions to this phrase. We find now the blue collar worker. There
            is an example in Webster's American dictionary of this: They refer to
            warehousemen, longshoremen, farmers, miners, mechanics, construction
            workers and other blue collar workers. It was first found in about 1950 in
            America and came across the Atlantic in about 1958. There is at least one
            more stage in the story. Since then, people have begun to refer to pink
            collar jobs - low-paid jobs mainly for women, such as cleaners, hairdressers,
            waitresses.

            The desire to be creative and productive with language permeates every
            aspect of it: idioms are no exception.

                evince -p 27 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/en-idiomdict2.pdf &

            20 = + beaten track +

            Kim said: 'Dad kicked me into shape
            when I needed it most. He told me what I
            didn't want to hear and didn't beat about

            the bush - he was brutally honest.'
            SUN, May 18, 1992.

            usage: Beat around the bush is also found.

            beaten track: off the beaten track

            away from the normal, the ordinary; geographically
            removed

            The countryside is criss-crossed by many
            footpaths and bridleways trampled down
            and beaten hard with the passage of time
            and many feet. This phrase is now a
            favourite with holiday tour operators,
            who exhort potential clients to take a
            long-haul holiday away from the overcrowded
            European resorts.

            To... Pace the Round Eternal?

            To beat and beat The beaten Track?
            EDWARD YOUNG, Night Thoughts, 1742.

            As leader I was also navigator-in-chief and
            felt it would be good for the group to discover
            parts of the island well off the beaten

            track.
            MID SUSSEX TIMES, August 16, 1991.

            usage: The phrase may be applied geographically
            in a more literal way, but also
            commonly refers figuratively to thoughts,
            courses of action, etc. It may be shortened
            to the beaten track.

            bed: to. et out of bed on the
            wrong side

            to be bad tempered, grumpy
            The wrong side of the bed is the left.
            According to a superstition that goes back
            to Roman times, it is unlucky to get out
            of bed on the left side because that is
            where evil spirits dwell and their influence
            will then be with you through your waking
            hours. Someone who is expecting to
            be the butt of a malevolent spirit's whims
            throughout the day is thrown into an irritable
            frame of mind from the outset and
            so, when a person is in a bad temper, he
            is accused of getting out of bed on the
            wrong side.

            You rose on the wrong side of the bed
            today.

            RICHARD BROME, The Court-Beggar, 1653.
            Someone got out of bed on the wrong side

            this morning!
            GEORGETTE HEYER, Envious Casca, 1941.

            usage: To get up on the wrong side of the
            bed is a less common alternative.

            see also: to set off on the wrong foot

            bee: to be the bee's knees

            to be or consider oneself superior to
            others in some way

            When bees climb inside the cup of a
            flower, pollen sticks to their bodies. The
            bees then carefully comb this off and
            transfer it to pollen sacks on their back
            legs. Some authorities believe that the
            expression refers to the delicate way bees
            bend their knees as they perform this
            operation.

            Rees, however, makes a strong case for
            an alternative theory. He argues that,
            although there has long been a preoccupation
            with bees and their knees, which
            has given rise to a variety of expressions

                evince -p 28 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/en-idiomdict2.pdf &

            over the last two hundred years or so, the
            phrase under discussion here only dates
            back as far as the 1920s when it was
            coined as an amusing rhym:. He points
            to the importance of rhyme, assonance
            and alliteration in the origins of many
            expressions and a vogue in the twenties
            for combining features of the body or
            articles of clothing with parts of animals,
            to bizarre effect. Thus we also find the
            cat's miaow, the cat's pyjamas, the eel's
            heel, the elephant's instep, and many
            more.

            The Royalton, re-opened by Steve Rubell
            of Studio 54 and designed by Philippe
            Starck, has been the bee's knees of the
            New York hotel world for the past year or
            two. There is simply no equivalent to it in
            Britain, where a hotel is marketed as chic
            if it can boast an electric kettle in each
            room, a fruit machine in the bar and a
            full-colour photograph of an under
            manager in the hallway.
            THE SUNDAY TIMES, August 11, 1991.

            usage: informal

            bee: to have a bee in one's bonnet
            to be obsessed by an idea

            The phrase has been in popular use for
            over three hundred years. Whether the
            metaphor alludes to the frenetic buzzing
            of thought, like the protests of the
            trapped bee, or the frenzied behaviour of
            the wearer of the bonnet, convinced that
            he will be stung at any moment, is up to
            the reader to decide.
            «beeline» 21

            Like all specialists, Bauerstein's got a bee
            in his bonnet. Poisons are his hobby, so,

            of course, he sees them everywhere.
            AGATHA CHRISTIE, The Mysterious Affair at
            Styles, 1920.

            The new Spanish ambassador, with the
            bee of an economic blockade buzzing in
            his head, advised Alva to seize English
            shipping and goods before he knew that
            Elizabeth intended to appropriate the

            treasure.
            J. E. NEALE, Queen Elizabeth, 1971.

            usage: informal

            bee line: to make a bee line for

            to use the shortest route between two
            places

            In days gone by it was thought that bees
            were single minded in their work and
            always flew in a straight line back to the
            hive. Unfortunately, this piece of country
            lore has since been proved untrue.
            There is a similar snippet of country
            wisdom about crows, who are supposed
            to fly directly to their intended destination,
            hence the expression as the crow

            flies.

            I'm going to get home as soon as | can 
            strike a bee line.
            W. D. HOWELLS, c1880.

            You can make a bee-line for the South
            of France, or slip into the Low Countries

            within minutes.
            SALLY LINE brochure, 1991.

            usage: The hyphen is usually omitted.

            see also: as the crow flies
            22 _~—=+ bell the cat +

                evince -p 29 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/en-idiomdict2.pdf &

            bell the cat, to

            to undertake a difficult mission at great
            personal risk

            An ancient fable, related by Langland in
            Piers Plowman (1377), tells of a colony
            of mice who met together to discuss how
            they could thwart a cat who was terrorising
            them. One young mouse suggested
            hanging a bell around the cat's neck so
            that its movements would be known. This
            plan delighted the rest until an old mouse
            asked the obvious question, 'Who will
            bell the cat?'

            Scottish history records a very pertinent
            instance of the expression in action.
            Members of the nobility at the court of
            James III were suspicious of the king's
            new favourite, an architect named Cochran.
            The nobles met together secretly
            and determined to get rid of him, whereupon
            Lord Gray asked, “Who will bell the
            cat?' Archibald Douglas, Earl of Angus
            was prompt with his reply: 'I shall bell the
            cat.' He did as he had promised, seizing
            Cochran and hanging him over the bridge
            at Lauder, an act which earned him the
            nickname 'Bell-the-Cat Douglas.'

            'Mrs and Miss Jennynge must bell the cat.'
            'What have I to do with cats?' inquired
            Mrs Jennynge wildly. 'I hate cats.'
            'My dear madam, it is a well-known
            proverb,' explained Mrs Armytage. 'What
            I mean is, that it is you who should ask

            Mr Josceline to say grace this evening.'
            JAMES PAYN, c1880.

            A fine manly fellow, who has belled the

            cat with fortune.
            WALTER SCOTT, Journal, 1890.

            usage: dated
            berserk, to go
            to be in a state of wild and uncontrollable
            fury

            Berserk is a __ nineteenth-century
            borrowing from Norse mythology which
            tells of a fierce warrior who, casting aside
            weapons and armour, would work himself
            into a murderous frenzy before plunging
            into battle clad only in his bearskin
            coat. This earned him the name Berserker
            (from bern, 'a bear' and serkr, 'a
            coat'). Twelve sons succeeded him, each
            named Berserker and each as furious and
            reckless in battle as he.

            Some Viking warriors who emulated
            the example of Berserker and his sons
            earned recognition of their prowess by
            being referred to as berserkers. For the
            story of a berserk Italian warrior, see like
            billio.

            A few years ago, we gave a teenage party.
            It was very memorable. Gatecrashers
            crashed. Boys vomited. Girls had hysterics.
            The police were called. The neighbours
            went berserk.
            GOOD HOUSEKEEPING, November 1991.

            Five more victims were hurt, two seriously,
            as the 44-year-old went berserk in
            front of screaming children including his

            own son and two daughters.
            DAILY MAIL, January 2. 1992.

            The Medusa Touch Tedious hokum about
            a famous author who discovers an ability
            to will disasters by remote control.
            Richard Burton plays the novelist who
            goes berserk and beyond the control of

            psychiatrist Lee Remick.
            WEEKEND TELEGRAPH, January 8, 1992.

            see also: to run amuck

                evince -p 30 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/en-idiomdict2.pdf &

            Betty Martin: all my eye and
            Betty Martin

            A lot of nonsense

            There are several suggested etymologies
            for this phrase. Partridge found mention
            of an actress, a certain Betty Martin, in
            the eighteenth century. She apparently
            used the exclamation 'My eye!' regularly.
            Conveniently, she lived around the time
            of the first written version of the full
            expression, as recorded in the OED Supplement:
            'Physic, to old, crazy Frames
            like ours, is all my eye and Betty Martin (a
            sea phrase that Admiral Jemm frequently
            makes use of).' Perhaps Betty
            Martin's part was to help popularise an
            originally nautical idiom.

            The sea plays a role in another possible
            derivation. Radford relays the tradition
            that the nonsensical English represents a
            British sailor's garbled version of words
            heard in an Italian church, 'Ah mihi,
            beate Martini', meaning 'Ah grant me,
            blessed St Martin'. In favour of this supposition
            is the well-attested practice of
            Englishmen turning the unfamiliar into
            something that is at least superficially recognisable.
            The Elephant and Castle, for
            example, is reckoned to have come from
            the Spanish Infanta de Castilla.

            In yet another story Betty Martin was
            a gypsy woman who had been taken
            before a magistrate. After the policeman
            responsible for her arrest had given his
            evidence, the woman fiew at him, dealing
            him a hefty blow to the face and screaming
            all the while that what he had said was
            all my eye. The officer's eye was badly
            bruised in the incident and he was then
            forced to endure much teasing from the
            public, who would call after him, 'My eye
            and Betty Martin.' Responsibility for this
            story lies with Dr Butler, one-time head+
            Betty Martins 23

            master of Shrewsbury school and later
            Bishop of Lichfield.

            A final possibility is suggested by Rees.
            The linguistic device of rhyming slang
            may account for the phrase's popularity  Martin
            does rhyme with fartin'! The
            idiom's negative sense of 'nonsense' fits
            quite well with the scatological fartin'.

            The decision rests with the reader but,
            as a last word, a certain Mr Cuthbert
            Bede claimed in the December 1856 issue
            of Notes and Queries that he had come
            across the phrase in an old black-letter
            volume bearing the title The Ryghte Tragycal
            Historie of Master Thomas Thumbe.
            If this is so, then the phrase could be some
            four hundred years old.

            I'm not such an oaf as to think that these
            things are all my eye or anything of that
            sort. But psychoanalysis was after all conceived
            in the old days of Vienna, when
            the Hapsburgs, pretty women, and neat

            ankles were going to last to eternity.
            ANGUS WILSON, Hemlock and After, 1952.

            | do wonder whether L'Inglese come si
            parla was published in a spirit of mischief
            by someone obsessed with Ealing Films,
            because actually the story that emerges
            from its pages is rather like an Ealing plot.
            Poor guileless foreigner (played by Alec
            Guinness, perhaps) works hard to overcome
            loneliness by using authentic popular
            slang such as 'nose-rag', 'old horse',
            and 'cheese it!' and nobody knows what
            the hell he is talking about. 'Dhets ool mai
            ai end Beti Maarten!' he exclaims jocularly
            ('That's all my eye and Betty

            Martin'), amid general shrugs.
            LYNNE TRUSS, The Times, April 23, 1992.

            usage: Spoken, colloquial. As one of the
            quotations above shows, it is now rather
            dated. Generally used as an exclamation,
            rejecting another speaker's statement. As
            24 + bib
                evince -p 31 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/en-idiomdict2.pdf &

            with all longer idioms, it is often reduced
            in length, to It's all my eye or even My
            eye. This last form is particularly likely to
            be an exclamation.

            bib: best bib and tucker

            one's best clothes

            Bib brings to mind the cloth tied under a
            baby's chin to absorb the dribbles. In the
            late seventeenth century, bibs of a sort
            were also worn by adults to protect their
            clothes from spills. A tucker was a
            woman's garment, this time a flimsy piece
            of lace or muslin tucked into the top of
            low-cut dresses and ending in a lacy frill
            at the neck. Some authorities think that
            in the expression best bib and tucker, the
            bib referred to a man's attire and the
            tucker to a woman's. Others consider that
            the entire expression was originally only
            used to describe a lady, dressed in all her
            finery for a special occasion. The passage
            of time and changes in fashion meant that
            no one remembered what bibs and tuckers
            were any more and so gradually the
            term came to be applied to men as well.

            His host warns him when he gets to the
            threshold: 'Sorry, we have a silly rule here.
            Shoes off. Brings mud in.' If Super
            Country's house happens to be large,
            enormous sections of it, the best, will be
            shut off ana unheated. 'We only open
            these up when we have to put on our best

            bib and tucker.'
            COBUILD CORPUS.

            usage: Informal. To wear or be in one's
            best bib and tucker are common alternative
            formulations.
            Proverbs and idioms

            Proverbs exist in all languages and
            written collections of them date back
            to the earliest times. A good example
            is the Book of Proverbs in Jewish
            sacred writings, which is of course also
            found in the Old Testament of the
            Christian Bible.

            Proverbs are universally held in
            high esteem, whereas idioms have had
            to struggle for recognition. Perhaps
            this is a little surprising, as there's
            some overlap between idioms and
            proverbs. Proverbs can be defined as
            'memorable short sayings of the
            people, containing wise words of
            advice or warning'. Many idioms
            share at least some of these characteristics.
            For example, are a stitch in time
            saves nine and more haste, less speed
            better considered as proverbs or
            idioms? Or better late than never, the
            more, the merrier, out of sight, out of
            mind, seeing is believing? Idioms or
            proverbs? Proverbs, probably, but
            two idiom experts feel that they can
            class them as idioms without, as they
            put it, 'stretching the definition too
            far'.

            A further cause for confusion is the
            capacity of an idiomatic phrase idioms
            are normally phrases, whereas
            proverbs are whole sentences - to be
            adapted into proverbial form. For
            example, the phrase (idiom?) to cry
            for the moon (see Moonshine, page
            130), meaning 'to ask for the impossible',
            can easily become the full sentence
            (proverb?) Don't cry for the
            moon or, better, Only fools cry for
            the moon.

            eoenreee#eee # # @ @® © @ @ @ © @ @ © @® © © © © © (6 ht

                evince -p 32 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/en-idiomdict2.pdf &

            big wig, a

            someone of importance

            This expression goes back to the seventeenth
            and eighteenth centuries when all
            gentlemen wore wigs. Some wigs, however,
            were bigger than others. Bishops,
            judges and aristocrats, for instance, were
            attired in the full-length wigs that present-day
            high court judges still wear.
            Thus people of importance came to be
            known as big wigs.

            Some contemporary big wigs, however,
            are becoming disenchanted with their
            headgear. The first woman Speaker of the
            House of Commons refused to wear her
            wig on the grounds of comfort at work
            and Lord Chief Justice Taylor thinks that
            wigs and robes make the judiciary seem
            out of touch and remote. Perhaps the
            time is coming when, like other figures of
            importance, they will be big wigs in name
            only.

            The biggest wig in the most benighted

            Chancery.
            THOMAS CARLYLE, Frederick the Great, 1858.

            Some big-wig has come in his way who is
            going to dine with him.

            ANTHONY TROLLOPE, The Belton Estate, 1865.
            So, while the Government - which means
            you and me, the taxpayers - spends a mint
            on preserving our heritage, our big-wigs
            apply themselves to dismantling our tra
            ditions.
            DAILY EXPRESS, April 30, 1992.

            So far, so good. After all, if someone is
            producing food for commercial sale from
            their own kitchen, it seems only right that
            it should be inspected to make sure it is
            not a health hazard. But the EC wants
            to go much further. The Brussels bigwigs
            have decided that by the end of 1992 we
            - billio» 25

            should operate under common legislation.
            So the dreaded directives have come into

            being...
            GOOD HOUSEKEEPING, July 1992.

            usage: Can be written as one word, two
            words or hyphenated.

            see also: to pull the wool over someone's
            eyes

            billio, like
            with enthusiasm, with gusto

            This expression of exuberance seems to
            have originated in the nineteenth century,
            according to Brandreth. Two appropriate
            theories have been advanced. The
            first is that it makes reference to the
            action of Stephenson's steam engine, the
            Puffing Billy. The second links the phrase
            to Nino Biglio, a lieutenant under Garibaldi,
            who would plunge into the fray
            exhorting his men to 'follow me and fight
            like Biglio'.

            A third theory, that the phrase comes
            from the name of Joseph Billio (a particularly
            zealous Puritan and founder of the
            Independent Congregation at Maldon,
            Essex in 1682), is perhaps inappropriate
            for a nineteenth-century term unless the
            energetic Joseph managed to inspire a
            revival in Maldon from beyond the
            grave.

            'But, Bertie, this sounds as if you weren't
            going to sit in.'

            'It was how I meant it to sound.'

            “You wouldn't fail me, would you?'

            'I would. I would fail you like billy-o.'
            P. G. WODEHOUSE, The Code of the Woosters,
            1938.

            usage: spoken, colloquial
            26 « bird
                evince -p 33 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/en-idiomdict2.pdf &

            bird: a little bird told me

            a secret source told me

            Most authorities subscribe to the view
            that this phrase is a biblical one and can
            be found in Ecclesiastes 10:20: 'Curse not
            the King, no not in thy thought; and curse
            not the rich in thy bedchamber: for a bird
            of the air shall carry the voice, and that
            which hath wings shall tell the matter.'

            There is a story which is an unlikely
            origin but is worth telling for its charm.
            All the birds were summoned to appear
            before Solomon. Only the Lapwing did
            not appear. When questioned on his disobedience,
            Lapwing explained that he
            was with the Queen of Sheba and that she
            had resolved to visit King Solomon. The
            King immediately began preparations for
            the visit. Meanwhile Lapwing flew to
            Ethiopia and told the Queen that King
            Solomon had a great desire to see her.
            The magnificent meeting, as we know,
            then took place. Idiomatic little birds
            have been English messengers since the
            middle of the sixteenth century.

            'Now just how did you know that? I only
            fixed it up this morning.'

            'Ah - a little bird. One bird, little,
            pretty: to wit, your cousin Margot. Met

            her outside the office this morning.'
            F. W. CROFTS, The 12.30 from Croydon, 1934.

            usage: jocular

            biscuit: to take the biscuit

            to win the prize; to be the most outstanding
            or Outrageous instance of something

            See to take the cake
            'I've known some pretty cool customers in
            my time and particularly since they
            stopped hanging but this one takes the biscuit.
            If you ask me he's a raving psychopath.'
            Flint dismissed the idea.

            'Psychopaths crack easy,' he said.
            COBUILD CORPUS.

            usage: Mostly used today in a tone of
            exasperation, with the sense of That's too
            much, That's going too far.

            bit: to take the bit between one's
            teeth

            to be so keen to do something that one
            cannot be restrained, to pursue one's own
            course relentlessly

            The 'bit' is the metal mouthpiece on a
            horse's bridle that enables the rider to
            direct the animal. The horse is only sensitive
            to the rider's direction while the bit
            is in the right place in his mouth. If he
            takes the bit between his teeth he can no
            longer feel the pull of the reins and the
            rider has lost control of him.

            The expression is a very old one, dating
            back in Greek culture to Aeschylus in
            470 BC: 'You take the bit in your teeth,
            like a new-harnessed colt.' It is in the Hebrew
            Wisdom literature of the Old Testament:
            'Be ye not like the horse, or like the
            mule, that have no understanding, whose
            mouth must be held in with bit and bridle,
            lest they come near unto thee.'

            The meaning through millennia has
            been of obstinate self-will. Comparatively
            recently, it has developed the sense of
            determinedly setting out on a task, without
            necessarily negative overtones.

            On the Sunday morning old Heppenstall
            fairly took the bit between his teeth, and
            gave us thirty-six minutes on Certain
            Popular Superstitions. I was sitting next to
            Steggles in the pew, and I saw him blench
            visibly.
            P. G. WODEHOUSE, The Inimitable Jeeves, 1924.

                evince -p 34 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/en-idiomdict2.pdf &

            I can see no particular virtue in writing
            quickly; on the contrary, I am well aware
            that too great a facility is often dangerous,
            and should be curbed when it shows signs
            of getting the bit too firmly between its

            teeth.
            NOEL COWARD, Future Indefinite, 1954.

            bite off more than one can chew,
            to

            to try to do more than one can manage
            or is capable of

            An American phrase of late nineteenth-century
            origin. It probably refers
            to the offering of a bite from a plug of
            tobacco. A greedy man would naturally
            bite off as much as he could but was then
            unable to chew his mouthful comfortably.

            According to Mark Twain, a humorous
            ritual built up around tobacco chewing in
            which a plug of tobacco would be offered
            for a free bite. The biter would then take
            off as much as he could fit into his mouth,
            whereupon the owner of the plug would
            gaze at the stump of tobacco which remained
            and invite his friend to exchange
            the plug for the piece he had bitten off.
            One can easily imagine the playful prohibition
            'Now, Tom, don't bite off more
            than you can chew' as part of the ritual
            conversation.

            'What did the voice say?'

            'It said - only it sounded much more
            apocalyptic in the middle of the night “You've
            bitten off more than you can

            chew, my girl.””'
            GRAHAM GREENE, Our Man in Havana, 1958.
            + bite the bullet» 27

            Babies born this weekend have, if born
            before 10.11 p.m. tomorrow, the Moon in
            adventurous, enthusiastic, optimistic Sagittarius.
            With the Sun in easy-going Libra
            too, they will have a regular tendency to
            bite off more than they can chew - but will

            learn a lot and go a long way as a result.
            TODAY, 12 October, 1991.

            Virgo - Hard work is only too familiar to
            you, so do not bite off more than you can
            chew now, even if career matters seem a
            haven of calm compared with your emotional
            life. Your health will need more care

            over the next four weeks.
            DAILY EXPRESS, January 20, 1992.

            usage: informal

            bite the bullet, to

            to show courage in facing a difficult or
            unpleasant situation

            On the battlefields of the last century,
            wounded men, operated on without the
            benefits of pain-killing drugs and anaesthetics,
            were encouraged to bite on a
            bullet to help them forget their intense
            pain.

            Taking a longer term view of personal
            computing, Apple is also following new
            technology directions in speech and
            character recognition, speech synthesis
            and artificial intelligence to make Macs
            easier to use. . . But all of these enhancements
            will require more power. . . To follow
            these initiatives, Apple has had to bite
            the bullet and move to a high-performance
            RISC technology, even though it is incompatible
            with current Motorola 680XO

            CISC devices.
            MACUSER, May 1, 1992.
            28 « bite the dust +

                evince -p 35 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/en-idiomdict2.pdf &

            usage: The phrase has been a favourite
            with politicians who have the unenviable
            task of encouraging the public to face up
            to hardship with fortitude.

            Bite on the bullet is sometimes found.

            bite the dust, to

            to be finished, to be worn out; to die

            Although it was popularised by the
            American western genre, especially in the
            Nick Carter Library at the turn of the century,
            the phrase has a classical origin
            going back to Homer's Iliad (c850 BC).
            We have the translation of the American
            poet William Cullen Bryant (1870) to
            thank for the modern expression:

            '. . . his fellow warriors, many a one,
            Fall round him to the earth and bite the
            dust.'

            English writers and translators before
            Bryant used other words for 'dust':
            ground (John Gay, Lord Byron,
            Cowper) and sand (Pope).

            The original meaning of the expression
            was 'to fall in battle' but modern usage
            has extended this and now almost anything
            that has succumbed to disrepair or
            failure, from a lawn-mower to a business,
            is said to have bitten the dust.

            And so another hero is about to bite the
            dust - is nothing sacred? This time it's Columbus,
            the intrepid navigator who, as we
            all know, stumbled across the New World
            after braving the unknown ocean. Or did

            he?
            DAILY MAIL, October 16, 1991.

            usage: A cliche. Used very much in
            tongue-in-cheek humorous fashion today.
            bitter end, to the

            to the very last, until overtaken by death
            or defeat

            The anchor cable on sailing ships was
            coiled around the bitts, stout posts set in
            the deck. The last portion of cable, which
            was attached to the bitts themselves, was
            known as the bitter end. Captain John
            Smith explains it thus in his Seaman's
            Grammar of 1627: 'A Bitter is but the
            turne of a Cable about the bitts, and veare
            it out by little and little. And the Bitters end
            is that part of the Cable doth stay within
            boord.' If it were necessary to let out the
            anchor cable to the bitter end, the likelihood
            of disaster would be much greater,
            since there would be nothing left in
            reserve. It is probable, however, that the
            phrase was influenced by a verse in the
            Old Testament book of Proverbs, chapter
            5, verse 4: 'But her end is bitter as wormwood,
            sharp as a two-edged sword.'

            Stockmar had told him that he must 'never
            relax' and he never would. He would go
            on, working to the utmost and striving for
            the highest, to the bitter end. His industry

            grew almost maniacal.
            LYTTON STRACHEY, Queen Victoria, 1921.

            My correspondent assures me that I can
            sire little children right up until the bitter
            end if I have the inclination, although this
            is hardly likely. Our problem is not ability,
            it is simply that we lose our 'get up and
            om SUSSEX TIMES, August 16, 1991.

            ,

            And by the way, the plan did work 
            nearly everyone did stay to the bitter end.
            NATIONAL ASSOCIATION OF PENSION
            FUNDS, EC Bulletin, January 1991.

            usage: Although bitter with the meaning
            'sharp to the taste' is unconnected historically,
            the connotations of to the bitter end
            go beyond the basic sense of 'to the last
            extremity' and suggest a sticky and
            unpleasant last act. There is undoubtedly
            a coalescence of meaning.

                evince -p 36 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/en-idiomdict2.pdf &

            black books: to be in someone's
            black books

            to be out of favour with someone, to be
            in disgrace

            Black books have a very long history. The
            earliest ones seem to be collections of the
            laws of the times or of accounts of contemporary
            practice. The black books
            referred to in the idiom are reports on
            monastic holdings and allegations of corruption
            within the church, compiled by
            Henry VIII during his struggle to sever
            his kingdom from Papal authority. The
            first one listed monasteries that were
            alleged to be centres of 'manifest sin,
            vicious, carnal, and abominable living'.
            In the light of this 'evidence', Parliament
            was persuaded in 1536 to dissolve them
            and assign their property to the king.

            In roughly the same period, black
            books were also held by medieval merchants
            who kept records of people who
            did not pay for goods. Black lists were
            compiled of men who had gone bankrupt.
            In 1592 Robert Greene wrote in his Black
            Bookes Messenger, 'Ned Browne's
            villanies are too many to be described in
            my Blacke Booke.'

            Later, Proctors of the Universities of
            Oxford and Cambridge took to keeping
            black books which listed the names of students
            guilty of misconduct. So did military
            regiments. No one in them could go
            on to a degree or higher rank.
            - black sheep of the family» 29

            usage: The original high seriousness has
            weakened dramatically today. The phrase
            is now used mainly in unimportant social
            contexts. It takes various forms: book can
            be singular; a verb to black or declare
            black derives from the main expression.

            see also: to blacklist

            black sheep of the family, the

            a member of a family who has fallen foul
            of the others, who is in disgrace

            Shepherds dislike black sheep since their
            fleece cannot be dyed and is therefore
            worth less than white. Shepherds in
            earlier times also thought that black
            sheep disturbed the rest of the flock. A
            ballad of 1550 tells us that 'The blacke
            shepe is a perylous beast' and Thomas
            Bastard, writing in 1598, accuses the poor
            animal of being savage:

            Till now I thought the prouerbe did but
            lest,

            Which said a blacke sheepe was a biting
            beast.

            Market forces, superstitions and prejudices
            have prevailed and the term is now
            applied to anyone who does not behave
            as the rest of the group thinks fit.

            We're poor little lambs who've lost our
            way,

            Baa! Baa! Baa!

            We're little black sheep who've gone
            astray,

            Baa - aa - aa!

            Gentleman rankers out on the spree,
            Damned from here to Eternity,

            God h'mercy on such as we,

            Baa! Yah! Baa!
            RUDYARD KIPLING, Ballads and Barrack Room
            Ballads, 'Gentleman Rankers', 1892.
            30 + In black and white +

            bi 2 ee 2 2 ee

            Every privileged class tries at first to whitewash
            its black sheep; if they prove incorrigible,
            they're kicked out.

                evince -p 37 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/en-idiomdict2.pdf &

            In black and white

            In some areas of life, in art or the church for instance, black symbolises evil. This
            is reflected in such idioms as the black arts, black magic, a black-hearted villain,
            and we say something is as black as the devil or as black as hell. They all have
            overtones of evil and wrong-doing.

            Black is also associated with illegality. There's the black market, of course, and
            an ever-increasing black economy where transactions are never declared to the
            Inland Revenue. Much older expressions, such as to fly the black flag and blackmail
            (originally an illegal protection racket), contain the same idea of breaking the law.

            Evil and illegality obviously bring moral censure and disgrace. Not surprisingly
            then there are plenty of phrases expressing this idea: to be in someone's black
            books, to blacklist, to blackball or just to black someone, a blackleg, the black sheep
            of the family, a black mark, and so on.

            Black is associated with death in most cultures and this probably explains the
            gloomy connotations of the word in relation to human feelings. You can be in a
            black humour or mood, look on the black side of things, paint things in black
            colours and claim that things are looking black. Other expressions connecting black
            with feelings aren't much better. To give somebody a black look and to look as
            black as thunder suggest anger and threat.

            On the other hand, white has had generally positive connotations: a white wedding,
            for instance, or that old phrase That's white of you, meaning 'That's fair of
            you'. White has the power to turn something bad into something good. Lying,
            witches and magic all have negative associations, yet add the positive word white
            and they are rendered harmless, even beneficial: a white lie, a white witch and white
            magic.

            Conversely, there are quite a few negative expressions connected with white. A
            coward may be white-livered, be shown the white feather or surrender by waving
            the white flag.

            None the less, it is generally true to say that in English black indicates bad whilst
            white indicates good.

            RICHARD ALDINGTON, Soft Answers, 'Now Lies yyy family than you are!'
            he There', 1932. GEORGETTE HEYER, Black Sheep, 1966

            oe eee eee ee ®e ee ee oe ee eh hmhUhhUhOChUhOrChUchOrChUchOOrhUchOrmhUhOrmhUhrhUhOrhUchhUhOrhUhrmhUlUhrhUhOrhUCUchhUchhrhUlUchhUchOrmhUCUcrOhrmhClUcrrmhCUcOrhUlUcPmhUchOhUchhUhOCmUh}OCUC FH Lh HH HHH

            'May I speak frankly to you, sir? About
            your nephew? I do not wish to offend you,
            but I fancy he is more the black sheep of

                evince -p 38 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/en-idiomdict2.pdf &

            There is one black sheep in every family,
            but what about the idea that there is one

            very white one?
            DAILY MAIL, August 8, 1991.

            usage: Usually used of a family member;
            by extension it can refer to any member
            of a close-knit group or very generally to
            a ne'er-do-well. In these senses it is often
            abbreviated to black sheep.

            see also: to have a skeleton in one's
            cupboard

            blackball, to

            to exclude someone from a social group
            or club

            In the eighteenth century applicants for
            membership of exclusive clubs were
            voted upon by the existing members. A
            white or black ball was put into an urn.
            If just one black ball was found at the
            count, then the candidate was not admitted.
            Today the means of voting might be
            different - as the quotation from the
            Daily Mail shows - but the term is still
            around, as is the exclusivity it represents.

            See to spill the beans for voting
            methods.

            I shall make a note to blackball him at the

            Athenaeum.
            BENJAMIN DISRAELI, Vivian Grey, 1826.

            There has been a campaign of vilification
            against the Duke of Roxburghe culminating
            in the falsehood that he had been
            'blackballed' by the Jockey Club. . . Roxburghe's
            name was circulated to the 115 or
            so members of the Jockey Club for
            approval. The election will take place later
            this month and the Marquis of Hartington,
            the Senior Steward, informed members
            * blacklist» 31

            that unless he heard from nine or more
            against a nomination, these four [nominated]
            would go forward, but the Jockey
            Club did receive letters opposing Rox
            burghe's candidacy.
            DAILY MAIL, October 2, 1991.

            But at the Garrick these delicate matters
            are transacted in a blaze of gossip paragraphs.
            When Bernard Levin was blackballed
            by the lawyers (for a posthumous
            denunciation of the Lord Chief Justice
            Goddard's bigotry and boorishness), it
            was the talk of two continents. When
            Anthony Howard was in danger of being
            blackballed for a second time, allegedly by
            someone he had fallen out with at school,
            his brother-in-law Alan Watkins, un uomo
            di rispetto, ensured that his name was resubmitted
            and approved - again in the
            spotlight. A BBC rival is said to have
            engineered the blackballing of Brian Wenham.
            Anything less clubbable than these
            publicised stabbings it is hard for outsiders

            to conceive.
            OBSERVER, July 5, 1992.

            usage: The phrase can be applied to situations
            wider than entry to exclusive clubs,
            with a sense closer to give someone the
            cold shoulder. However, it retains connotations
            of upper class snobbery.

            see also: to blacklist, to spill the beans

            blacklist, to

            to list the name of someone contravening
            rules or conventions; to ostracise

            The history of blacklist is closely connected
            with that of to be in someone's black
            books. One American authority suggests
            its first use was in the reign of Charles
            II, with reference to a list of persons
            32. ~—=s-: blanket +

                evince -p 39 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/en-idiomdict2.pdf &

            implicated in the trial and execution of
            his father, Charles I. On his accession to
            the throne, Charles II hunted them out,
            executing thirteen and imprisoning many
            others.

            Particularly in the twentieth century,
            the principal use has been in relation to
            management and union affairs. The OED
            gives J. D. Hackett's 1923 definition in
            his Labor Terms in Management Engineering:
            'Black List. A list of union workmen
            circulated by employers to prevent
            such workers from being hired.' Conversely,
            unions have produced blacklists
            of firms they refuse to deal with. Laws,
            litigation and considerable industrial
            strife have regularly resulted. Wider uses
            are reasonably common, e.g. libraries can
            have blacklists of borrowers who abuse
            the system.

            The Maritime Unions have threatened to

            declare 'black' all the government liners.
            DAILY MAIL, March 17, 1928.

            Rock star Rod Stewart has been blacklisted
            by an 80,000-strong entertainment
            union over an unpaid bill. The union is
            threatening to take the 47-year-old singer
            to court if he fails to pay £2,350 for clothes
            he wore on a tour almost five years ago.
            The singer has now been added to a
            BECTU warning list sent out to all

            members.
            DAILY EXPRESS, May 25, 1992.

            usage: Blacklist is both a noun and a verb.
            It is most commonly written as one word
            nowadays, though hyphenated or twoword
            versions persist. In the abbreviated
            form to black, the use is only in the
            restricted context of union affairs.

            see also: to be in someone's black books
            blanket: born on the wrong side
            of the blanket

            illegitimate

            This is a delicate euphemism for an illegitimate
            child. The allusion could be to the
            consequences of hurried moments of
            illicit sexual pleasure on the top of the
            blankets, whereas legitimate children
            would have been conceived in more
            leisure and with due propriety underneath
            them.

            Alternatively, it might refer to the
            shame of illegitimate births that forced
            mothers to have their children in secrecy
            outside the marriage bed rather than in
            the comfort of it.

            My mother was an honest woman. I didn't

            come in on the wrong side of the blanket.
            TOBIAS SMOLLETT. Humphry Clinker, 1771.

            Psychiatrists will tell you . . . that none of
            it is accidental, but a subconscious compulsion
            to confront the truth, and to puncture
            pomposity ... it would certainly
            explain the way my husband (a kindly and
            usually mildly spoken man) was heard
            telling a colleague that he was a lucky bastard
            one day, a silly bastard the next, and
            a clever bastard on the third. My husband
            put this down entirely to having been
            warned so repeatedly of the man's
            immense sensitivity about having been
            born on the wrong side of the blanket that
            it was the only thing he could remember

            about him.
            GOOD HOUSEKEEPING, May 1992.

            usage: Derogatory, but becoming less
            common as society's attitude to illegitimacy
            changes.

                evince -p 40 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/en-idiomdict2.pdf &

            Blighty: dear old Blighty
            England

            Soldiers serving in India adopted and
            adapted the Hindi word bilayti, meaning
            'foreign', to refer to their distant homeland.
            The expression became widely used
            among forces in the First World War and
            a variation, blighty-one, meant a wound
            that was serious enough to cause the
            injured man to be sent home to England.

            During the First World War, quite a
            number of British soldiers were affected
            by an incurable disease that was a sure-fire
            guarantee for a one-way ticket to Blighty.
            DAH it was called - Disorder Affecting

            the Heart.
            COBUILD CORPUS: Alistair Maclean, San Andreas,
            1984.

            usage: Very high in emotional content,
            hence its use and new lease of life in
            moments of national crisis, such as the
            Falklands Campaign and Gulf War.

            blue: like a bolt from the blue
            totally unexpectedly

            The reference here is to a bolt of lightning
            coming from a cloudless blue sky. If
            atmospheric conditions had not led one
            to suspect that it might happen, such an
            event would be shocking and unexpected
            indeed. It is not known how long the
            phrase has been in the spoken language,
            but Thomas Carlyle used it in The French
            Revolution in 1837: 'Arrestment, sudden
            really as a bolt out of the blue, has hit
            strange victims.'
            «bluemoon+ 33

            In the Summer Term of '93 a bolt from
            the blue flashed down on Oxford. It drove
            deep, it hurtlingly embedded itself in the
            soil. Dons and undergraduates stood
            around, rather pale, discussing nothing
            but it. Whence came it, this meteorite?
            From Paris. Its name? Will Rothenstein.

            Its aim? ...
            MAX BEERBOHM, Seven Men, 'Enoch Soames',
            1912.

            see also: out of the blue

            blue: out of the blue

            suddenly and _ surprisingly, totally
            unexpectedly

            See like a bolt from the blue

            We cannot live in a permanent state of
            religious rapture, but there are those
            special disclosure moments when, out of
            the blue, God meets us, refreshes us and
            restores us.

            MID SUSSEX TIMES, August 16, 1991.

            Then, out of the blue, | started to suffer
            hot flushes. I would experience a strange
            sensation in my stomach, and could count
            the seconds before this terrible gush of heat

            consumed my body.
            WOMAN'S OWN, September 16, 1991.

            usage: Can be good or bad news.

            see also: like a bolt from the blue

            blue moon, once in a

            very rarely, occasionally

            Blue moons really do occur but only
            under extremely rare atmospheric conditions.
            Collins (1958) lists the occurrences
            of recent blue moons and explains
            34 + Blue Ribbon +

                evince -p 41 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/en-idiomdict2.pdf &

            them as dust particles (the eruption of
            Krakatoa in 1883, or a forest fire in
            Alberta in September 1920).

            The allusion to the moon being blue
            goes back at least to a 1528 rhyme:

            If they saye the mone is belewe,
            We muct beleve that it is true.

            The earliest reference to the phrase in the
            form we know it today is in J. Burrowes'
            Life in St George's Fields (1821).

            That indefinite period known as a 'blue

            moon'.
            EDMUND YATES, Wrecked in Port, 1869.

            A fruit pasty once in a blue moon.
            MISS BRADDON, Joshua Haggard's Daughter, 1876.

            If Mr Gladstone had only become visible
            once in a blue moon to a patient watcher,
            and even then had torn his way back into
            darkness in frenzied haste, Lord Morley
            could hardly have written three volumes

            about him.
            ROBERT LYND, The Blue Lion, 'Going for a Walk',
            1923.

            usage: informal

            Blue Ribbon, the

            the highest distinction, the pick of the
            bunch

            The most desired Order of Knighthood in
            Britain is the blue ribbon of the Garter.
            It is conferred by the Sovereign. By extension,
            the expression the blue ribbon
            connotes excellence and the highest
            honour. It is usually used in conjunction
            with something quite outstanding.

            The Blue Ribbon of the Turf, for
            instance, is the Derby. Lord Beaconsfield
            apparently originated the phrase in the
            splendid quotation from his Biography
            of Lord George Bentinck, given below.

            The Blue Ribbon of the Atlantic has the
            alternative form the Blue Riband of the
            Atlantic - see The Old Curiosity Shop of
            Linguistics (page 108).

            Less common forms are the Blue
            Ribbon of the Law (the office of the Lord
            Chancellor) and the Blue Ribbon of the
            Church (the Archbishopric _ of
            Canterbury).

            There is an interesting parallel case in
            French. Cordon bleu means 'blue
            ribbon'. Honours conferred on knights of
            the Order of the Holy Spirit (L'Ordre du
            Saint Esprit) were suspended from this
            ribbon. The development of meaning
            took a rather different path in France,
            however. These chevaliers by association
            became known as cordons bleus. They
            had a reputation for excellent food, so un
            repas de cordon bleu was really out of
            the ordinary. English has since borrowed
            the term, such that we now refer to
            cordon bleu cooking and chefs.

            Lord George had given up racing to
            become the leader of the Conservative
            party, and was defeated in Parliament a
            few days before the horse Surplice, which
            he had sold, won the coveted prize. The
            two events troubled him greatly.

            'It was in vain to offer solace,' says
            Disraeli.

            He gave a sort of stifled groan. 'All my
            life I have been trying for this, and for
            what have I sacrificed it? You do not know
            what the Derby is,' he moaned out.

            'Yes I do; it is the Blue Ribbon of the
            Turf.'

            'It is the Blue Ribbon of the Turf,' he
            slowly repeated, and sitting down ata table

            he buried himself in a folio of statistics.
            LORD BEACONSFIELD, Biography of Lord George
            Bentinck, 1870.

                evince -p 42 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/en-idiomdict2.pdf &

            In 1840 he was elected to a fellowship at
            Oriel, then the blue ribbon of the uni
            versity.
            THE ATHENAEUM, 1887.

            usage: The phrase is now more passively
            recognised than actively used, though it
            was popular enough in the 1970s for the
            marketing men to name a chocolate bar
            a Blue Riband. With this exception, riband
            is not used outside the phrase the
            Blue Riband of the Atlantic. Initial capitals
            are usual, except adjectivally, where
            a hyphen is also common.

            see also: blue-chip

            blue stocking, a

            an erudite woman

            In Venice in 1400, a society was founded
            by erudite men and women. It was named
            Della Calza, 'of the stocking', and had
            blue stockings as its emblem. The idea
            was copied in Paris in 1590 when a club
            called Bas-bleu, 'Blue-stocking', was
            begun and proved very successful among
            ladies of learning. It was not until about
            1750 that London had a similar society.
            This was founded by Lady Montagu who,
            tired of the trivial social round of cards
            and gossip, opened her house to likeminded
            intellectuals and invited prominent
            literary figures of the day to share
            their ideas. Emphasis was on learning and
            discussion, not on fashion and it was soon
            noticed by smart society that one member
            of the circle, Benjamin Stillingfieet,
            habitually wore his everyday blue
            worsted stockings to the gatherings instead
            of the black silk favoured for
            evening wear. The group, already the
            + blue-blooded+ 35

            subject of derision and ridicule, was
            promptly labelled 'the Blue Stocking
            Society'.

            Today the term continues to have
            derogatory overtones. According to one
            journalist 'Bluestocking is now a man's
            term of abuse when faced with the ugly
            possibility that a woman may be cleverer
            than he is.' (The Times, February 5, 1992)

            For someone now hailed as being so extraordinary,
            it is fascinating to discover that
            Hawking's formative years and influence
            were so very ordinary. We learn about his
            'slightly bluestocking' family life in Hillside
            Road, St Albans; his studies at
            St Albans School; and his circle of close

            schoolboy friends . . .
            TIMES EDUCATIONAL SUPPLEMENT, January
            17, 1992.

            Something of value is being lost with the
            passing of our blue-stocking colleges . . .
            There is something to be said for the fun,
            and freedom, and privacy, and sensible
            feminism of an all-women's college .. .
            Equality means equal opportunities, not

            compulsory shared bathrooms for all.
            THE TIMES, February 5, 1992.

            blue-blooded

            born into a royal or aristocratic family

            The phrase is a direct translation from the
            Spanish sangre azul (blue blood). AD 711
            saw the first invasion of Spain by the
            Moors and, for centuries, vast areas of
            the country were under Moorish influence
            and rule. Spanish aristocrats had
            fairer complexions than the duskyskinned
            Moors, who were considered
            their social inferiors, and their veins
            showed more blue beneath their paler
            skin.
            36

                evince -p 43 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/en-idiomdict2.pdf &

            A question of colour

            Some years ago there was a fascinating piece of research done by two
            anthropologists in America. After looking at ninety-eight different languages
            they found that contrary to contemporary views there were universal
            basic colour terms. Some languages had as few as two basic colour
            terms, whereas others could have up to eleven. Not only that, but languages
            acquire colour terms in a fixed order. For instance, any language
            with only two basic colour terms, such as Jale in New Guinea, must have
            black and white. A language with three basic colour terms must have
            black, white and red. One with five colour terms must have black, white,
            red, green and yellow, and so on.

            The evidence seems strong that this is how languages in general acquire
            their basic colour terms. Idioms including colour terms, however, show
            some characteristics that are difficult to explain in terms of universals of
            language. Perhaps that's not surprising, since one fundamental characteristic
            of an idiom is that it breaks the rules of language. Rather, the evidence
            from them points to each language expressing a unique world view
            by the way it slices up reality into its own relative categories. For instance,
            why do we say fo be in the red in English, yet to be in the green in Italian?
            Why is a blackleg in English a yellow in French and Spanish? And why is
            to be in someone's black books in English to be in the green book of
            somebody in Spanish?

            One particularly interesting example is that of the blue joke or 'dirty
            story'. In Spanish this can be a red story or a green joke. Yet in French a
            blue tale means a 'fairy story'. However, still in French, a green story or
            even a green as a noun does mean our blue story. But a German who tells
            blue tales is lying - perhaps telling a white lie?

            So individual are languages, so much do things change from language
            to language, that several authorities have suggested that a good test to
            decide if a given phrase is an idiom or not - and this applies to all idioms,
            not just colour idioms - is to see if it translates directly into another
            language. If it does, it's not an idiom. If it doesn't, it is.

            Better ways to decide what constitutes an idiom are considered in What
            is an idiom? (see page 6). However, the translation test highlights the
            peculiarity and idiosyncrasy of different languages as a basic criterion for
            definition, which in turn lends support to what is known technically as the
            Sapir-Whorf hypothesis. This argues that languages - and, it seems from
            the limited evidence above, idioms also - are the unique product of their
            immediate context and do not obviously obey universal rules.

                evince -p 44 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/en-idiomdict2.pdf &

            And the girl - what of her? To which side
            of the house did she belong? To the blue
            blood of the Clintons, or the muddy

            stream of the Carews?
            MRS E. LYNN LINTON, Pastor Carew, 1886.

            Before long there was an endless stream
            of customers and a new class of clientéle
            beginning to tread the path to our door.
            The advance party were the fashion journalists,
            and then came the wives of pop
            stars and the junior league blue bloods.

            The success was phenomenal.
            DAILY MAIL, October 16, 1991.

            Most of the other 10 queens are on European
            thrones, but the thin blue-blooded
            line reaches as far as Queen Aishwarya of

            Nepal, and Queen Mata-aho of Tonga.
            GOOD HOUSEKEEPING, February 1992.

            usage: A fuller form is to have blue blood
            (in one's veins).

            blue-chip

            reliable, giving the highest return

            This phrase comes from the gaming
            tables. Chips are the coloured counters
            used to represent money in games like
            poker. The blue chip has the highest
            value, so a blue-chip investment is one
            that promises to be most lucrative. A
            blue-chip company is financially secure,
            with high profits. A blue-ribbon company,
            on the other hand, is judged principally
            in terms of honour and excellence,
            not simply of the size of its bank balance.

            The group still has a blue-chip client list,
            however, and serves more than 300 of the

            Fortune 500 companies.
            NATIONAL ASSOCIATION OF PENSION
            FUNDS, EC Bulletin, January 1991.

            BTR poised for Blue Chip bid
            HEADLINE, OBSERVER, September 15, 1991.
            *board+ 37

            usage: Although gambling is clearly a
            risky business, the connotations of bluechip
            are much more positive: good
            returns with security is the sense conveyed,
            in an interesting shift of meaning.
            There is varied initial capitalisation —- on
            the whole it is better not to. It is progressively
            more common to omit the hyphen.

            see also: Blue Ribbon

            blue-eyed boy, a
            a favourite, a protégé

            Some of the varying applications of the
            word blue are discussed in Giving it to
            them hot and strong (page 117) and A
            question of colour (page 36). Here we are
            concerned with fair hair and blue eyes,
            which have long been connected with
            chastity and innocence.

            Rating standards differ from manager to
            manager in a single company. There is
            also the 'blue-eyed boy' syndrome. If a

            manager likes you, you are well paid.
            DAILY TELEGRAPH, May 21, 1992.

            usage: For all its positive associations,
            blue-eyed boy is often used deprecatingly,
            with implications of favouritism and
            nepotism.

            The form blue-eyed girl is occasionally
            found.

            see also: the apple of one's eye

            board: to go by the board

            to be cast aside; to be irretrievably lost

            A 'board' is the side of a ship, and something
            which goes by the board falls over
            the side (overboard) into the sea and is
            probably lost forever. The phrase is often
            38 + bombshell +

                evince -p 45 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/en-idiomdict2.pdf &

            applied to ideas, projects or values which
            are discarded through impracticality or in
            favour of something else.

            Measures affecting a particular class or a
            particular locality would be apt to go by
            the board. They might command a large
            and enthusiastic majority among those primarily
            affected by them, but only receive

            a languid assent elsewhere.
            L. T. HOBHOUSE, Liberalism. 1920.

            There are times, Madame, when pride and
            dignity - they go by the board! There are

            other - stronger emotions.
            AGATHA CHRISTIE, Death on the Nile, 1937.

            bombshell: to drop a bombshell

            to disclose disturbing news or information

            Various metaphors have taken root from
            the basic military term. One concerns a
            piece of news that has an impact like that
            of a bomb going off. Another, in the expression
            a blonde bombshell, suggests
            that the stunning good looks of a woman
            with blonde hair (not usually any other
            colour) have a startling effect on those
            who see her.

            Our golden years were just about to begin
            when Peter dropped a bombshell: all our

            married life he had been having affairs.
            DAILY MAIL, October 16, 1991.

            usage: Bombshell can never be shortened
            to the virtual synonym bomb and retain
            the same sense. Blonde is rarely spelt
            blond - appropriately since in this case
            it is borrowed from the French feminine
            form and refers to a woman.
            boot: the boot is on the other foot

            there has been a reversal of circumstances
            or Opinion

            The end of the eighteenth century saw a
            revolution in shoemaking: for the first
            time cobblers were beginning to make
            'right' and 'left' shoes. Before then shoes
            could be put on either foot, so if one boot
            pinched and rubbed excessively the obvious
            thing to do was to try it out on the
            other foot to see if it suited better.

            Here . . . the boot is on the other leg, and
            Civilisation is ashamed of her arrange
            ments in the presence of a savage.
            WINSTON CHURCHILL, My African Journey, 1908.

            A few years ago Speelman - then ranked
            number five in the world - caused something
            of an upset when he beat number
            three-ranked Short. This time the boot was
            on the other foot. 'We all suspected that
            Nigel hadn't developed the degree of ruthlessness
            he needed to beat a friend,' says

            Black. 'Now he obviously has.'
            DAILY EXPRESS, April 30, 1992.

            usage: The boot is on the other leg is less
            common, so is the shoe is on the other
            foot.

            boot, to

            in addition, as well


            The etymology ought to be more exciting
            but has nothing to do with stylish footwear.
            Boot in this phrase comes from the
            Anglo-Saxon bot which means 'advantage'
            or 'profit'. The word was current
            until the early nineteenth century but has
            since fallen out of use, surviving only in
            this phrase meaning 'in addition' or, literally,
            'for a profit'.

                evince -p 46 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/en-idiomdict2.pdf &

            Mrs Mackridge had no wit, but she had
            acquired the caustic voice and gestures
            along with the satins and trimmings of the
            great lady. When she told you it was a fine
            morning, she seemed also to be telling you

            you were a fool and a low fool to boot.
            H. G. WELLS. Tono-Bungay, 1909.

            Unkind though it sounds, he was even
            more boring than the last one and Sft 2in
            to boot. We had dinner in a brightly-lit
            restaurant and he ordered cottage cheese
            and lettuce. | was clearly expected to do
            the same. After that, I decided to give up

            on men for a while.
            GOOD HOUSEKEEPING, November 1991.

            usage: literary

            brand new

            entirely new, completely new

            Here brand has nothing to do with the
            mark of workmanship, but means 'firebrand,
            piece of burning wood'. Brand
            new comes from the smith's trade and so
            was originally used only of objects made
            of metal which were literally fire-new,
            fresh from the furnace.

            A man of fire-new words.
            WILLIAM SHAKESPEARE, Love's Labour's Lost,
            1595.

            usage: The addition of brand intensifies
            the basic sense of new, as did spanking in
            the very dated spanking new. Occasionally
            written as one word, more frequently
            hyphenated. Now most commonly as two
            words.

            see also: spick and span
            * brass tacks» 39

            brass tacks: to get down to brass
            tacks

            to bring the essential facts under discussion,
            to get to the heart of the matter

            The phrase would seem to be American
            and, probably, nineteenth century,
            although its origins are obscure. The most
            common suggestion is that the wooden
            countertop in a draper's store would have
            brass-headed tacks hammered into it at
            carefully measured intervals. The customer
            who had got to the point of having
            her cloth measured out against the tacks
            was about to make a purchase and was
            really getting down to business.

            The expression, however, seems to
            suggest a removal of layers in order to
            reveal the tacks. Two suggestions from
            different American authorities cover this
            implication.

            The first is that the brass tacks may
            refer to those used by upholsterers to fix
            the fabric and wadding in place. Any
            defect in the furniture or renewal of the
            upholstery meant stripping it down to the
            brass tacks to sort the problem out.

            The second suggestion is that the
            expression originated in the shipyard and
            referred to the cleaning of a ship's hull, a
            process which involved scrubbing off all
            the barnacles to reveal the bolts which
            held the structure together. The exponent
            of this theory admits that such bolts
            would be of copper and not brass and that
            a tack is rather a flimsy fastening with
            which to secure a ship, but puts this down
            to American understatement for humorous
            effect.

            Rhyme might also come into the story,
            if only to reinforce the meaning: 'hard
            facts' conveniently is similar in sense and
            rhymes with 'brass tacks'. However, it is
            unlikely that rhyming slang is the full
            explanation of the etymology.
            40 bread +

                evince -p 47 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/en-idiomdict2.pdf &

            Highbrow sermons that don't come down
            to brass tacks.
            SINCLAIR LEWIS, Our Mr Wrenn, 1914.

            usage: It is common to find this idiom
            used after a period of not talking about
            the important point, after beating abou
            the bush! Colloquial.

            bread: the best thing since sliced
            bread

            the best innovation for some time

            Rees (1990) mentions a clever advertisement
            of Sainsbury's from 1981: 'Sainsbury's
            brings you the greatest thing since
            sliced bread. Unsliced bread.'

            These days we pour scorn on the tastelessness
            and spongy texture of the product
            which we take so much for granted,
            but when it first appeared, in 1925, it
            caused quite a stir. The loaves, neatly and
            hygienically wrapped in waxed paper.
            were produced by a bakery founded in
            1840 by Henry Nevill. When sample
            loaves from the Nevill bakery were put
            on show at the Wembley Exhibition, they
            were greeted with such excitement that
            other businesses were swift to board the
            bandwagon and invest in the machinery
            required. The 1950s brought the formation
            of large bakery groups which started
            to produce vast quantities of sliced bread
            to meet a growing demand. Loaves now
            came in a plastic wrapper and were sold
            through supermarket outlets.

            It is not known when the phrase the
            best thing since sliced bread first became
            popular. It may have been during the
            early years of the product or perhaps
            when sales started to boom in the 1950s
            and the work of the housewife was made
            just that little bit easier.
            I work as a technician in a secondary
            school where we have 21 Macs. The staff
            think the machines are the best thing since
            sliced bread and use them all the time for

            their work.
            MACUSER, May 1, 1992.

            The greatest thing since sliced bread, they
            say . . . Quite an accolade, when the only
            great thing about sliced bread is that it fits
            easily into a toaster and makes neat sand
            wiches.
            DAILY MAIL, May 11, 1992.

            usage: It can be the greatest, best or even
            hottest thing since sliced bread. Informal.

            breadline, on the

            very poor, having almost nothing to eat

            On the breadline originated in America
            during the last century. Poor people
            queued for free or cheap bread (line is
            American for 'queue'), so the phrase
            gained the general meaning of 'destitute,
            bordering on starvation'. A specific story
            about the possible origin concerns the
            Fleischmann family and the bakery business
            they ran in New York, in the 1870s.
            The bakery was renowned for the freshness
            of its fare, a reputation won by the
            fact that all the bread left on the shelves
            at closing time was given away to
            the poor. The queue of hungry people
            which stood outside the shop each
            evening became known as the breadline.

            Mr David Fryer of the University of Stirling
            interviewed people who had recently
            lost their jobs and found that even those
            far from the breadline felt cut off from

            their peer groups.
            GOOD HOUSEKEEPING, September 1991.

                evince -p 48 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/en-idiomdict2.pdf &

            break: a good/bad/lucky break
            a good/bad opportunity, chance

            The most likely origin seems to come
            from pool, though the source suggested
            for to give someone a break is also a possibility
                here. In pool, the game begins with
            the balls arranged in a set position. The
            first player then uses the cue ball to break
            this formation. The 'break' is largely a
            matter of chance, the skill coming into
            subsequent play. With a good break a
            skilful player can go on to pocket many
            of the balls and build towards a winning
            position; a bad break gives the other
            player an opportunity to play. A lucky
            break is easy to understand as an extension
            of the basic idea.

            Even with the girl's full co-operation the
            description of the two men was sketchy.
            The first lucky break the homicide officers
            got on the Lustig killing was a direct result

            of the killers' haste.
            COBUILD CORPUS.

            break: to get/give someone a
            re

            to get/be given a good opportunity; to be
            let off

            The phrase may well be a piece of underworld
            slang. A break was an interruption
            in a street performer's act during which
            he would pass round the hat for the audience
            to show their appreciation. The term
            was taken up by the vagrant and criminal
            community and by the nineteenth century
            a break had come to mean a collection or
            whip-round made for a felon on his
            release from prison. The lucky man had
            been given a break, he had not been left
            *buck+ 41

            to face the world completely penniless.

            It is also possible that the source could
            be in the pool room, as detailed in a good
            break.

            Bogart: Initially, when I started my own
            thing, it was difficult to get work. Actually,
            the first place to give me a break was

            Ethel's Place.
            COBUILD CORPUS: Washington National Public
            Radio, 1991.

            usage: Often said pleadingly and easily
            becomes a cliche: 'Give me a break,
            Guv'nor!'

            buck: to pass the buck

            to pass the responsibility on to someone
            else

            A poker term which refers to the marker
            (buck) which was placed in front of a
            player as a reminder that it was his turn
            to deal. The dealer has the unenviable
            task of declaring the first stake and may
            choose to pass the marker on, thus avoiding
            the responsibility. Some say that the
            original marker was a buckhorn knife,
            hence the word buck. An alternative
            explanation - perhaps a complementary
            one - is that in the early West of America
            a silver dollar was used as the marker. As
            everyone knows, the informal term for
            dollar is buck, so the passing on of the
            dollar was literally passing the buck. This
            monetary use of buck has been widespread
            since the mid-1800s. John Bakeless
            in Master of the Wilderness (1939)
            explains why: 'Skins were classified
            [around 1800] as ''bucks” and “'does'', the
            former being larger, and more valuable.
            Americans still refer to dollars as ''bucks”'

            . echoing the business terminology of
            their ancestors.'
            42 - bull 
                evince -p 49 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/en-idiomdict2.pdf &

            US President Truman had a sign on his
            desk in the White House which read, 'the
            buck stops here', indicating that he was
            prepared to take full responsibility for
            every decision made under his presidency.
            Later presidents, Ford and Carter
            among them, have echoed his intent by
            quoting the phrase after announcing
            weighty decisions. Gerald Ford used it,
            for example, when deciding to pardon
            Richard Nixon.

            In straits like these, the wrestler with destiny
            is tempted to look for bugbears and
            scapegoats to carry the burden of his own
            inadequacy. Yet to 'pass the buck' in
            adversity is still more dangerous than to
            persuade oneself that prosperity is everlasting.

            A. J. TOYNBEE, Civilization on Trial, 1948.

            Dear X, I'm not going to tell you to forget
            your childhood, because you carry it with
            you to the grave. You can't exorcise the
            past; all you can do is learn from it. You
            can say, 'I'm here. I survived.' You can
            make sure that the buck stops right there,
            that you break the cycle and say, 'That's
            how it was for me but I'm going to make
            my child the happiest child in the whole

            world.'
            COSMOPOLITAN, July 1989.

            I consulted my Handbook of Psychiatry
            about all this. If I understood it correctly,
            it all comes down to the female capacity to
            feel guilt and accept blame . . . The hand
            that rocks the cradle stops the buck; and
            it's not an entirely ignoble thing to do.
            After all something has to halt the damn

            thing in its tracks . . .
            GOOD HOUSEKEEPING, July 1992.

            usage: Informal, with an American
            flavour.
            bull: to take the bull by the horns
            to face up to a difficulty with boldness

            Although bull-running once took place in
            England it was made illegal in 1840, so
            since the phrase has only been in use from
            the beginning of the nineteenth century,
            it probably alludes not to this but to the
            Spanish sport of bull-fighting. Early in the
            fight the bull is tormented and enraged
            by the banderilleros who pierce his neck
            muscles with darts. As a result, the bull's
            head droops, making it easier for the
            matador to play him along with his cape,
            sometimes grasping his horns before
            finally killing him.

            Nora would have faced the difficulty, and

            taken the bull by the horns.
            ANTHONY TROLLOPE, He Knew He Was Right,
            1869.

            I have often been told to be bold, and take

            the bull by the horns.
            C, H. SPURGEON, John Ploughman's Talk, 1869.

            To hang our heads in private and not be
            seen about anywhere would only make our
            ultimate emergence more embarrassing,
            and it seemed much more sensible to take
            the bull, however fetid its breath, by the
            horns at the outset.

            NOEL COWARD, Present Indicative, 1937.
            Cresson takes the bull by the horns in pick
            ing IBM as France's partner.
            HEADLINE, THE TIMES, February 7, 1992.

            burn one's boats/bridges (behind
            one), to

            to be so committed to a course of action
            that it is impossible to withdraw

            The phrase refers to the practice Roman
            generals sometimes employed of setting
            fire to their own boats after mounting an
            °

                evince -p 50 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/en-idiomdict2.pdf &

            ¢ Like a load of old bull +

            “eet ee fe © #@ © © © © © © © © © © © © © ese © ee ee ee ee ee Fe ee © ee © +

            Like a load of old bull

            Similes are figures of speech which compare two things, using the words as or like.
            Sometimes the comparison is very unflattering or redolent with negative connotations.
            There are plenty of idiomatic English similes that fit into this category.
            The two that follow have overseas associations and to some extent reflect the
            chauvinism implicit in many idioms. For much more overt dislike of foreigners, see
            National rivalries (page 76).

            like a red rag to a bull: Spanish bull fights are well-known throughout the world.
            The brave matador shakes his cape in front of the bull's nose, enraging it. It was
            believed that the red lining of the cape excited the bulls and made them even more
            fearful opponents. Sad to say, it appears that bulls are colour blind and react to
            the movement of the cape, not to its colour. However, that was not widely known
            when the Spanish bull-fighting practice found its way into our simile like a red rag
            to a bull.

            The phrase is used to mean 'likely to cause great annoyance or anger', as in this
            example from a nineteenth-century magazine: 'George II hated books, and the sight
            of one in a drawing room was as a red rag to a bull.' It is often used in connection
            with people who get angry very quickly.

            like a bull in a china shop is also uncomplimentary. The china shop refers to shops
            which have existed since the sixteenth century when traders started bringing back
            fine porcelain from China. The power of the image lies in the juxtaposition of the
            clumsy bulk of the bull with the delicacy of the china. The phrase applies to

            + somebody who is very awkward physically and keeps knocking things to the floor

            invasion. This was to remove any idea of

            and breaking them. By extension it can be used of anyone behaving in a rough,
            assertive way.

            eee eeeeeee#eee#eeeeeeeteteee © # @# #®& © # © # © © © © © ee ee ee 8 &

            43

            e
            .
            .
            °
            °
            .
            .
            .
            .
            .
            °.
            .
            .
            .
            .
            .
            .
            .
            e
            e
            .
            .
            .
            .
            .
            .
            .
            .
            .
            +
            .
            .
            .
            .
            .
            .
            e
            .
            .
            .
            .
            .
            .
            .
            .

            'This'll make it pretty hard for you to come

            retreat from the minds of their soldiers.
            Similarly, as the Roman army advanced,
            they would burn bridges behind them,
            forcing the soldiers to move forward.

            Then he took the perforated cardboard
            and tore that likewise into small pieces.
            'Now I have burned my boats with a ven
            geance,' he added grimly.
            JAMES PAYN, c1880.

            He thought of his past, its cold splendour
            and insouciance. But he knew that for him
            there was no returning. His boats were

            burnt.
            MAX BEERBOHM, Zuleika Dobson, 1911.

            back.'

            'Come back?' Robert asked _incredulously,
            as if | were mad. So he was
            really going it. Putting a match to his boats

            and bridges right in front of my eyes.
            JOHN WAIN, The Contenders, 1958.

            usage: Burning one's boats is probably
            more frequent than one's bridges. The
            phrase emphasises the high risk element:
            a daring venture in the first place, made
            still more hazardous by an 'all or nothing'
            action.

            see also: to cross the Rubicon
            44 « burn the midnight oil +

                evince -p 51 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/en-idiomdict2.pdf &

            burn the midnight oil, to

            to stay up late, usually to study or write

            The idea of burning away oil in the pursuit
            of learning and creativity is not
            uncommon in classical literature. In his
            Life of Demosthenes, Plutarch speaks of
            the orator's meticulous care in composition,
            then writes: 'For this many of the
            orators ridiculed him, and Pytheas in particular
            told him, “That all his arguments
            smelled of the lamp.” Demosthenes
            retorted sharply upon him: “Yes, indeed,
            but your lamp and mine, my friend, are
            not conscious to the same labours."''

            The phrase as we know it today has
            been in use since at least the mid seventeenth
            century and, in the following century,
            Gay had occasion to use it more
            than once, as in this passage from Trivia
            which describes bookstalls in London
            streets:

            Walkers at leisure learning's flowers may
            spoil,

            Nor watch the wasting of the midnight
            oil.

            Even in these days of electricity and light
            bulbs the phrase has remained current to
            describe those, especially students, who
            write or study far into the night.

            I burn the midnight oil, and the early
            black-bird - the first of our choir to awake
            - has often saluted me on my way home.
            Therefore I lie in bed in the morning looking
            at the ceiling and listening to the
            sounds of the busy world without a twinge

            of conscience.
            A. G. GARDINER ('Alpha of the Plough'), 'On Early
            Rising'. c1910.

            Would not the expenditure of a little more
            midnight oil have given you the accepted
            form? Forgive this captiousness. For the
            rest of the book I have only the most cor
            dial praise.
            E. V. LUCAS, 'The Test', 1938.

            burton: to go for a burton
            to be killed, ruined, completely spoiled

            During the Second World War, the RAF
            used this euphemism to speak of colleagues
            who were killed or missing in
            action. A Burton is thought to be a reference
            to strong beer made in Burton-on-Trent. Some even say that the slogan
            'Gone for a Burton' featured in advertisements
            of the period. Friends were not
            said to have gone to their deaths, they
            had just gone out for a beer.

            Nowadays the phrase has lost its association
            with death. Instead it is commonly
            used to refer to objects which are broken
            beyond mending (vases, lawn-mowers,
            cars) or to hopes, dreams and plans that
            are shattered.

            And in case that didn't knock Eros for
            a Burton, he adds that the lover should
            examine his lady closely, in the light, when
            he will be sure to discover 'crooked nose,
            bad eyes, prominent veins, concavities
            about the eyes, wrinkles, pimples, red
            streams, frechons, hairs, warts, neves,
            inequalities, roughness, scabridity, pale
            ness, yellowness, frowns, gapes, squints'.
            COBUILD CORPUS.

            usage: Just as a hoover, a xerox lose touch
            with the Hoover and Xerox companies
            that introduced them, so a burton is today
            found more often than a Burton.

                evince -p 52 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/en-idiomdict2.pdf &

            bury the hatchet, to
            to restore a relationship after a long quarrel,
            to make up

            When American Indians negotiated the
            cessation of hostilities, each party would
            ceremonially bury a tomahawk to seal the
            pact. In the New England Historical
            Register of 1680 Samuel Sewall writes of
            one such ceremony, this between Indians
            and white men: 'Meeting with the Sachem
            they came to an agreement and buried two
            Axes in the Ground; . . . which ceremony
            to them is more significant and binding
            than all Articles of Peace, the Hatchet
            being a principal weapon.'

            Of course, the tomahawks could always
            be dug up again, and this meant renewed
            aggression.

            1 don't know what you'll think sir —I didn't
            come to inquire  
            But | picked up that agreement and stuffed
            it in the fire;

            And I told her we'd bury the hatchet
            alongside of the cow;

            And we struck an agreement never to have

            another row.
            WILL CARLETON''S Farm Ballads, 1830.

            The chiefs met; the amicable pipe
            was smoked, the hatchet buried, and peace

            formally proclaimed.
            WASHINGTON IRVING, Captain Bonneville's
            Adventures, 1837.

            Yet even to-day despite his appreciation
            and love of England, Chaudhuri is unwilling
            to bury the hatchet. He condemns what
            he regards as ingratiating gush on the part
            of English and Indians alike and recommends
            instead an attitude of 'honourable

            taciturnity'.
            JOHN RAYMOND. England's on the Anvil, “A
            Prophet in Bengal', 1958.

            usage: Very much a cliché today.
            *byandby+ 45

            busman's holiday, a

            spending one's holiday doing the same
            thing one would be doing at work

            At the turn of the century when buses
            were horse-drawn, it was not uncommon
            for a driver to spend his day off riding on
            his own bus to check that the relief driver
            was treating his horses properly. Such
            devotion must surely have played its part
            in confirming the British as a nation of
            animal lovers. The first use in print,
            according to Brandreth, in The Times of
            1921 referred to the expression's proverbial
            nature, suggesting it had been in
            common currency for some while.

            It was the kind of hair, he could see, which
            would always be coming down: too much
            of it, and too heavy. ''Ere,' she said, kicking
            off her shoes, 'aren't you gunner take
            yer duds off? A busman's holiday don't
            last for ever. I sometimes get a client as
            early as the milk.' In her enthusiasm and
            hurry a roselight had begun to pour out of
            the straining camisole. Her natural, moist
            mouth had worked off the cheap veneer;

            the whites of her eyes were rolling.
            COBUILD CORPUS,

            usage: informal
        by and by !!  
            presently, in due course
            This little phrase has been in use for many
            centuries. Originally bi and bi meant 'in
            order, neatly spaced'. Chaucer writes of
            'Two yonge knightes, ligging by and by',
            meaning 'side by side'. Sometimes it
            referred to a succession of separate happenings
            as in this example from Robert
            of Brunne: 'Whan William . . . had taken
            46 - byand large «

                evince -p 53 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/en-idiomdict2.pdf &

            homage of barons bi and bi', meaning
            'one by one'. From here the phrase took
            on its present-day meaning of 'after a
            while' or 'in a little while, eventually'.

            I was a little stumbled and could not tell
            what to do, whether to thank him or no;
            but I by and by did, but not very heartily.
            SAMUEL PEPYS. Diary, 1660.

            You will eat bye and bye

            In that glorious land above the sky;
            Work and pray, live on hay,

            You'll get pie in the sky when you die.
            JOE HILL, The Preacher and the Slave, 1906.

            by and large

            in general, generally speaking, on the
            whole

            A nautical term referring to a sailing ship
            being steered slightly off the direction of
            the wind to reduce the likelihood of its
            being taken aback. By and large is the
            combination of two old sailing terms,
            each with a specific meaning. By means
            'close-hauled', 'to within six points of the
            wind', where the wind is before the beam
            - as in the old phrase full and by. Large
            means 'with the wind on the quarter',
            'abaft the beam', as in the seventeenthcentury
            phrase fo sail large. So, the joining
            of these two technical nautical
            expressions suggests the wind both before
            and behind ('abaft') the beam: a little of
            each, an average of them. There is also
            the implication of taking the rough with
            the smooth. Hence, someone who speaks
            by and large is taking a broad perspective
            on a topic and coming to a general conclusion.

            Taking it by and large, I thought, it's not
            so bad to be fat. One thing about a fat man
            is that he's always popular. There's really
            no kind of company, from bookies to
            bishops, where a fat man doesn't fit in and

            feel at home.
            GEORGE ORWELL, Coming Up for Air, 1939.

            By and large, mothers and housewives are
            the only workers who do not have regular
            time off. They are the great vacationless

            class.
            A.M. LINDBERGH, Gift from the Sea, 'Moon Shell',
            1955.

            Children in the primary years, by and
            large, do not reach the point of being able
            to use and develop concepts at a high level

            of abstraction.
            WYNNE HARLEN, Developing Science in the
            Primary Classroom, 1989.

            But in the vast middle ground - among
            the thousands of business hotels, country
            house hotels, provincial inns and modest
            guesthouses - children remain, by and

            large, an unmentionable problem.
            AA MAGAZINE, Issue 1, 1992.

            cake: to take the cake

            to deserve honour or merit; to be outrageous

            Many authorities believe that the phrase
            has its origins in a late nineteenth-century
            amusement devised by black slaves in
            Southern US plantations in which participating
            couples promenaded about the
            room arm in arm. The pair judged as
            walking and turning most gracefully were
            given a cake as a prize. The admiring cry
            'That takes the cake' meaning 'That wins
            the prize' gave rise not only to the expression
            but also to the name of the entertainment,
            the cakewalk.

            However, Stevenson quotes Aristophanes
            as far back as the fifth century BC,
            who writes in The Knights: 'If you surpass
            him in impudence, we take the cake.' A
            cake, a confection of toasted cereal
            sweetened and bound together with
            honey, was an award given to the most
            vigilant man on a night watch.

                evince -p 54 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/en-idiomdict2.pdf &

            The phrase
            became idiomatic and was then used to
            refer to any prize for any event. Nevertheless,
            it is probable that Mark Twain
            had the cakewalk in mind when he wrote:
            'I judged that the cake was ours.' (A Connecticut
            Yankee in King Arthur's Court,
            1889.)

            You Yankees assuredly take the cake for

            assurance.
            O. HENRY, Helping the Other Fellow, 1908.

            He rose, clapped him on the shoulder, and
            burst out laughing. 'Not so bad for an old
            dog! Upon my word, you take the cake!

            Come out and have a spot of lunch?'
            AGATHA CHRISTIE, Murder in the Mews, 1927.

            usage: The original sense of that takes the
            cake was 'that deserves the prize or the
            special mention'. Today it is often said of
            a clever or amusing remark and is sometimes
            used slightly sarcastically to express
            exasperation, especially when the word
            biscuit is substituted. Colloquial.

            see also: to take the biscuit

            call someone's bluff, to

            to test someone's claims

            In a poker game, when a player makes a
            bet on the cards he holds, he might try to
            bluff or trick the other players into believing
            that his hand is better than it really is.
            If his bluff is called, he is forced to expose
            his cards and show himself true or false.
            -cat»> 47

            O'Connell was resolved, as always, to
            have no bloodshed, and this time Peel
            would not give way before mere agitation

            as in 1828. Peel called O'Connell's bluff.
            G. M. TREVELYAN, British History in the Nineteenth
            Century, 1922.

            Franco's simply a German agent. They
            tried to put him in to prepare air bases to
            bomb France. That bluff has been called,

            anyway.
            EVELYN WAUGH, Brideshead Revisited, 1945.

            cards: to be on the cards
            to be possible, to be likely to happen

            The expression is from the beginning of
            the nineteenth century and refers to the
            practice of fortune telling with Tarot
            cards.

            I don't want to get married yet awhile, but
            it's distinctly on the cards that I might

            marry Christine in a couple of years or so.
            KINGSLEY AMIS, Lucky Jim, 1954.

            Then there is the question of remarriage.
            Given the age of the two protagonists both
            32 - it must be on the cards. Andrew
            would once again have his pick of the aris
            tocracy and foreign royalty.
            DAILY EXPRESS, May 26, 1992.

            cat: no room to swing a cat
            very cramped

            The picture which springs to mind is that
            of a cat being whirled round by its tail.
            One suggested etymology is scarcely less
            horrific. It seems that it was not uncommon
            in the sixteenth century to put a
            cat inside a sack of some sort and then
            string it up as a moving target for archery
            48 -cat
                evince -p 55 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/en-idiomdict2.pdf &

            practice - Shakespeare refers to the practice
            in Much Ado about Nothing. No
            room to swing a cat, therefore, meant that
            there was not enough space available for
            this activity.

            A more common theory is that the 'cat'
            in question was the cat-o'-nine-tails, a
            whip with nine knotted thongs which was
            used as a punishment in the British navy.
            No room to swing a cat refers to the
            cramped conditions on board ship which
            made the lashing difficult to administer
            properly. Funk (1950), however, rejects
            this explanation, since the phrase was in
            use a hundred years before this particular
            punishment.

            He found Joe in the liner in a little cabin
            with three other men where there was not

            room to swing a cat.
            DAVID GARNETT, Beany-Eye, 1935.

            There is the proud possession of a garden,
            however diminutive; if the Little Baron
            cannot swing that inexplicable but proverbial
            cat indoors, he can ply a spade

            without.
            IVOR BROWN, The Heart of England, 1935.

            The cosy little flat didn't have enough
            room to swing a cat, let alone a racquet.
            But for nine years it was a very happy
            home for Virginia, and she will always
            remember it with affection - not least
            because it was here, on I July 1977, that
            she enjoyed her first sips of victory champagne
            after winning Wimbledon at her

            16th attempt.
            HOUSE BEAUTIFUL, July/August 1992.

            usage: colloquial
            cat: to grin like a Cheshire cat

            to smile constantly and foolishly

            The mysterious Cheshire cat makes an
            unforgettable appearance and disappearance
            in Lewis Carroll's Alice's Adventures
            in Wonderland. In the story, the Cheshire
            cat is seen completely but then gradually
            fades away until all that remains is its
            grin. Carroll's book is so well-known that
            it is inevitable that the invention of the
            remarkable animal should be attributed
            to him. However, the Cheshire cat
            existed long before Carroll wrote about
            it and stories about its origin abound.

            Cheshire is famous for its cheeses, and
            some say that long ago the cheeses were
            either made in the shape of a grinning cat,
            or had the head of a cat stamped on them.

            Alternatively the Cheshire cat might
            refer to the unsuccessful efforts of a
            Cheshire sign painter to represent the lion
            rampant on the coat of arms of an influential
            county family. The results looked
            more like a grinning cat than a roaring
            lion and became the subject of much
            hilarity.

            Finally, Ewart tells the story of one of
            Richard III's  gamekeepers named
            Caterling, a burly monster of a man with
            a wide and unpleasant grin. Originally the
            simile was 'to grin like a Cheshire
            Caterling' but, as time went by, economy
            of effort reduced 'caterling' to 'cat'.

            A faint trace of God, half metaphysical
            and half magic, still broods over our
            world, like the smile of a cosmic Cheshire
            Cat. But the growth of psychological
            knowledge will rub even that from the

            universe.
            JULIAN HUXLEY, Man in the Modern World, 1947.

                evince -p 56 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/en-idiomdict2.pdf &

            I was standing beside her, grinning like the
            Cheshire Cat, in a white suit and holding

            my broad-brimmed round straw hat.
            CECIL DAY-LEWIS, The Buried Day, 1960.

            cat: to let the cat out of the bag

            to divulge a secret inadvertently

            Unscrupulous vendors in medieval
            markets would display a sample of their
            wares openly then give the customer a
            bag, already packed, tied and ready to
            take away. If a hare or a pig were shown
            for sale, the bag might contain a cat. The
            wary customer who opened his bag to
            check his purchase would discover the
            deception and Jet the cat out of the bag.
            The secret would be out.
            See a pig in a poke.

            Reading one's own poems aloud is letting
            the cat out of the bag. You may have
            always suspected bits of a poem to be overweighted,
            overviolent, or daft, and then,
            suddenly, with the poet's tongue round

            them, your suspicion is made certain.
            DYLAN THOMAS, Quite Early One Morning, 'On
            Reading One's Own Poems', 1954.

            He was afraid, being a little affected with
            wine, [he] would 'let the cat out of the
            bag'.
            FREDERICK MARRYAT, Mr Midshipman Easy.
            1836.

            Penny Vincenzi's recent article 'Q: What
            Do You Do? A: I'm Just A Housewife'
            was excellent but has she let the cat out of
            the bag? Perhaps we should continue to
            let 'them' think what hell it is to be one's
            own boss; occupy each day according to
            one's mood or the weather; be as lazy or
            as busy as one wishes and not answerable

            to anyone!
            GOOD HOUSEKEEPING, December 1991.

            usage: informal
            «cheek» 49

            cheek by jowl

            in close intimacy; close together

            At the beginning of the fourteenth century
            the idea of being nice and close to
            someone was expressed by 'cheke by
            cheke'. It was not until the second half of
            the sixteenth century that 'cheek by
            iowle' put in an appearance. Jowl means
            'jaw' or 'cheek', so the phrase changed
            only in form, not meaning. The
            expression has had a number of dialectal
            forms over the centuries (Norfolk has jigby-jole
            and Ayrshire cheek for chow) and
            it is likely that the ultimate origin lies in
            one of these regional uses. There is
            another school of thought that prefers a
            French origin, but evidence for it is
            scarce.

            Books have a way of influencing each
            other. Fiction will be much the better for
            standing cheek by jowl with poetry and
            philosophy.

            VIRGINIA WOOLF, A Room of One's Own, 1929.

            In London, neighbourly relations are culturally
            unacceptable. People contrive to
            live cheek by jowl for half a century with
            out acknowledging each other's existence.
            GOOD HOUSEKEEPING, September 1991.

            cheek: to turn the other cheek

            to have an attitude of patience or forgiveness
            when one is wrongly or unkindly
            treated

            This is a phrase from the Bible. In
            Matthew 5:39 Jesus exhorts his followers
            with these words: 'But / say unto you, that
            ye resist not evil: but whosoever shall smite
            thee on thy right cheek, turn to him the
            other also.'
            50 - cheesed off +

                evince -p 57 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/en-idiomdict2.pdf &

            If you throw away your weapons, some
            less scrupulous person will pick them up.
            If you turn the other cheek, you will get a
            harder blow on it than you got on the first

            one.
            GEORGE ORWELL. Shooting an Elephant, 'Lear,
            Tolstoy and the Fool', 1950.

            Drivers are advised to 'turn the other
            cheek' and make allowances for other
            motorists' mistakes or aggression in a new
            version of the Transport Department's

            driving manual.
            DAILY TELEGRAPH, May 20, 1992.

            usage: literary

            cheesed off
            fed up

            Cheesed off is one of a long list of
            expressions with the general sense of 'fed
            up': browned off, brassed off, pissed off,
            ticked off. As for its origin, no one
            knows. There is considerable speculation,
            but nothing substantial.

            Pour on parmesan when you're cheesed

            off with potatoes.
            ADVERTISEMENT for Batchelors Pasta and Sauce,
            Good Housekeeping, September 1991.

            usage: colloquial

            chestnut, an old

            a tired old joke; any overly familiar topic

            Although its origins are in an English
            melodrama, it was an American actor
            who coined its usage. The actor, William
            Warren, found occasion to quote from
            The Broken Sword, a rather mediocre
            play by William Dillon. One of the
            characters has the irritating habit of telling
            and retelling the same stories and
            jokes. He is embarking upon one such
            tale about a cork tree when his companion,
            Pablo, interrupts crying, 'A chestnut.
            | should know as well as you, having
            heard you tell the tale these twenty-seven
            times, and I'm sure it was a chestnut.'
            Warren, who played the part of Pablo
            in the melodrama, was at a dinner one
            evening when a fellow guest started to
            recount a well-worn and rather elderly
            anecdote, whereupon Warren = murmured,
            'A chestnut. I have heard you tell
            the tale these twenty-seven times.' The rest
            of the company was delighted with Warren's
            very appropriate quoting of the play
            and it was not long before news of the
            incident had spread amongst their
            acquaintances and beyond.

            The problem concerns that old chestnut
            the professional foul, and the new guidelines
            issued by FIFA in July that affect
            not only British football but the game the

            world over.
            MID SUSSEX TIMES, September 6, 1991.

            Yet Susannah wriggles with understandable
            discomfort at the very idea that she
            and lain are the latest manifestation of that
            old media chestnut, the perfect theatrical

            couple.
            COSMOPOLITAN, September 1991.

            usage: Although the phrase originally
            referred only to often repeated jokes,
            songs, anecdotes, etc., its use has spread
            to include any topic that is considered
            hackneyed - from nationalisation to the
            royal family's exemption from taxation.
            Can be intensified to a hoary old chestnut.

                evince -p 58 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/en-idiomdict2.pdf &

            chip: a chip off the old block

            a child who is very like its father in
            character or appearance, or both

            The reference here is to a chip hacked
            from a block of wood. The chip is from
            the same wood as the block, as the child
            is of the same stock as the parent. The
            metaphor is age-old: Theocritus in
            270 BC preferred a chip of old flint for
            the same concept, which hints that one
            variant or other of the phrase might go
            back to the Stone Age.

            John Milton used one English form in
            1642: 'How well dost thou appear to be a
            chip of the old block?' Edmund Burke
            commented on the occasion of William
            Pitt the Younger's first speech in Parliament,
            on 26 February 1781, that he was
            'not merely a chip off the old block, but
            the old block itself'. Pitt was just twentyone
            years old. Some three years later he
            was to become Prime Minister.

            The plots of enough modern novels are
            about the agony and the ecstasy of creation.
            The central character is invariably
            a novelist with an angst to grind, or else a
            chip off the old writer's block sitting in the
            Hotel du Lac or a flat next to London

            Fields.
            OBSERVER, August 25, 1991.

            The West End's Eve Club, owned by
            Romanian émigrée Helen O'Brien, has
            fallen victim to the recession and closed its
            doors for the last time. Its heyday was in
            the pre-free love Fifties and early Sixties.
            Errol Flynn dropped by with son, Sean,
            then aged 14. He was, Helen recalls, 'a
            real chip off the old block. He disappeared
            and we found him in dressing room

            Number 2 ogling the girls.'
            DAILY EXPRESS. February 19, 1992.
            -chip+ 51

            usage: Usually used (approvingly) of the
            likeness between father and son, rather
            than mother and daughter. It can be used
            jocularly, and is close to being a cliché.
            Off has generally replaced of, though not
            necessarily in American English, where
            out of may be found.

            chip in, to

            to contribute; to interrupt

            The allusion is to poker, where players
            place their chips (money tokens) in the
            pot, thus contributing to the sum to be
            won. This explains the sense 'to contribute'
            but it is unclear how the further
            meaning 'to interrupt' came about.

            The crew chipped in and bought him a

            . . chair.

            SYRACUSE POST-STANDARD, September 29,
            1949,

            Her school friends would chip in with their

            pocket money so Samantha could eat.
            TODAY, September 14, 1991.

            chip: to have a chip on one's
            shoulder

            to display anger or resentment because of
            feelings of inferiority or grievance

            The phrase is of American origin. A
            youth who was spoiling for a fight would
            put a chip of wood upon his shoulder daring
            someone to accept the challenge and
            knock it off. G. Gorer explains in The
            Americans:

            Boys in the country and small towns who
            are validating their manhood sometimes
            walk around with a literal chip of wood
            balanced on their shoulder, the sign of a
            52 + chips +

                evince -p 59 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/en-idiomdict2.pdf &

            readiness to fight anyone who will take the
            initiative of knocking the chip off.

            Competition can take many forms - athletics
            is one. The British team captain,
            Linford Christie, had this to say about the
            4x400m relay squad:

            'They are not my sort of guys... 1
            don't like their attitude.'

            One of the relay quartet, Derek Redmond,
            responded: 'There's a_ saying
            among the athletes that Linford is the most
            balanced runner in Britain because he's
            got a chip on both shoulders. You can
            understand why with comments like that.'
            (Daily Telegraph, May 18, 1992)

            Macho men obviously compete on and
            off the track.

            The earlier physical applications of the
            phrase have now largely given way to
            those of grievance, aggression, etc.,
            which probably stem from a deep-seated,
            imagined inferiority.

            In spite of these transpositions, the general
            pattern of the experience was preserved,
            because only that experience was fertile to
            the author's mind. Where would Mr
            Goodrich be without his chip on the shoulder,
            his grievance against women? It was
            that that made him tick, to use a vul
            garism.
            L. P. HARTLEY, A Perfect Woman, 1955.

            These men and women, although some of
            them no doubt had chips on their shoulders
            or personal axes to grind, had also an
            admirable devotion to a Cause they could
            get nothing from in the foreseeable future
            except victimisation.

            CECIL DAY-LEWIS, The Buried Day, 1960.
            Titmuss is contemptuous, hooded-eyed,
            vindictive; he staggers visibly under the

            weight of a giant chip on the shoulder.
            THE TIMES, September 4, 1991.
            They are an uneasy listening band who
            come across with chips on their shoulders.
            No one likes us and we don't care. Their
            problem is that they are still groping for a

            personality.
            DAILY MAIL, November 5, 1991.

            chips: the chips are down

            the situation has reached crisis point; the
            moment of truth, of trial, of testing has
            come

            In gambling, the chips are down when all
            the bets have been placed but the outcome
            of the game is not yet known. It is
            the moment of high tension, when much
            could be gained - or lost.

            When the chips are down, a man shows
            what he really is.

            MARTIN KANE, Private Eye (NYC radio programme,
            September 4, 1949).

            When the chips are down, if anybody criti
            cises either of them, they cling together.
            BBC Radio 4, October 2, 1991.

            usage: colloquial

            chips: to have had one's chips

            to be close to failure or defeat; to have
            had one's last chance

            Chips are the coloured tokens which represent
            money on the gaming tables. A
            player who has placed and lost all his
            chips has therefore lost all his money.

            usage: colloquial
            53

                evince -p 60 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/en-idiomdict2.pdf &

            Splitting one's sides

            Did you hear the story about the dog that went to the local fiea market and stole
            the show? Or perhaps you heard of the young man who stayed up all night, trying
            to work out where the sun went when it went down. It finally dawned on him.

            Comedians are very grateful for one characteristic of idioms, for they get a lot
            of laughs from its operation. Just about all idioms have a quite straightforward,
            literal meaning and an idiomatic meaning.

            Part of the art of the comedian lies in leading you to expect one interpretation
            and then suddenly forcing you to switch over to the other. For instance, we hear
            of the dog going down to the local open-air flea market. A little unusual, perhaps,
            but quite possible in the context of a comedian's 'patter'. But the addition of stole
            the show completely changes things. Here we have to decide whether the dog stole
            the show, that is, 'captured the limelight, became the centre of attention' (the
            idiomatic sense), or whether the whole sentence now becomes literal. The dog
            went to a market where fleas were on display and stole that display, stole the show
            of them.

            Similarly with the second story. Is the meaning 'the sun finally came up at dawn'
            or is it 'the solution finally came to him'? Again, the humour comes from the
            ambiguity of interpretation that the listener is faced with.

            If those were two terrible plays on words, there are others that are even worse:

            'I've got my husband to the point where he eats out of my hand, it saves such a
            lot of washing up.'

            'Waiter, bring me something to eat, I could eat a horse.'
            'You couldn't have come to a better place, sir.'

            'What goes '“'Ha Ha Bonk''?'
            'A man laughing his head off.'

            'What lies on the sea bed and twitches?'
            'A nervous wreck.'

            On the same principle, the poet gets his effects by playing on the tension between
            the literal and idiomatic in humorous verse, as in this limerick:

            There was a young lad of Montrose
            who had pockets in none of his clothes.
            When asked by his lass

            where he carried his brass,

            he replied, 'I just pay through the nose.'

            “eeeeeveeereeevreeeeeeeeeeeeeee ee ee © ee ee ee 7 7 ee

            oeeege#+vrfetkekfFerteewerteeeeee#*e#e#e#e#eee © # # # @& # © # © #& © © © © © @ © @ @

                evince -p 61 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/en-idiomdict2.pdf &

            54 + choc-a-bloc +

            choc-a-bloc

            crowded, crammed full

            A nautical term used when the two blocks
            of a tackle are hard together so that they
            cannot be tightened any more.

            [The kennel] started from scratch 14 years
            ago. Mr Quibell said: 'I am nearly always
            choc-a-bloc. | am licensed for 23 dogs and

            16 cats.'
            MID SUSSEX TIMES. August 16, 1991.

            usage: Informal. There are varying spellings:
            chock a_ block, chockablock.
            Hyphenation is also variable. A colloquial
            shortening in speech is chocker,
            e.g. 'It's absolutely chocker in there.'

            cleaners: to be taken to the
            cleaners

            to lose all one's money, to be ruined

            In the last century people were 'cleaned
            out' when they were stripped clean of
            everything of value, either through gambling
            or as victims of dishonest practice.
            This use is still current. To be taken to
            the cleaners is a more recent term which
            expresses exactly the same thing.

            Prices that won't take you to the
            Cleaners. Advertisement from Superdrug

            for various domestic cleaners.
            DAILY MAIL, October 2, 1991.

            I was taken to the Cleaners, sobs Royal
            Designer. 'She took me to the cleaners,'
            Miss Cierach said. 'I trusted her with
            everything as a friend, business associate
            and employee . . . Can't you see what she
            has done? She has stolen goods, a car,
            cheques, enormous sums of money.

            What's the point of going on?'
            DAILY MAIL, October 2. 1991.

            usage: To take someone to the cleaners is
            found, but the passive form is equally
            common.

            cleft stick, in a

            in a predicament, unable to decide which
            way to go

            This expression has been current since the
            turn of the century. It probably alludes to
            the trapping of snakes and the like by
            pinning them down behind the head with
            a forked stick.

            If you are only a voter you are caught in
            the same cleft stick. It may be plain to you
            that the candidate of your Party is a political
            imbecile, a pompous snob, a vulgar
            ranter, a conceited self-seeker, or anything
            else that you dislike, and his opponent an

            honest, intelligent, public-spirited person.
            G. B. SHAW, The Intelligent Woman's Guide to
            Socialism, 1928.

            The war party looked to the King rather
            than Clarendon, and believed that they
            had the Chancellor in a cleft stick. If the
            war went well, they, as the instigators,
            would take the credit for it. If it went badly
            they would put all the blame on

            Clarendon.
            R. LOCKYER, Tudor and Stuart Britain, 1964.

            Pensioners . . . are complaining the switch
            has left them without an easy way to reach
            a general store - and they cannot afford to
            pay bus fares to the new superstore. Mrs
            Gooding, 73, said: 'We are a very vulnerable
            section of the community and they

            have got us in a cleft stick.'
            MID SUSSEX TIMES, September 27, 1991.

                evince -p 62 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/en-idiomdict2.pdf &

            close your eyes and think of
            England

            Advice to succumb to unwanted sexual
            intercourse; to put up with any
            unpleasant action

            Partridge's Dictionary of Catch Phrases
            ascribes the phrase to the 1912 Journal of
            Lady Hillingdon:

            1 am happy now that Charles calls on my
            bedchamber less frequently than of old.
            As it is, | now endure but two calls a week
            and when I hear his steps outside my door
            I lie down on my bed, close my eyes, open
            my legs and think of England.

            The original use concerns sexual intercourse
            but it is widely used humorously
            as advice to someone faced with any
            unpleasant task.

            Now the bad news: immigration will not
            divulge the names of the schools. So when
            it comes to choosing your school it's a case
            of shut your eyes and think of England.
            EFL GAZETTE, 1991.

            Adding insult to injury, Gold Spot, the
            breath freshener who commissioned the
            most kissable lips survey, point out that
            although as the song has it 'a kiss is just a
            kiss' there's much more to it than puckering
            up and thinking of England.

            MID SUSSEX TIMES. September 13, 1991.

            It is bizarre to call a television programme
            Think of England, for that phrase is
            invariably preceded by the words 'Close
            your eyes and . . .' which really won't do
            for so visual a medium. And in any case,
            it denotes having to engage in something

            unpleasant.
            DAILY MAIL, October 16, 1991.

            usage: Colloquial, often jocular. A
            common variant is to think of the Empire;
            another is to lie back and think of
            England.
            - clothesline» 55

            clothes line: I could sleep on a
            clothes line

            I am so tired I could fall asleep anywhere

            This phrase has its roots in the poverty
            of the nineteenth century amongst those
            who slept rough. For just two pence each,
            poor people could buy a night's lodging
            on the two-penny rope. This was a bench
            where these unfortunates would sleep sitting
            up, their bodies slumped over a
            clothes line stretched taut before them.
            The morning brought a rough awakening,
            for the landlord would often cut the rope
            to wake his impoverished guests before
            sending them on their way.

            Occasionally, if we stop to think, we
            are aware of the story behind an
            idiom. The Bible tells us how Pontius
            Pilate gave way before the pressure of
            the mob and handed Christ over to be
            crucified: He took some water, washed
            his hands in front of the crowd, and
            said, 'I am not responsible for the
            death of this man, this is your doing.'
            (Matthew 27:24).

            The same sense of refusing to
            accept any sense of responsibility, of
            withdrawing from a situation, occurs
            commonly today, as in this extract
            from Angus Wilson: 'If, of course, you
            are going to regard every suggestion I
            make as a criticism,' he said, 'then I
            wash my hands of the whole matter.'

            See The Bible and Shakespeare
            (page 180) for more expressions from
            these prolific sources.

            oeeeeee eeeeeeeeee

            eet ef © © © & @
            56 + cloud cuckoo land 
                evince -p 63 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/en-idiomdict2.pdf &

            cloud cuckoo land, in

            divorced from the reality of ordinary life

            This evocative phrase is a translation of
            the Greek Nephelococcygia from the
            comedy The Birds by Aristophanes (fifth
            century BC). Nephelococcygia is an
            imaginary city which the birds built in the
            air.

            Anyone who believes the US produces
            fewer talented scientists, engineers,
            accountants, novelists or academics than

            we do is living in cloud-cuckoo-land.
            OBSERVER, August 25, 1991.

            Last night Mr Peter Dawson, secretary of
            the no-strike Professional Association of
            Teachers said: 'If they think they'll get a
            pay rise of that order they are living in

            cloud cuckoo land.'
            DAILY MAIL. October 16, 1991.

            If Mr Benyon were to look at the methods
            Chatset used to arrive at their forecast for
            the particular points just mentioned, he
            might understand why I took issue with
            them ... it is abundantly clear that Mr
            Benyon has joined Chatset in 'cloud

            cuckoo Land'!
            THE TIMES, June 15, 1992.

            usage: A hyphenated version is common:
            cloud-cuckoo-land. Informz'.

            see also: an ivory tower

            cloud nine, on
            supremely happy

            Two possibilities present themselves for
            this phrase. In the USA on cloud seven is
            sometimes still heard. This, according to
            some, was the original expression and it
            referred to the seventh heaven, the dwelling
            place of Almighty God (see in the
            seventh heaven). It is unclear why the
            number nine should have been substituted.
            Supporters of this theory say that
            it is because of the ancient significance
            given to the number three - nine being
            the square of that number. .This overlooks,
            however, the prominence given to
            the number seven in the Mohammedan
            and Jewish cultures, an importance
            reflected in the seventh heaven.

            A less spiritual and more scientific
            explanation is also offered. It seems that
            meteorologists hold that the thickest
            clouds are up to eight miles high. Being
            on cloud nine then is to go one better and
            find oneself in ecstasy. This leaves us with
            the uncomfortable question as to why
            some US citizens should be content with
            cloud seven.

            Dawn French is a marshmallow of emotion
            - a mum in love. Dawn, 34, and husband
            Lenny Henry, 33, have been on
            cloud nine since Billie arrived last Sep
            tember.
            TODAY, May 6, 1992.

            Hawaiian actress Tia Carrere is on cloud
            nine. Her first major role, in the US smash
            hit comedy Wayne's World, has catapulted
            her into the spotlight and she is
            about to appear with Sean Connery in Rising
            Sun. Her career is going so well the

            25-year-old has even had to postpone her
            marriage to property developer Elie Sam
            aha until October.
            DAILY EXPRESS, May 23, 1992.

            usage: informal

            clue: not to have a clue

            to have no idea, to lack inspiration; to be
            perplexed

                evince -p 64 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/en-idiomdict2.pdf &

            For this phrase we need to look to the
            ancient Greek story of Theseus and the
            Minotaur. The Minotaur was a terrible
            beast, half-man and half-bull, which lived
            in a huge and complicated Labyrinth on
            the island of Crete. The king wished to
            be rid of the monster but no champion
            ever came out of the Labyrinth alive.
            They were either killed by the Minotaur
            or lost in the maze of corridors. Theseus
            determined to slay the Minotaur. When
            he entered the maze he took with him a
            ball of thread which he unwound and let
            out as he groped his way down the dark
            corridors. After a mighty  struggie,
            Theseus killed the monster and was able
            to find his way safely out of the Labyrinth
            by rewinding the ball of thread.

            Originally, clue, or clew, meant 'ball of
            yarn' but, as the story of the Minotaur
            gained popularity, the word took on a
            new meaning, that of a means to solving
            a puzzle.

            'I want to look my best, but I haven't a
            clue where to start. Should I wear make-up
            or go without? Should I wear my hair up
            or down? I really could do with some
            help.'

            WOMAN'S OWN, September 16, 1991.

            But if the dish is to be made commercially
            for Marks & Spencer, it will be his task as
            technologist to find the fish. The red mullet
            has not been sourced before - 'I haven't a
            clue where we would get it' - and as for
            the lobster tails, well. . . you can get them
            frozen from Canada, but now is not the

            Season.
            GOOD HOUSEKEEPING, December 1991.

            usage: informal
            * cock-a-hoop+ 57

            cock a snook at someone, to

            to show defiance, contempt or opposition

            The phrase describes snooks, the disdainful
            gesture of putting the end of the
            thumb of one hand on the tip of the nose
            and spreading out the fingers. Although
            this sign of contempt only came about
            during the last century its origins are
            unknown. Today the expression can be
            applied to any show of contempt and
            need not be accompanied by the gesture.

            Suzannah Jackson broke down in tears
            when she was convicted of stealing £25,000
            worth of designer clothes and cheques
            from her former boss. But Jackson still
            managed to cock a snook at her old
            employer by wearing a suit designed by
            Miss Cierach, who created the Duchess of

            York's wedding dress.
            DAILY EXPRESS, October 8, 1991.

            My more considered verdict is that he is
            demonstrating, by a gesture of heroic dottiness,
            his unquenchable confidence in the
            future. By similar token, it could be
            argued that he is cocking a snook at the

            industry's Cassandras.
            SUNDAY TELEGRAPH, May 17, 1992.

            cock-a-hoop, to be
            to be delighted, jubilant

            During medieval drinking bouts the ale
            literally flowed freely. The spigot, or
            cock, would be removed from the barrel
            and placed upon the hoop at the top,
            leaving the contents to run down in an
            unregulated stream whilst the assembled
            company made merry. This is certainly
            how Sir Thomas Moore and his contemporaries
            seem to have used the phrase:
            58 + codswallop 
                evince -p 65 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/en-idiomdict2.pdf &

            'They . . . sette cocke a hoope, and fyll
            in all the cups at ones.' (A Dialogue of
            Comforte Against Tribulation, 1529.) It is
            easy to see how the meaning might have
            moved from alcoholic merriment to
            rowdy elation of any kind.

            An alternative but much less favoured
            suggestion is that hoop is a corruption of
            the French houppe or huppe meaning
            'crest of feathers', the allusion being to a
            strutting game-cock.

            You'll make a mutiny among my guests?
            You will set cock-a-hoop.

            WILLIAM SHAKESPEARE, Romeo and Juliet,
            1594.

            Your eyes, lips, breasts are so provoking
            They set my heart more cock-a-hoop

            Than could whole seas of cray-fish soupe.
            JOHN GAY, Poems, 1720.

            Harland & Wolff, the Belfast shipyard,
            was rightly cock-a-hoop about landing a
            £230 million order for six new bulk carriers
            which, given the state of British shipbuilding,
            suggests that the yard's sales staff
            probably walk on water in their spare
            time.

            THE TIMES, August 31, 1991.

            Corky the cockerel was cock-a-hoop last
            night after a court ruled he should not be

            silenced.
            TODAY, May 12, 1992.

            codswallop: a load of codswallop

            a lot of nonsense, something of no value,
            rubbish

            Codswallop is an interesting blend of
            'Codd' and 'wallop', 'Codd' being the
            name of a Victorian businessman, Hiram
            C. Codd, and 'wallop' a nineteenthcentury
            slang term for beer. In 1872 Mr
            Codd went into business selling lemonade
            in green glass bottles with marble stoppers.
            The brew was humorously referred
            to as Codd's wallop. Just how good the
            lemonade really was can only be guessed
            at from the derisory tone of the term.

            Codswallop may be making a comeback,
            however, and this time as 'the ultimate
            designer water'. The Daily Mail
            (October 16, 1991) carried an article
            about the Yawl Spring, a source once
            enjoyed by the Romans and monks of
            Glastonbury Abbey. The spring was
            reopened by local businessmen who
            found the sales gimmick they were looking
            for literally under their feet:

            When the Victorian bottling plant closed,
            its stock of Codd bottles was buried on
            the slopes of Knoll Hill, Uplime. Director
            Chris Hallett said: 'We were playing
            marbles with the stoppers when we realised
            that we'd found a container that made
            Coke, Perrier, and Grolsch bottles look
            boring'.

            The original plant and moulds were
            tracked down to India. And now Bate's
            Mineral Water, the new Codswallop, is
            sold in top people's stores and restaurants.

            The phrase can now be applied to anything
            at all of no value, not simply a
            drink.

            The world's most beautiful and most talented
            people we are told are walking bean
            poles. Luciano proves this to be a load of
            codswallop and he doesn't have to sing in

            the rain in order to prove it.
            MID SUSSEX TIMES, August 16, 1991.

            The Astronomer Royal, Professor Arnold
            Wolfendale of Durham University, struck
            a cautionary note. 'It's either the discovery
            of the decade or pure codswallop,' he said.
            'We really do need confirmation before

            people get too excited.'
            THE TIMES, April 24, 1992.
            usage: Colloquial. The phrase can be expanded
            or abbreviated in a variety of
            ways: a load of old codswallop, a load of
            codge.

            see also: mumbo jumbo, to talk gibberish

                evince -p 66 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/en-idiomdict2.pdf &

            cold feet, to get

            to feel anxious and uncertain about an
            undertaking, to the point of wanting to
            withdraw

            According to an old Lombard proverb
            known in England in the seventeenth century
            through Ben Jonson's play Volpone
            (1605), to have cold feet signifies 'to be
            without means or resources', a reference,
            perhaps, to the fact that the destitute cannot
            afford shoes. If this is the root of our
            modern idiom, it is not evident how the
            expression came to mean 'nervous and
            uncertain', although it has been proposed
            that a novel by Fritz Reuter (1862), in
            which a card-player pleads 'cold feet' as
            his excuse for backing out of a game,
            might have influenced this shift in
            meaning.

            Instead of 'getting cold feet', as the phrase
            for discouragement ran, and turning back,
            they determined to cover as many as poss
            ible of the seventeen hundred miles.
            ELIZABETH ROBINS, The Magnetic North, 1904.

            Swollen head, weak nerves, cold feet.
            H. C. BAILEY, Mr Fortune Finds a Pig, 1943.

            'We always planned to have four children
            . . . wouldn't mind having one more, but
            Robert isn't keen. Probably if he said 'Go

            ahead'', I'd get cold feet.'
            GOOD HOUSEKEEPING. July 1992.

            usage: informal
            ¢ cold shoulders 59

            cold shoulder: to give someone
            the cold shoulder

            to behave in an unfriendly way towards
            someone, to snub someone; to be unenthusiastic
            about an idea

            In medieval times the welcome guest to
            the family home would naturally be
            treated to a warm reception and a lavish
            meal. On the other hand, the unwanted
            visitor who was just passing by or the
            guest who had stayed rather too long
            would be served from a cold shoulder of
            mutton, probably the leftovers from
            dinner the night before.

            The performance has placed Yeltsin at the
            pinnacle of popularity at home and won
            him admiration in the West, where he has
            until recently been cold-shouldered, even
            insulted, as a dangerous populist and

            troublemaker . .
            OBSERVER, August 25, 1991.

            I recently purchased a very expensive cataccessory,
            which has somehow failed to
            elicit huzzahs of appreciation. In fact, it
            has been completely cold-shouldered.
            Called a 'cat's cradle', it is a special fleecycovered
            cat-hammock which hooks on to
            a radiator. The cat is suspended in a

            cocoon of warmth.
            THE TIMES, January 1992.

            The City of Coventry finds itself in a delicate
            position as the result of the war in
            Yugoslavia: it is twinned with both Sarajevo,
            capital of Bosnia, and Belgrade, the
            Serbian capital. David Edwards, the outgoing
            Lord Mayor, has been trying,
            unsuccessfully, to fax a message of sympathy
            to his opposite number in Sarajevo
            ... But Coventry is giving Belgrade the
            cold-shoulder. A council spokesman says:
            'It's just that Sarajevo is the city that's suf
            fering.'
            DAILY TELEGRAPH, May 29, 1992.
            60 + cold turkey +

            usage: The derivative to cold-shoulder is
            growing in frequency.

                evince -p 67 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/en-idiomdict2.pdf &

            cold turkey, to go

            to come off (hard) drugs abruptly, rather
            than gradually and more easily

            Although drug-world terminology
            changes quickly, this particular phrase
            goes back at least to the early 1930s. Partridge
            gives several quotations from the
            periood in his Dictionary of the Underworld.
            It caught on more widely in the
            1960s with the spread of drug-taking.

            The best explanation for the use of cold
            turkey in this context is that it was a plain
            dish, served without frills or ceremony.
            By analogy, the withdrawal method was
            the most basic and straightforward.

            Cold turkey - instantaneous withdrawal  is
            the method usually used in jails to take
            a boy off narcotics. We used it partly
            because we had no choice; we could not
            administer the withdrawal drugs they use
            in hospitals. But we prefer cold turkey on
            its own merits, too. The withdrawal is considerably
            faster; three days as against three
            weeks. The pain is more intense, but it is

            over sooner.
            DAVID WILKERSON, The Cross and _ the
            Switchblade, 1963.

            usage: Applied metaphorically to any
            situation that involves painful withdrawal

            by an act of will. Colloquial.

            see also: to sign the pledge
            cold water: to pour/throw cold
            water on something

            to discourage, to quench enthusiasm for
            something

            Plautus used the expression in 200 BC in
            the sense of 'to slander', but it is only
            since the beginning of the nineteenth century
            that it has been current and with the
            changed sense of 'to discourage'. The
            origin of the term is unknown, but it
            brings to mind the dousing of brawling
            cats, mating dogs or even ardent suitors
            in cold water, thus bringing their intentions
            to an abrupt end.

            As he walked across the room to the veranda,
            to escape her angry accusing face, it
            seemed to her that it was not a tall, spare,
            stooping man whom she saw, only; but
            also a swaggering little boy, trying to keep
            his end up after cold water had been

            poured over his enthusiasm.
            DORIS LESSING, The Grass is Singing. 1950.

            Officially, Dr Owen has dismissed such
            talk as speculation, but I understand the
            main person likely to pour cold water on
            his application would be current Foreign

            Secretary Douglas Hurd.
            DAILY MAIL, October 11, 1991.

            Conspiracy theories abounded . . . However
            appealing, none of these scenarios
            bear much resemblance to the truth. The
            Daily Mail had its story ready to run last
            Monday, but held it over, not only because
            Nigel Dempster, the paper's diarist, continued
            to pour cold water on it, but
            because John Smith's Labour budget had

            to be savaged in the Tory cause.
            THE SUNDAY TIMES, March 22. 1992.

                evince -p 68 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/en-idiomdict2.pdf &

            colours: to nail one's colours to
            the mast

            to be resolute, unwavering in one's
            opinions or principles; to declare one's
            allegiance publicly

            Battleships always fly their colours, that
            is, their national ensign. If the flag were
            taken down, it was a sign of surrender. A
            flag literally nailed to the mast, however,
            showed the determination of the crew to
            fight on, come what may. Today the
            phrase is used to show a person's determination
            to stand by his opinion or principles,
            a stand which is not always easy to
            maintain, as Sir Robert Peel showed:

            I never heard him [Ashburton] make a
            speech in the course of which he did not
            nail, unnail, renail and unnail again his
            colours. (Croker Papers, 1844)

            She could not conceive in what ignominy
            the dreadful affairs would end, but she was
            the kind of woman that nails her colours

            to the mast.
            ARNOLD BENNETT, The Matador of the Five
            Towns, 'Hot Potatoes', 1912.

            In that famous Romanes Lecture, 'Evolution
            and Ethics', which contained his
            greatest single contribution to moral and
            religious thought, he nailed his colours to

            the mast.
            JULIAN HUXLEY, Essays in Popular Science, 'Huxley
            and Religion', 1926.

            colours: to sail under false colours
            to be hypocritical, dishonest

            In this expression, as in to nail one's
            colours to the mast, 'colours' are a ship's
            national flag which every vessel is obliged
            by law to fly. In the days when piracy was
            -colours+ 61

            rife on the high seas it was a common
            deception of pirates, on sighting a likely
            treasure ship, to hoist the ensign of a
            friendly nation. In this way, sailing under
            false colours, the pirate vessel was able to
            approach its target without exciting suspicion,
            and then attack.

            After his first visit to the bank over which
            Addison presided, and an informal dinner
            at the latter's home, Cowperwood had
            decided that he did not care to sit under
            any false colors so far as Addison was con
            cerned.
            THEODORE DREISER, The Titan, 1914.

            Mr Stanley Baldwin simply had to be
            called Stanley Baldwin. Mr Ramsay MacDonald
            with any other name but Ramsay
            MacDonald would be sailing under false

            colours.
            R. LYND, In Defence of Pink, 'Christian Names'.
            1939.

            usage: Rather dated and not as common
            as a synonym a wolf in sheep's clothing.

            colours:
        to show oneself in one's true colours
            to make one's true opinion known, to
            show one's real self

            Getting close to its prey by sailing under
            false colours, the pirate ship would at the
            last moment unfurl its own flag, the skull
            and crossbones, revealing its true identity
            and nefarious designs. This at least is the
            stereotype nurtured in endless Hollywood
            swashbuckling adventure epics,
            starring romantic heroes like Errol Flynn.
            The phrase itself long pre-dates its popularity
            in the first half of this century - it
            is found in the eighteenth century and in
            Dickens' Old Curiosity Shop.
            62 + couch potato +

                evince -p 69 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/en-idiomdict2.pdf &

            He showed me New York in its true
            colours. He showed me the vanity and
            wickedness of sitting in gilded haunts of
            vice, eating lobster when decent people

            should be in bed.
            P. G. WODEHOUSE, Carry On, Jeeves, 1925.

            Most Brazilians may sport Copacabanastyle
            suntans, but underneath it all they
            want to be white . . . As Brazil begins its
            first demographic census in over a decade,
            an apparently straightforward question
            seems to be fraught with difficulty for some
            of the country's estimated 153 million
            inhabitants. It is: Describe yourself
            in terms of race or colour. Are you black,
            white, or of mixed, Asiatic or indigenous
            blood? The question is part of a campaign
            to persuade Brazilians to reveal them
            selves in their true colours.
            OBSERVER, September 15, 1991.

            usage: Too dramatic and romantic for
            common use today.

            see also: sail under false colours

            couch potato, a

            someone living life with minimum effort;
            an inactive TV addict

            A recent American idiom that has rapidly
            caught on in the UK. This is probably
            because of the colourful metaphor of the
            stereotypical TV addict who leads a vegetable-like
            existence in front of the 'box',
            sitting on his couch. As for the choice
            of potato as the vegetable, one can only
            hazard the guess that it has a reputation
            of a dull, inert and shapeless mass - just
            like the obese TV watcher.

            New uses are proliferating - Competitor's
            Companion has a section called
            'Couch Potato Comping'. This involves a
            list of competitions where the absolute
            minimum of effort is required to enter.

            Television can be blamed for many things
            but not, apparently, for making you fat.
            Scientists in Britain are sceptical of a
            suggestion from an American psychologist
            that couch potatoes are the shape they are
            because television slows their metabolic
            rate, rather than as a result of the quantities
            of food they eat and their lack of

            exercise.
            THE TIMES, April 24, 1992.

            usage: Used disapprovingly.

            Coventry: to send someone to
            Coventry

            to ignore someone totally, to refuse to
            speak to someone

            There are several suggestions as to why
            this Midland town lends its name to the
            idiom.

            The first claims that during the English
            Civil War (1642-1649) supporters of
            Parliament in Birmingham rose against
            small groups of their fellow citizens who
            were known to have pledged allegiance
            to the Crown. Some they killed, others
            were sent as prisoners to neighbouring
            Coventry, a town which was staunchly
            pro-Parliamentarian. This story comes
            from a passage in Clarendon's True Historical
            Narrative of the Rebellion and Civil
            Wars in England. Whether the facts can
            be relied upon or whether they are
            coloured by the author's own royalist persuasion,
            the description of the events
            includes the words 'and sent them to Coventry'.
            The literal sense has since become
            a figurative expression of ostracism.
            oe eet eseseeeeeeeseeeeeeeee

                evince -p 70 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/en-idiomdict2.pdf &

            A transatlantic duo

            In my office I have a little device for hea
            coffee whenever I feel like it. It's not ve
            bands round it to hold it together. It's ve:
            . That expression comes from William He
            half of this century in drawing cartoons |

            Across the Atlantic the same sort of far
            gadget, is known as a Rube Goldberg, al
            He, too, worked in the first half of the t

            A second theory is that the townspeople
            of Coventry so disliked having soldiers
            garrisoned in their town that if a
            woman was caught speaking to one she
            would instantly be shunned by her neighbours.
            The soldiers, of course, had no
            desire to be sent to Coventry where social
            contact was so difficult. No one knows at
            what period this aversion to soldiers is
            supposed to have arisen but the phrase
            was well known by 1777. It has been suggested
            that this also happened during the
            turbulent period of the Civil War.

            Collins (1958) suggests that the term
            might be linked to the 'covin-tree', an oak
            which supposedly stood in front of a
            former castle in Coventry in feudal times
            and was used as a gallows. Those to be
            executed were sent to the covin-tree. The
            town's name, Coventry, may derive from
            'covin-tree'.

            In fact that solemn assembly a levy of the
            school had been held, at which the captain
            of the school had got up and given out that
            any boy, in whatever form, who should
            thenceforth appeal to a master, without
            having first gone to some propositor and
            laid the case before him, should be

            thrashed publicly, and sent to Coventry.
            THOMAS HUGHES, Tom Brown's Schooldays, 1856,
            + crocodile tears» 63

            ting water in a cup so I can have a cup of
            ry solid, so I have got a couple of elastic
            'y much of a Heath Robinson contraption.
            ath Robinson, who specialised in the first
            of elaborate and ingenious machines.
            tastic invention, a needlessly complicated
            ter the Pulitzer prize-winning cartoonist.
            wentieth century.

            The smaller fry among the courtiers were
            in a fury at Voltaire's appointment as
            gentleman-in-ordinary, a post hitherto
            reserved for the nobility. His new colleagues
            decided that when he came to dine
            with them they would send him to

            Coventry.
            NANCY MITFORD, Voltaire in Love, 1957.

            crocodile tears

            a show of hypocritical sorrow; insincere
            tears

            According to ancient belief the cunning
            crocodile arouses the curiosity of its
            unsuspecting victims with pitiful sighs and
            groans. Once its prey is within reach of
            its powerful jaws, the crocodile snaps it
            up and devours it, shedding insincere
            tears of sorrow all the while. Pliny and
            Seneca both give rather fanciful accounts
            of the crocodile's wiles and crocodile's
            tears is used figuratively to refer to a show
            of false emotion in both Greek and Latin.
            It is not surprising that, before travel and
            exploration became commonplace,
            people were prepared to accept the
            ancient belief. In 1356 Sir John Maundeville
            wrote his Voiage and Travaile. This
            64 + cross one's fingers +

                evince -p 71 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/en-idiomdict2.pdf &

            account of things strange and fantastic
            mentions 'in a certain countree . . . cokadrilles'
            , adding, ' Theise Serpentes slen men,
            and thei eten hem wepynge.' Two centuries
            later, in 1565, Sir John Hawkins
            wrote of a voyage he had undertaken and
            repeated the information. Small wonder
            then that Shakespeare and his audiences
            were well aware of the creature's supposed
            deceit:

            Gloster's show
            Beguiles him as the mournful crocodile
            With sorrow snares relenting passengers.
            (Henry VI Part Il, 1590)

            Not until the seventeenth century did
            belief in crocodile's tears wane and the
            phrase become purely idiomatic.

            And George did chief mourner. I suppose
            he blubbered freely; he always could blubber
            freely when a lad. I remember how he
            used to take folks in as a lad, and then
            laugh at them; that's why they called him

            'Crocodile' at school.
            H. RIDER HAGGARD, c1900.

            I'm told that tattoos can be removed, but
            it's an even more painful process. Remain
            undecorated - whether your boyfriend

            cries crocodile tears or not!
            TV QUICK, September 28, 1991.

            cross one's fingers, to

            to be hoping for luck or a happy outcome

            Crossing one's fingers is a quick and easy
            way of making the sign of the cross to
            shield oneself from diabolic power. It is
            also easy to keep them crossed, thus
            ensuring lasting protection from the
            devil's tricks.

            Funk (1950) says that the expression is
            certainly American, probably originating
            among the black slave population.
            Fingers are crossed for the South of England
            Traditional Youth Marching Band
            Contest . . . but it's the fifth time the 2nd
            Burgess Hill Boys and Girls Brigade have
            organised the event and they've got it off
            pat.

            MID SUSSEX TIMES, September 6, 1991.

            When I got back a colleague informed me
            that a large proportion of our Cabinet was
            on holiday in France. Keep your fingers

            crossed. They might learn something.
            MID SUSSEX TIMES, August 9, 1991.

            Tony plans to plant another 1,000 vines in
            the spring - and will keep his fingers

            crossed there are no late frosts.
            DAILY MAIL, October 11, 1991.

            usage: The phrase is still often accompanied
            by the physical sign of crossed
            fingers. The expression is very flexible
            and can be used in a variety of forms.

            crow: as the crow flies

            the shortest distance between two places,
            the measure of the straight distance
            between two points

            See to make a bee line for.

            I think the pots are rather attractive .. .
            The one I dug up is in Somerset. I don't
            like to separate it from the house which
            is, as the crow flies, about 15 miles from

            Bridport.
            TELEGRAPH MAGAZINE. April 25, 1992.

            usage: informal

            cry wolf, to

            to (habitually) sound a false alarm

                evince -p 72 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/en-idiomdict2.pdf &

            One of Aesop's fables tells of a shepherd
            boy who kept himself amused by crying
            'wolf, wolf' to alarm the villagers and
            make them rush to his rescue. One day
            wolves really did come among his flock,
            but when he cried out for help no one
            took any notice.

            Time and again the economists and forecasters
            had cried wolf, wolf, and the wolf
            had made only the most fleeting of visits.
            Time and again the Reserve Board had
            expressed fear of inflation, and inflation

            had failed to bring hard times.
            F. L. ALLEN, Only Yesterday, 1931.

            On that January day in 1982, the first new
            year within the royal family, she threatened
            to take her own life. Charles accused
            her of crying wolf and prepared to go riding.
            But she was as good as her word.
            Standing on top of the wooden staircase
            she hurled herself to the ground, landing

            in a heap at the bottom.
            ANDREW MORTON, Diana: Her True Story, 1992.

            cup of tea: not one's cup of tea

            not to one's taste

            Tea is reputedly the national beverage of
            the British and has been enjoyed by them
            since it was brought into the country in
            the seventeenth century. This rapturous
            eulogy from Colley Cibber's The Lady's
            Last Stake (1708) gives us a glimpse of
            the tea drinker's heaven:

            Tea! thou soft, thou sober, sage, and venerable
            liquid,

            thou female tongue-running, - smilesoothing,

            heart-opening, wink-tipping cordial, to
            whose glorious

            insipidity I owe the happiest moments of
            my life.
            + curate'segg> 65

            Later that century, Cowper gave
            expression to the British affection for and
            dependence upon tea when he wrote:
            'The cups That cheer but not inebriate.'
            (The Task, 1785)

            A misquotation of this is still frequently
            and contentedly murmured over the
            nation's tea cups. For a British citizen to
            declare, therefore, that something is not
            his cup of tea is a damning statement
            showing distaste or even detestation. On
            the other hand the statement That's just
            my cup of tea brings with it an aura of
            satisfaction and approval.

            Broadway by night seemed to be my cup
            of tea entirely. Its splendours and its noise
            and its crowds haunted my imagination.
            Its gigantic sky-signs dazzled my dreams,
            flashing in a myriad lights, with unfailing
            regularity, the two words 'Noél Coward'.
            NOEL COWARD. Present Indicative. 1937.

            Ghoulish actor Peter Cushing could soon
            hit new heights as a pop star - at the age
            of 78. He was originally asked to recite a
            war poem with traditional backing music
            for Christmas release but now the poem
            has been set to a funky dance beat. 'When
            I first heard it I was a bit taken aback.
            It's not quite my cup of tea,' says Cushing.
            DAILY MAIL, October 16, 1991.

            Novels adapted for the stage have never

            really been my cup of tea...
            THE JOURNAL, November 7, 1991.

            usage: The phrase implies a strong liking
            (just my cup of tea) or, perhaps more
            commonly, the converse with a negative.

            curate's egg: like the curate's egg
            - good in parts

            something which is a haphazard mixture
            of good and mediocre
            66 = + curry favour +

                evince -p 73 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/en-idiomdict2.pdf &

            See bad/good egg

            There was just as much protein in the curate's
            half-bad egg as in a fresh egg, but no
            one would willingly eat the half-bad one
            (except, perhaps the curate under the eagle
            eye of his bishop).

            COBUILD CORPUS.

            In the last analysis, the ILEA school
            system would, I suppose, pass the
            Advanced Curate Egg Test. Good in

            parts, depending on how you looked at it.
            COBUILD CORPUS, The Times, 1990.

            curry favour, to

            to seek someone's approval through flattery,
            to ingratiate oneself with someone

            The phrase is a corruption of Middle English
            to curry favel or fauvel, itself from the
            Old French estriller fauvel, meaning 'to
            rub down or groom a chestnut horse'.
            Fauvel derives from the French fauve,
            meaning 'fallow-coloured'. In a fourteenth-century
            French allegory, Le
            Roman de Fauvel, a fallow horse, representing
            hypocrisy and deceit, is carefully
            curried, or smoothed down, by other
            characters in order to gain his favour. The
            popularity of the work led people to
            accuse those intent upon furthering their
            own ends by flattery of currying favel.
            Through the closeness in pronunciation
            between 'favel' and 'favour' and the link
            in meaning, it is not surprising that the
            phrase became fo curry favour.

            In order to curry favour with the Grand
            Duke, who might at any moment become
            Tsar, the Schouvalovs encouraged him to
            bring to St Petersburg a detachment of his

            Holstein troops.
            HAROLD NICOLSON, The Age of Reason, 1960.
            Young Quintus was indeed thought to
            have gone to curry favour with Caesar by
            denouncing his uncle as one of Caesar's
            enemies. This was bad enough for Cicero;

            it was tragic for Cicero's brother.
            F. R. COWELL, Cicero and the Roman Republic,
            c1960,

            cut and run, to

            to make a quick get-away, to quit

            Formerly anchor cables on sailing vessels
            were made of hemp. If a naval warship at
            anchor were in danger of enemy attack
            and needed to make a speedy departure,
            the crew would not take the time to wind
            in the anchor but would simply cut
            through the cable and then let the ship
            run before the wind.

            Thus spake Bavaria's scholar king,
            Prepared to cut and run:
            'I've lost my throne, lost everything,

            Olola, I'm undone.'
            EPIGRAM quoted in Quarterly Review, 1887.

            I've not met the man. I've tried to, but he
            wouldn't see me. But if you do decide to
            cut and run, you'd best do it early before
            he and his mother have got into the way

            of you.
            ANGUS WILSON, Anglo-Saxon Attitudes, 1956.

            usage: informal

            cut no ice with someone, to

            to make no impression upon someone, to
            be powerless to influence someone

            This expression originated in America
            towards the end of the nineteenth century
            and came into British usage in the 1920s.

                evince -p 74 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/en-idiomdict2.pdf &

            It refers to ice skating. One can only
            move about with ease on ice skates if the
            blades are keen and cut into the ice. Blunt
            blades make no impression on the ice,
            just as a plan or a project, for instance,
            makes no metaphorical impression on
            someone - the skater makes no progress
            and neither does the plan.

            Jeremy soon found out that Professor
            Tibbitts cut very little academic ice at the
            Sorbonne, but was too cautious to betray
            his surprise.

            RICHARD ALDINGTON, Soft Answers, 'Stepping
            Heavenward', 1932.

            We had him tied up in no time, just like
            you rope a calf to take to market. He yelled
            some, and kicked a great deal, but that

            didn't cut no ice with the boys and me.
            ERSKINE CALDWELL, God's Little Acre, 1933.

            The charge was hotly and repeatedly
            denied, not just by Ministers but by the
            hospital concerned. That cut no ice with

            Neil Kinnock.
            DAILY EXPRESS, October 8, 1991.

            usage: colloquial

            cut to the quick, to

            to cause someone deep emotional hurt

            Quick comes from the Old English word
            cwicu, meaning 'living', and refers to the
            most sensitive flesh on the body, that protected
            by the fingernails and toenails.
            Someone who has been figuratively cut to
            the quick feels inner pain as intense as if
            the quick had been pierced.

            The Authorised Version of the Bible
            uses quick in the sense of 'living'. New
            Testament passages which speak of God's
            judgement declare that he will come to
            judge 'the quick and the dead'. There is
            + dampers+ 67

            no sense of speed of movement for quick
            here, although the evangelist Billy Graham
            neatly drew upon the potential ambiguity
            in suggesting that in New York
            there were only two types of pedestrian  the
            quick and the dead!

            I am in trouble again with a regular reader
            of this column who has berated me 'for
            being far too gloomy'. By his count, at
            least half of what I write is 'riddled with
            defeatist pessimism'. This cuts me to the
            quick. Most of my colleagues in the
            environment movement are_ infinitely
            gloomier than I am, and deeply suspicious

            of any tendency to look on the bright side.
            WEEKEND TELEGRAPH, May 9, 1992.

            usage: literary

            dampers: to put the dampers on
            something

            to discourage; to hinder

            A damper is a device in a piano which
            presses upon the strings to stop them
            vibrating. When the dampers are on, the
            effect is that of cutting the sound dead.
            The term is used figuratively to describe
            the stifling effect that an unhappy event,
            circumstance or person might exert upon
            the enjoyment of others.

            Author Anne Edwards blames it on the
            undescended Royal testicles. They certainly
            put the dampers on the more steamy

            bits of this extraordinary story.
            DAILY MAIL, August 22, 1991.

            'Easter is normally such a joyous family
            gathering but this year the Duke is so sad

            it is putting the dampers on everyone.'
            DAILY EXPRESS. April 20, 1992.

            usage: colloquial
            68 + dark horse +

                evince -p 75 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/en-idiomdict2.pdf &

            dark horse, a

            an unknown quantity, a person whose
            abilities are not yet known and tested

            Benjamin Disraeli is credited with bringing
            this racing term to public attention.
            His novel The Young Duke (1831) contains
            a description of a horse race in
            which the two favourites cannot make the
            running while 'a dark horse which never
            had been thought of rushed past the grandstand
            in a sweeping triumph.' In the competitive
            world of horseracing, owners
            sometimes like to conceal the potential of
            a promising young horse until it has been
            tried on the racecourse. A dark horse is
            one whose form has been withheld from
            public scrutiny in this way.

            By extension the phrase might simply
            be used to describe someone who has not
            yet had the opportunity to show what he
            can do. It is also applied to candidates for
            an election or for a job who are not well
            known but who might well be appointed.
            This particular use owes a lot to the election
            of James Knox Polk to the Presidency
            in the USA in 1844. More likely
            candidates for the Democratic nomination
            could not muster the required
            number of votes, so the compromise candidate,
            the relatively unknown dark horse
            Polk, came through. A few years later, in
            1860, Abraham Lincoln was a similar
            dark horse compromise candidate for the
            Republican Party.

            I congratulate you on falling in love with
            Rose. It makes me feel that I understand
            you so very much better. You have always
            been a bit of a dark horse.

            DAVID GARNETT, Aspects of Love, 1955.

            Jerry Knowles. The dark horse of the
            family. Dad started up an Action Saver
            Account for her. She's ended up with gross
            interest on her savings (Jerry's a nontaxpayer
            who's registered with us). Now

            her account has a very healthy balance.
            ABBEY NATIONAL ADVERTISEMENT, Good
            Housekeeping. September 1991.

            usage: Used as a noun or adjectivally.

            devil: between the devil and the
            deep blue sea

            trapped between two equally difficult sets
            of circumstances

            Despite first appearances, there is no
            satanic influence behind this phrase. All
            authorities are agreed that it is a nautical
            term but differ on the details. The devil
            was either a seam or a plank on a wooden
            sailing ship but opinions vary, even in
            sailing manuals, as to where it actually
            was. Some say it was an outboard plank
            on the upper deck, others that it was a
            seam in that same place and still others
            that it was a seam close to the water level.
            Whatever it was, seam or plank, it was an
            awkward place to reach and a precarious
            place to be. Pity the poor sailor, then,
            to whom it fell to caulk the devil and its
            difficult seams. Perched between the devil
            and the deep sea he ran a grave risk of
            plunging, unnoticed, into the waters
            below. The original form did not contain
            blue, which was added later for emphasis.

            The expression the devil to pay, meaning
            that unpleasant consequences will
            surely follow a course of action, probably
            has the same nautical origin.

            Newlyn's fishermen are caught between
            the ministry and the deep blue sea. With
            falling profits and growing foreign competition,
            they fear their livelihoods could

            soon be washed away.
            THE TIMES, Saturday Review, August 31, 1991.

                evince -p 76 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/en-idiomdict2.pdf &

            * Friendly fire is a term familiar
            * primarily to the military since at least
            * the Vietnam War, and more widely
            : since the Gulf War of 1991. However,
            . being under fire from one's own side is
            ; as old as warfare itself. It certainly
            * happened to Colonel Robert Munroe,
            * a Scotsman in the middle of a battle in
            * the 1620s. He was with a Scottish regi;
            ment that was serving under a Swedish
            ; commander. During one engagement
            ; he found himself exposed not only to
            * the fire of the enemy in front of him,
            * but also to Swedish guns at his back.
            * The guns weren't sufficiently elevated.
            : So the cannonballs from them were
            : falling short, killing Scottish soldiers,
            ; not the enemy. No wonder Colonel
            * Munroe wrote afterwards 'I with my
            * party did lie on our post as betwixt the
            . devil and the deep sea.'

            . o . . ° . . ° . . . . . . . °

            Oh dear! And I thought I had been ever
            so even-handed in the 'political' part of my
            Reflections! The Labour Party was 'the
            Devil', and the Tories were 'the deep blue
            C', yet still Gill Gardner thought that I was

            urging people to vote Conservative.
            MID SUSSEX TIMES, January 17, 1992.

            usage: Blue is now an essential element
            of the idiom.

            devil: the devil to pay

            terrible consequences following a course
            of action

            There are two convincing etymologies.
            The first concerns the obvious reference
            to Satan. Many have tried to make a
            Faustian bargain with him (hence fo sell
            «devil» 69

            one's soul to the devil), but for the favours
            or powers received there is always a price
            to pay later. Halliwell in about 1400 has:

            Beit wer be at tome for ay,
            Than her to serve the devil to pay.
            (Reliquae Antiquae)

            The second explanation is probably more
            persuasive. There is plenty of evidence
            that this idiom is part of a longer nautical
            expression, the devil to pay and no pitch
            hot. The devil here is a seam or a plank
            on a ship - for a full account see between
            the devil and the deep blue sea. 'Pay' is
            from the Old French peier meaning 'to
            caulk'. If the devil were not caulked
            because the pitch had not been heated
            through, the necessary maintenance
            could not be done and revenue would be
            lost through the vessel's not being seaworthy.
            The consequences would be
            severe - just the sense of the contemporary
            idiom.

            If they hurt but one hair of Cleveland's
            head, there will be the devil to pay and no

            pitch hot.
            WALTER SCOTT. The Pirate, 1821.

            It was so obvious, too, that old Lilian was
            also quite gone on the fellow and making
            a fool of herself about him. Did she want
            to compete with her Aunt Lilian? There'd
            be the devil and all to pay if Mrs Aldwinkle
            discovered that Irene was trying to cut her

            out.
            ALDOUS HUXLEY, Those Barren Leaves, 1925.

            usage: Colloquial. The full form of the
            expression is no longer in use.

            see also: between the devil and the deep
            blue sea
            70 + dickens +

                evince -p 77 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/en-idiomdict2.pdf &

            dickens, the
            hell, the devil

            Many suppose the phrase to have something
            to do with the Victorian novelist
            Charles Dickens. This is not the case. The
            word has been in use since the sixteenth
            century. It is a euphemism for 'devil' and
            may be a contracted form of 'devilkin'.
            See 'Every Tom, Dick and Harry' under
            People, page 104.

            So wherever this wretched word [impractical]
            occurs I'm left wondering what the

            dickens the writer means.
            G. V. CAREY. Mind the Stop. 1971.

            usage: The phrase can be used in a variety
            of ways: What the dickens, how the
            dickens, the dickens I will, a dickens of
            a... Itisas flexible as the word hell that
            it euphemistically replaces. It should not
            properly be written with an initial capital.

            die is cast, the

            an irrevocable step has been taken

            The phrase is a translation of 'Jacta alea
            est', words attributed to Julius Caesar as
            he crossed the Rubicon and committed
            himself to war with Rome. Although it
            is his momentous use of the expression
            which we recognise, he was, in fact, quoting
            a well-known Greek proverb to be
            found in the writings of Meander as early
            as 300 BC.

            The meaning of the phrase speaks for
            itself. All dice games carry an element of
            chance and, once the die has been
            thrown, the player must reconcile himself
            to the outcome, whether favourable or
            not. The die cannot be thrown again.

            See to cross the Rubicon.
            I have set my life upon a cast,
            And I will stand the hazard of the die.
            WILLIAM SHAKESPEARE, Richard III, 1592.

            The die is cast - I cannot go back.
            GEORGE MEREDITH, The Egoist, 1879.

            usage: literary

            dodo: as dead as a dodo

            dead, extinct, obsolete, out of date

            The dodo was a peculiar, comical-looking
            bird with a large, hooked bill, and short,
            curly tail-feathers. Heavy and clumsy, the
            dodo was flightless, its small wings being
            totally out of proportion to its bulky
            body. Its name comes from the Portuguese
            doudo meaning 'silly, stupid'.
            There were two known species, one
            unique to each of the islands of Mauritius
            and Réunion in the Indian Ocean. Sadly,
            the increase in exploration and trade in
            the sixteenth and seventeenth centuries
            brought about the extinction of the dodo.
            Seamen and colonists found the cumbersome
            creatures both tasty and easy to
            catch. The settlers introduced pigs to the
            islands, which destroyed their nests and
            young as they foraged. By the close of the
            seventeenth century the luckless bird was
            extinct.

            There is a curious after-effect of the
            extinction of the dodo. The tambalacoque
            tree flourished in Mauritius and
            Réunion up to the time of the demise of
            the dodo. No new seeds would germinate.
            By the 1970s, only thirteen tambalacoque
            trees were left in the world. It is known
            that many seeds will only germinate if
            they pass through the digestive system of
            a certain animal. It seems the tree's seeds
            need the dodo! As an experiment, an
            American expert used turkeys as a
            replacement, with some success. So perhaps
            the tambalacoque tree will not in its
            turn become as dead as a dodo.

                evince -p 78 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/en-idiomdict2.pdf &

            They coined the phrase as 'dead as a dodo'
            in Victorian times, but at the rate we're
            going we may soon be saying 'as elusive
            as an elephant' or 'as likely as a grunting
            gorilla'. They are just two of the endangered
            species we see on this round-the-world safari, showing animals whose

            future hangs in the balance.
            DAILY MIRROR, May 27, 1992.

            usage: An alternative form is as dead as
            the dodo. Colloquial.

            see also: as dead as a doornail

            dog days
            the hottest days of the year

            The 'dog days', or dies caniculares as the
            Romans called them, last approximately
            from the beginning of July until the
            middle of August. During this period the
            dog star Sirius rises with the sun. The
            Romans believed that the star gave off
            heat which, together with that of the sun,
            made this the hottest time of the year.

            As teachers return, refreshed and ready to
            meet the new term, education journalists
            are heaving a sigh of relief. The dog days
            of August, when school's out and we scribblers
            have little or nothing to chew over,

            are thankfully behind us.
            TIMES EDUCATIONAL SUPPLEMENT. September
            1991.

            Isn't it time we British learned to keep our
            cool, emotionally speaking, in hot

            weather? It takes only a few days of high
            temperatures to bring tempers to boiling
            -dog- 71

            point. We start by welcoming the warm
            weather - and end up cursing it. And we

            aren't even in the dog days of summer yet.
            DAILY MAIL, June 30, 1992.

            dog in a manger

            unwilling to let others benefit from things
            One cannot use oneself; spoiling

            One of Aesop's fables tells of a dog which
            sat in a manger full of hay and snapped
            at a hungry ox to prevent it from eating.
            The dog had no use for the hay but
            begrudged the ox its fodder. The application
            is to someone who holds on to things
            he cannot use in order to deprive someone
            else of having use of them.

            There you are; the dog in the manger! You
            won't let him discuss your affairs, and you

            are annoyed when he talks about his own.
            WILLA CATHER, The Professor's House, 1925.

            You told me the other day that you weren't
            going to write anything about him yourself.
            It would be rather like a dog in a
            manger to keep to yourself a whole lot of
            material that you have no intention of
            using.

            W. SOMERSET MAUGHAM, Cakes and Ale. 1930.

            usage: The phrase can be used as a noun
            but today is much more commonly found
            adjectivally e.g. a dog-in-the-manger attitude.
            It is then often hyphenated.

            dog: to see a man about a dog

            a phrase used to disguise the purpose of
            one's business

            The expression is from a play, Flying
            Scud by Dion Boucicault. It was produced
            in London in 1866 and in New
            72 ~ + doldrums 
                evince -p 79 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/en-idiomdict2.pdf &

            York the following year. It has long since
            been forgotten, except for the phrase to
            see a man about a dog, which was used
            by a character as a ploy to get away from
            a tricky situation.

            I've got to get back to London to see a

            man about a dog.
            DOROTHY SAYERS, In the Teeth of the Evidence,
            1939.

            I've an appointment with a dog about a

            walk,
            J. J. CONNINGTON, Four Defences, ¢1950.

            usage: Informal, sometimes humorous.
            When the phrase is used, both parties in
            the conversation know it is a conventional
            way of refusing to be specific. A particular
            use is to signal in a humorous, socially
            acceptable way a trip to the toilet.

            doldrums, in the

            depressed, low in spirits

            The origin of the form of the word doldrum
            is thought to lie in the Old English
            word dol meaning 'dull'. As for the meaning,
            there are two schools of thought.
            Early in the nineteenth century, and
            probably before, in the doldrums was
            used as a synonym for 'in the dumps,
            depressed'. Later sailors borrowed the
            phrase to describe the region of sultry
            calms and baffling winds within a few
            degrees of the Equator 'vhere the northeast
            and south-east trade winds converge.
            Here the progress of sailing ships would
            be greatly delayed for many days, their
            crews becoming frustrated and demoralised
            through inactivity. Hence their feelings
            provided the name for the area.
            Other authorities suggest that the
            reverse is true: the idiom is derived from
            the name of the place, the doldrums. It is
            difficult to be sure, but the dating of the
            usages given in the OED gives support to
            the first version.

            Rudyard Kipling was in the doldrums,
            partly because his politics were unpopular
            in the decade following the Boer War, and
            partly because his later work was inferior

            to the work by which he became famous.
            F. SWINNERTON, The Georgian Literary Scene,
            1934,

            see also: down in the dumps

            donkey's years: not for donkey's
            years

            not for a very long time

            The long characteristic of a donkey isn't
            his life, as this phrase might lead one to
            believe, but his ears. Formerly if you met
            a friend you hadn't seen for a long period
            of time you might say, 'I haven't seen you
            for as long as a donkey's ears', which was
            the original expression, but quite a
            mouthful. Economy of effort together
            with a certain play on words gave us the
            current form of the expression, donkey's
            years, which is neater if misleading.

            Years ago - years and years and donkey's

            ears, as the saying is.
            E. M. WRIGHT, Rustic Speech, 1913.

            I haven't seen her for donkey's years. I'd
            like to see her again and have a chat about

            the old days.
            W. SOMERSET MAUGHAM, Cakes and Alc, 1930.

            I can at least vouch for lan Botham being
            in good form with both bat and ball. . .
            He is still trying to win games singlehandedly,
            and damn near succeeding. I
            suppose I have to admit he got me out for

            the first time in donkey's years.
            DAILY TELEGRAPH, June 4, 1992.

            usage: informal

                evince -p 80 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/en-idiomdict2.pdf &

            doornail: as dead as a doornail

            unquestionably dead

            It is to be expected that preoccupation
            with death will give rise to a number of
            euphemisms and similes. Over recent
            centuries people have been as dead as
            mutton, a mackerel, a herring, a nit and
            even Queen Anne (the day after she dy'd).
            Strangely, the oldest expression of them
            all, dead as a doornail, used in William of
            Palerne around 1350, is the one which has
            best survived into modern usage.

            Medieval doors were studded with
            large-headed nails, but it is not easy to
            understand why the comparison with a
            doornail should have arisen unless the
            nail in question were that which was
            struck by the knocker. Anything repeatedly
            pounded in this fashion would definitely
            be dead.

            Whoever did it, the same person put a
            couple of poisoned aspirin tablets by Letty
            Blacklock's bed - thereby bumped off
            poor Dora Bunner. And that couldn't
            have been Rudi Scherz, because he's as
            dead as a doornail. It was someone who

            was in the room that night.
            AGATHA CHRISTIE, A Murder Is Announced,
            1950.

            'You can't just leave him there like that.'
            'He's dead, ain't he?' Floyd said
            dazedly.
            'He's deader than a doornail,' Spence
            said. 'And you've got to do something

            about him. He can't stay here.'
            ERSKINE CALDWELL, Tragic Ground, 1963.
            + down in the dumps+ 73

            usage: colloquial

            see also: as dead as a dodo

            down in the dumps

            depressed, low, dejected

            Such a very evocative phrase seems to call
            for a pleasing etymology. Instead, dumps
            is no more than a borrowing from Northern
            European languages. Swedish has
            dumpin, 'melancholy'; Dutch has dompig,
            'damp or hazy'; and German has
            dumpf, meaning 'gloomy, damp' - all
            depressing stuff.

            Nevertheless, the usage is old. People
            have certainly been in the dumps since
            the early sixteenth century and perhaps
            even earlier. A ballad thought to have
            been composed by Richard Sheale about
            1475 has the line: 'I wail, As one in doleful
            dumps.” Singing the blues is not a
            twentieth-century malady.

            What heapes of heauynesse, hathe of late
            fallen amonge vs alreadye, with whiche
            some of our poore familye bee fallen in

            suche dumpes.
            SIR THOMAS MORE, A Dialoge of Comforte against
            Tribulation, 1534.

            Mildred was in the dumps. She felt heavy
            and tired and she wasn't interested in
            anything.

            JOHN STEINBECK, The Wayward Bus, 1942.

            'It's an odd business. Spending the day in
            studio can be nice, but it can be pretty
            awful, too, and you go home feeling really

            down in the dumps.*
            TV QUICK, September 18, 1991.

            usage: The expression has standardised
            with the more emphatic form down in the
            dumps.
            74 ~=« drawa blank +

                evince -p 81 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/en-idiomdict2.pdf &

            draw a blank, to

            to fail in attempts to discover something;
            to be unsuccessful in efforts to remember
            something

            The 'blank' in the expression refers to a
            blank lottery ticket in a draw where only
            numbered tickets win prizes.

            First of all I tried to trace details of books,
            et cetera, sent in large consignments across
            the Tibetan frontier, but at all the likely
            places, such as Shanghai and Peking, |

            drew complete blanks.
            JAMES HILTON, Lost Horizon, 1933.

            Detectives, who had been unable to establish
            that any assault took place, immediately
            called off the investigation. An
            inquiry by club staff had also drawn a

            blank.
            DAILY MAIL, October 2, 1991.

            drive a coach and horses through
            something, to

            to reveal the inadequacies of an argument
            or proposal, to rebut; to breach

            Sir Stephen Rice, Chief Baron of the Irish
            Exchequer, is credited with coining this
            phrase around 1670 in his vigorous opposition
            to the Act of Settlement. According
            to Archbishop King, it was a term he
            employed often in this context:

            He was (to give him his due) a man of
            the best sense among them, well enough
            versed in the law, but most signal for his
            inveteracy against the Protestant interest
            and settlement of Ireland, having been
            often heard to say, before he was a judge,
            that he would 'drive a coach and six horses
            through the act of settlement,' upon which
            both depended (State of the Protestants of
            Ireland).
            The more familiar generalisation, '/ can
            drive a coach-and-six through any Act of
            Parliament , arising from Rice's words is,
            however, attributed to Daniel O'Connel,
            another Irishman who defended the
            Catholic cause in the following century.

            Councillor Edwards said: 'I see no evidence
            that there is no other suitable site
            and it would be foolish to breach our strategic
            gap policy.'

            Councillor Crane said: 'We have a planning
            policy to stick to but we are driving

            a coach and horses through it.'
            CRAWLEY OBSERVER, January 15, 1992.

            usage: To drive a coach and horses
            through something is the only current
            form.

            duck: a lame duck

            An ineffectual person, a failing business

            The original allusion to a duck with
            clipped wings or injured webbed feet
            seems to have been applied to someone
            who could not pay his debts on the Stock
            Exchange: 'Frauds of which a lame duck
            on the stock exchange would be ashamed'
            (Macaulay, Mirabeau, 1841). The great
            actor Garrick apparently coined the
            phrase in a play he wrote in 1771: 'Change
            Alley bankrupts waddle out [like] lame
            ducks.' Stock Exchange slang then
            spread far wider, developing new senses.
            It reached America after the Civil War
            and became attached to politicians whose
            term of office was nearly over and whose
            power, therefore, was waning. This usage
            is now widespread in England.

            We rarely hear of him now. In the early
            seventies there was Selsdon man, a prototype
            Thatcherite in the days when Mrs
            Thatcher was ensconced in the Department
            of Education . . . The term derived
            from the Selsdon Park Hotel, where
            Edward Heath and his new Conservative
            Cabinet took 'various tough-minded
            decisions not to help lame ducks over
            stiles. But it only survives today in the
            form of the so-called Selsdon group which
            has run into trouble in Blackpool this
            week for failing to pick up the new Conservative
            message to soft-pedal on privatisation.
            GUARDIAN, October 10, 1991.

            usage: Can be used as a noun or adjectivally,
            particularly in phrases like a lame
            duck presidency.

                evince -p 82 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/en-idiomdict2.pdf &

            Dutch courage

            courage found by drinking alcohol, cowardice

            Dutch courage is an expression of contempt
            implying, as it does, a bravery that
            is alcohol-induced. A magnificent,
            though short-lived, victory over the
            Dutch at the battle of Lowestoft during
            the Second Dutch War brought
            the following lines from the pen of
            Edmund Waller and show what the English
            thought of the courage their adversaries
            displayed:

            The Dutch their wine and all their brandy
            lose,

            Disarm'd of that from which their courage
            grows.

            (Instructions to a Painter for a Picture of
            the Victory over the Dutch, 3 June, 1665).

            For other anti-Dutch expressions dating
            from the seventeenth century, see
            National rivalries (page 76.)
            - Dutch- 75

            Not the twentieth part of a drop. No Dutch

            courage for me.
            WALTER SCOTT, Redgauntlet, 1824.

            A dose of brandy, by stimulating the circu
            lation, produces 'Dutch courage'.
            HERBERT SPENCER, The Study of Sociology. 1873.

            'Could I have a drink?'
            I had no compunction in gaining the
            Dutch courage for assassination at his own

            expense. I had two whiskies very quickly.
            GRAHAM GREENE, Loser Takes All, 1955.

            Dutch courage or a French Connection.
            Hurstpierpoint could do with a drop of
            Dutch courage when it comes to twinning

            with a town in Holland.
            MID SUSSEX TIMES, September 27, 1991.

            usage: derogatory

            Dutch: double Dutch

            gibberish, incomprehensible speech

            The contempt in which the English held
            the Dutch in the seventeenth century is
            evident in this phrase. It implies that the
            Dutch language is unintelligible, nothing
            more than gibberish.

            See National rivalries (page 76).

            'The symptoms can generally be controlled
            by deep inhalations of carbon dioxide
            and only if they persist would one
            consider the possibility of resorting to a
            course of chlorpromazine.'

            'Hic! said Hamlet, who thought the

            Chinese doctor was talking double Dutch.
            GYLES BRANDRETH, The Hiccups at No. 13, 1988.

            see also: to talk gibberish, mumbo jumbo
            76

                evince -p 83 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/en-idiomdict2.pdf &

            National rivalries

            Most nations seem to have a love-hate relationship with their neighbours.
            The British tend to look with respect at French cordon bleu cooking
            and admire French style in clothing, for instance. The English language
            borrows many cooking terms from French and menus in expensive restaurants
            are commonly in French, too. An elegantly dressed lady may
            be described as looking very chic - a word we have adopted from the
            French.

            But the British can be distinctly uncomplimentary about other nations.
            Let's just look at two cases, the Dutch and the French.

            There are a number of expressions which speak of the Dutch in sneering
            and critical tones. These phrases have their origins in the seventeenth
            century when the Dutch were hated commercial and military rivals. The
            extensive trading empire they had built up and the control they had over
            the European carrying-trade were prejudicing the development of the
            English economy. A literary example of the relations between the two
            countries comes from John Dryden, who set out to fan the flames of
            chauvinism with his tragedy Amboyna (1673). Amboyna was the name of
            a place in the Moluccas, or Spice Islands, where some Englishmen had
            been massacred by the Dutch in 1623.

            The antipathy was very strong. Finishing off a remark with or I'm a
            Dutchman implies the strongest possible confidence in the truth of the
            statement, since the acceptance of the name 'Dutchman' would be the
            ultimate disgrace. This example is from J. B. Priestley's The Good Companions
            (1929):

            Now it's started, mark my words. Elsie's nobbut the first, more to follow,
            or 1am a Dutchman.

            Less commonly, a dutchman is a contrivance of builders to hide faulty
            construction work. In a Dutch auction, everything is done the wrong way
            round: the auctioneer starts at a highly inflated price, then slowly drops
            the figure until someone indicates they accept it - quite the opposite of
            the approved British way of starting at a low figure and allowing subsequent
            bids to push up the price.

            The consumption of alcohol is a frequent taunt (see Dutch courage). A
            Dutch bargain is a one-sided one, struck during a drinking session. A
            Dutch feast is when the host gets drunk before the guests and a Dutch
            concert is a drunken uproar.

                evince -p 84 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/en-idiomdict2.pdf &

            Even animals do not escape: a Dutch nightingale is a frog. Family
            relationships, it seems, are the reverse of those in England, for to talk to
            someone like a Dutch uncle, 'to reprimand', implies a stern relative, not
            the amiable, indulgent British stereotype. A Dutch treat is when you pay
            for yourself, as you do when you go Dutch. Such was the Englishman's
            opinion of Dutch practices and customs. Equally low is his respect for the
            language: anything incomprehensible in English is described as double
            Dutch.

            By no means all of these expressions are still in common use, although
            those chosen for entries in this book are well-attested in recent literature
            and speech.

            Strangely, the negative linguistic heritage left by many centuries of
            rivalry between the British and the French seems smaller than that left
            from the intense dislike of the Dutch which only lasted about a hundred
            years.

            There is that mock apology Pardon my French. Colloquially, it's used
            after some swearing or offensive language: the bad language isn't English,
            it's my French that needs pardoning. Another example is to take French
            leave, meaning 'to go absent without leave or permission', and it is a direct
            reflection on the bravery, or rather the supposed lack of it, of French
            soldiers. It is well-known that the French get their own back: the equivalent
            phrase in French translates as 'to sneak off in the way the English
            do'.

            Other fixed phrases imply a moral censure but also a grudging envy. The
            French have traditionally had a reputation for sexual prowess, recorded in
            a French kiss (with the tongue in the partner's mouth), the French way
            (oral sex), a French letter (a condom) and the French disease (venereal
            disease). At the risk of extending the feuding, it is perhaps some small
            defence to note that these terms might be a riposte to that Latin lover
            Casanova's use of language. In the eighteenth century, he was one of
            the first to use prophylactic sheaths, calling them redingotes d' Angleterre
            ('English overcoats') and since then the French have called them capotes
            anglaises ('English cloaks').

            If consolation were needed, blaming other people seems to be an international
            pastime. Just within the area of language, to an Englishman
            unintelligible speech is, as we have seen, double Dutch or It's all Greek
            to me. To a Spaniard it is as if it were spoken in Greek, and to a Frenchman
            it is Hebrew or even Iroquoian! To add insult to injury, anyone who
            speaks poor French is said to talk like a Spanish cow.
            78 + Dutch
                evince -p 85 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/en-idiomdict2.pdf &

            Dutch: to go Dutch

            to share the costs of an outing instead of
            allowing one's companion to pay (especially
            if a man has invited a woman out)

            See Dutch courage, and National rivalries
            (page 76).

            Then she said, 'Aren't you going to say
            anything.' I couldn't. I was miles away.
            The business about going dutch had really

            got me.
            COBUILD CORPUS.

            Dutch treat, a

            an outing where guests are expected to
            pay for their share and which is not a
            proper treat at all

            See Dutch courage, and National rivalries
            (page 76).

            A. - It is up to you if you feel you can
            afford it. If you cannot, explain to the
            other guests that it is a 'Dutch treat', so
            they know in advance that they'll be pay
            ing for themselves.
            GOOD HOUSEKEEPING, September 1991.

            see also: to go Dutch

            Dutchman: or I'm a Dutchman

            a phrase to show strong disbelief

            See Dutch courage, and National rivalries
            (page 76).

            You come along with me and I'll take you
            to a place where they have Japanese girls,
            and if you don't see something you like

            there I'm a Dutchman.
            W. SOMERSET MAUGHAM, Ah King, 'Neil
            Macadam', 1933.
            dyed in the wool

            totally committed to one's opinions

            In medieval times vegetable dye was
            added to raw wool rather than to the spun
            yarn or finished cloth. By this method the
            dye permeated all the fibres so the colour
            of the finished cloth was more even and
            longer lasting. This process gives us our
            expression dyed in the wool, meaning
            someone who is imbued with a certain
            characteristic or set of beliefs, as in a dyed
            in the wool politician, a politician through
            and through.

            In half an hour (he can) come out an origi
            nal democrat, dyed in the wool.
            DANIEL WEBSTER, Speech, February 10, 1830.

            ... I for Lewis was puzzled yesterday.
            After 61 years of dyed-in-the-wool bachelorhood,
            what little he knows about
            matrimony has only confirmed his view
            that it is definitely not a state to be in. Yet
            ... his council colleagues have picked
            him as their representative on the marriage

            counselling service Relate.
            DAILY MAIL, August 8, 1991.

            usage: There are overtones of the incorrigible,
            the intractable, the inflexible
            associated with the idiom. It is not usually
            complimentary. Sometimes hyphenated.

            There's a whole class of adjectival
            idioms that will only follow the verb:
            up a gum tree, bright as a button. And
            another class that can normally only
            precede a noun, such as dyed in the
            wool and hard core.

            “enreeeeeeeeeeeee eee @

            oeeeeeeeeeee

            seeeseeeeeteeee

                evince -p 86 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/en-idiomdict2.pdf &

            eager beaver, an

            an overly zealous person, one who tries to
            impress others with enthusiasm and hard
            work

            An American phrase which came into
            vogue about the time of the Second
            World War. Some authorities say it originated
            amongst the American forces to
            describe those keen recruits who volunteered
            for absolutely everything; other
            American sources say it was widely used
            in student circles from about 1940.
            Beavers are reputedly industrious animals
            as phrases such as to beaver away
            show and 'eager' conveys enthusiasm. Put
            together, these two words make a catchy
            little rhyming phrase but one which carries
            the critical overtones of trying rather
            too hard to please.

            [Itami's film] proves as funny and sexy as
            his satire on eating as eager-beaver lady
            tax-inspector Nobuko Miyamoto tracks
            down every fiscal scam under the rising

            sun.
            WEEKEND TELEGRAPH, September 7, 1991.

            ears: my ears are burning

            a remark made by someone who thinks
            they are being talked about

            A tingling or burning sensation in the ears
            supposedly means that a person is being
            discussed by others. The origin of this
            belief goes back to Roman times when
            augurs (see under the auspices of) paid
            particular attention to such signs. Pliny
            wrote:

            It is acknowledged that the absent feel a
            presentiment of remarks about themselves
            by the ringing of their ears. (Naturalis Historia,
            AD 77).
            + eathumble pie» 79

            The ancient belief that the left signified
            'evil' and the right 'good' (see set off on
            the wrong foot) applies here also. Both
            Plautus and Pliny hold that if a person's
            right ear burns then he is being praised,
            but a burning left ear indicates that he is
            the subject of evil intent. English literature,
            from Chaucer to Dickens, abounds
            with references to burning ears.

            According to ancient belief, other
            unexpected bodily twitches and sensations
            also, warn of events to come,
            among them the eye and the thumb. A
            flickering right eye, for instance, indicates
            that a friend will visit or that something
            longed for will soon be seen and a pricking
            in one's left thumb warns of an evil
            event.

            I suppose that daie hir eares might well
            glow,

            For all the towne talkt of hir, hy and low.
            JOHN HEYWOOD, Proverbs, 1546.

            I dine with Dolby . . . and if your ears do
            not burn from six to nine this evening, then

            the Atlantic is a non-conductor.
            CHARLES DICKENS, Letters, 1868.

            eat humble pie, to

            to admit one's fault, to humiliate oneself
            while admitting wrong

            'The Accomplisht Lady's Delight in Preserving,
            Physick, Beautifying, and Cookery'
            (1683) gives its readers a 'Bill of
            Fayre upon an Extraordinary Occasion'.
            There follows a great list of dishes beginning
            with the magnificent and ending
            with 'no. 18 - an umble pye'. This pie
            would have been filled with 'umbles', the
            offal and entrails of a deer, and was definitely
            a dish to feed those of low estate at
            the second table, while the lord's family
            80 + egg on one's face +

                evince -p 87 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/en-idiomdict2.pdf &

            and guests enjoyed the venison. Because
            those who ate umble pie were of humble
            stock confusion arose between 'umble'
            and 'humble', so that the phrase we know
            today means 'to admit a wrong to the
            point of humiliation'. Yet, even though
            lowly folk have been tucking into their
            'umbles' since the fifteenth century, the
            expression has only been in use since the
            first half of the nineteenth century.

            If you've made a fool of yourself you must
            eat humble pie. Your wife doesn't strike

            me as the sort of woman to bear malice.
            W. SOMERSET MAUGHAM, The Moon and Sixpence,
            1919.

            The more she tried to find excuses to get
            away, the more cleverly Constance contrived
            to keep her, having a very large portion
            of humble pie she was determined the

            girl should eat to the last crumb.
            RICHARD ALDINGTON, Soft Answers, 1932.

            It's time to sink the critical teeth into a
            large slice of humble pie. Having hated
            episode one, I was utterly hooked on A
            Fatal Inversion (BBCI, 9.05 p.m.) by epi
            sode two.
            DAILY EXPRESS, May 25, 1992.

            egg on one's face, to have

            to look foolish having made a wrong
            choice

            Brandreth gives an American origin in
            the 1960s and a British use in 1972. It has
            certainly spread rapidly in this country,
            mainly in journalism. Throwing eggs at
            an opponent is not uncommon, especially
            on the political hustings. The idea seems
            to be that a politician with egg on his face
            is made to look foolish. Metaphorically,
            a decision that backfires leaves those
            responsible with egg on their faces.
            We aimed to grow up with our readers and
            in so doing hoped to be around to define
            the new decade. Now we have egg on our
            face and the Face and iD, who stuck with
            a tried and tested style formula, must be
            crowing.

            GUARDIAN, September 2, 1991.

            The campaign polls made a hash of forecasting
            the result, and few people are
            inclined to feel sorry for soothsayers who

            end up with egg-spattered faces.
            INDEPENDENT. May 1, 1992.

            usage: colloquial

            egg: to be a bad/good egg

            to be an_ untrustworthy/dependable
            person

            It is impossible to tell from simply looking
            at the shell whether an egg is fresh or not.
            Once the egg is broken it may reveal an
            unpleasant surprise, but a good egg will
            be found to have been completely sound
            right through to its very centre. So it is
            with people; the outward appearance will
            not reveal the content of the character.
            This is only discovered when time is taken
            to get to know a person better. Someone
            who is a good egg is known to be dependable
            through and through. A bad egg is
            someone to avoid.

            The first written reference is to a bad
            egg. It makes it clear that it was current
            in spoken English for some time before:
            'In the language of his class, the Perfect
            Bird generally turns out to be “'a bad
            egg'. (Samuel A. Hammett, Captain
            Priest, 1855.)

            Good egg did not come into use until
            the beginning of this century, when it was
            probably coined amongst the students at
            Oxford.

                evince -p 88 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/en-idiomdict2.pdf &

            The remarks about the freshness of
            eggs apply to another common
            expression, like the curate's egg - good in
            parts, which refers to something which is
            mediocre but has its good points. The edition
            of Punch published on November 9,
            1895 carried a cartoon showing a timid
            curate eating a bad egg at the home of his
            bishop and bravely assuring his host that
            'parts of it are excellent'. The simile is
            sometimes halved so that good in parts
            and like the curate's egg may be heard
            independently.

            'A bad egg'... a fellow who has not

            proved to be as good as his promise.
            THE ATHENAEUM, 1864.

            'She's always off slaloming or down a coal
            mine,' says Ned Sherrin. Good-egg stories
            about her abound. Once she was asked to
            blow into a windmill which turned out to

            be a soot-blowing machine.
            EVENING STANDARD. December 2, 1991.

            Morse and Sgt Lewis gradually uncover
            the truth about a murder victim - an artist,
            a drinker and therefore a reasonably allround
            good egg in the inspector's book.

            But things are not what they seem.
            WEEKEND TELEGRAPH, January 18, 1992.

            Is Red Ken a good egg on Labour's new

            menu?
            HEADLINE, OBSERVER, April 19, 1992.


            eggs: as sure as eggs is eggs
            absolutely certain, beyond doubt

            It is widely agreed that this phrase has
            nothing to do with eggs but is a corruption
            of the logic statement 'as sure as x is x'.
            The frequent use of a singular verb even
            with plural eggs supports this explanation.
            -eggs> 81

            As sure as eggs is eggs, the bridegroom

            and she had a miff.
            OLIVER GOLDSMITH, The Good-Natur'd Man,
            1768.

            As the bishop said, 'Sure as eggs is eggs,

            this here is the bold Turpin.'
            CHARLES DICKENS, Pickwick Papers, 1837.

            A penalty taker always steps up and if he
            scores makes no mistake from the spot.
            Nothing is merely 'to the left/right' but
            away to the left/right; and as sure as eggs
            is eggs (or spheres are balls) you will hear
            your radio commentator tell you that

            Liverpool are playing from left to right.
            WEEKEND TELEGRAPH, May 9, 1992.

            usage: A plural verb is common: as sure
            as eggs are eggs.

            eggs: to teach one's grandmother
            to suck eggs

            to offer unnecessary advice to someone
            who is older and more experienced

            This phrase is used to reprimand someone
            who, though young in years and green
            in experience, takes it upon himself to
            lecture an older and wiser person. The
            first written record is in John Stevens'
            translation of Quevedo's Visions (1707).
            A more well-known reference is in Swift's
            Polite Conversation of 1738: 'Go, teach
            your grannam to suck eggs.'

            A number of earlier expressions
            existed along the same lines. In the mid
            sixteenth century the young were
            exhorted not to teach our dame to spinne
            and from the beginning of the seventeenth
            century they were advised not to
            teach your grandame to gropen her ducks
            (that is, to feel a duck and decide whether
            it will lay or not).

            Quite why anyone should wish to suck
            82 - fair game +

                evince -p 89 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/en-idiomdict2.pdf &

            eggs has not been explained, unless it
            was to decorate the empty shell. It has
            been pointed out that a toothless grandmother
            would naturally be more successful
            in this than a grandchild with a
            complete set of teeth. Neither is it apparent
            why this form of the expression rather
            than the other more obvious ones should
            have come down to the present day.
            This said, the phrase is open to a certain
            amount of humorous embroidery.
            R. D. Blackmore alluded to it thus: 'A
            . . . twinkle, which might have been interpreted
            - “'instruct your grandfather in the
            suction of  gallinaceous products'''
            (Christowell, 1882), and there is a little
            Victorian ditty of unknown origin:

            Teach not a parent's mother to extract
            The embryo juices of an egg by suction:
            The good old lady can the feat enact
            Quite irrespective of your kind instruction.

            According to Partridge (1950), in later
            years 'egg' became an underworld slang
            term for a confidence trickster's victim, in
            other words for a 'sucker', a reference to
            the expression under consideration.

            This revolutionary idea is called Self
            Evaluation. Fancy. . . Doesn't everybody
            do it? This is the 'teaching your grandmother
                to suck eggs' syndrome I meet on
            every course. Arthur tries to start a debate
            on why grandmothers would want to suck
            eggs, but Ken and Steve and Sir will not

            be sidetracked.
            TIMES EDUCATIONAL SUPPLEMENT. September
            6, 1991.

            .. « but then let him get on with it: it may
            be your kitchen and you may be the
            expert. But if he's washing (or cooking
            or shopping or child-minding) he doesn't
            need you giving egg-sucking instructions

            while he's doing it.
            DAILY TELEGRAPH, May 29, 1992.
            It may be impossible to teach grandmothers
            to suck eggs, but Asda, the supermarket
            chain, reckons it can teach the
            Spanish a thing or two about picking
            oranges. What is more, it has persuaded
            the European Community to pay for the

            lesson.
            THE TIMES, June 15, 1992.

            usage: informal

            fair game

            someone or something which may be
            attacked or ridiculed with good reason

            Over the centuries there has been much
            legislation to deter poachers and to
            uphold the rights of landowners. The
            reign of George III saw an abundance of
            legislation, thirty-two Game Laws in all,
            which were essentially introduced with
            the motive of keeping hunting rights for
            the aristocratic minority who justified the
            laws by voicing fears that, without them,
            game stocks would be severely depleted.
            At the beginning of the nineteenth century
            it was illegal for anyone except the
            squire or his eldest son to take game,
            even if they had been permitted to do so
            by the landowner. A law of 1816 stipulated
            that anyone taking so much as a
            rabbit unlawfully should be transported
            for seven years. Poachers became
            increasingly skilful and landowners
            fought back by setting man-traps, some
            of which inflicted great damage, not only
            upon the intended victim but upon innocent
            passers-by.

            The expression fair game was first used
            in 1825 and, against this background of
            abundant restrictive legislation to give the
            ruling classes exclusive rights to the
            countryside and its creatures, refers to
            those animals and birds which could be
            lawfully hunted. As the quotation of 1852
            shows, it wasn't long before the phrase
            was extended to very different contexts.

                evince -p 90 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/en-idiomdict2.pdf &

            As to the unfortunate Jews, each party

            considered them fair game.
            CHARLOTTE M. YONGE, Cameos, 1852.

            The law says that public figures like film
            stars are fair game 'because in their line of
            work they have voluntarily exposed them
            selves to public interest.
            DAILY MAIL, August 8, 1991.

            A dazzling variety of organisations now
            carves off slices of the calendar in the competition
            to catch the public eye. The
            coming year will bring round Million Tree
            Week, Breast Feeding Week, No Smacking
            Week, Condom Week, Veggie Pledge
            Week and a host of others. Months, years
            and even decades are all treated as fair
            game. There will be as many days in 1992
            as there will be weeks, ranging from Pan
            cake Day to National Kevin Day.
            THE TIMES, January 1992.

            feather in one's cap, a

            credit, acknowledgement for one's work,
            achievement

            It has been the custom amongst the
            people of very different cultures to wear
            a feather on the head for every enemy
            killed. The American Indians with their
            head-dresses are perhaps most well
            known for this, but the custom existed
            closer to home, too. Richard Hansard in
            A Description of Hungary (1599) writes:

            It hath been an ancient custom among
            them [the Hungarians] that none should
            wear a feather but he who had killed a
            + feather in one's cap + 83

            Turk, to whom only it was lawful to show
            the number of his slain enemies by the
            number of feathers in his cap.

            In England, too, bravery in combat was
            rewarded by the wearing of a feather.
            Knights who had shown outstanding valour
            in battle wore feathers in their helmets.
            It is possible that the origin of the
            phrase may be traced to one particular
            early example, that of Edward, the Black
            Prince who, at the age of sixteen, showed
            such bravery in the Battle of Crecy (1346)
            that the crest of blind John of Bohemia,
            one of the mighty knights in the enemy
            forces, was bestowed upon him. The
            crest, three ostrich plumes, is the emblem
            of the Princes of Wales to this day.

            There are modern-day versions of this
            practice - pilots, for example, in the
            Second World War and the Gulf War put
            a symbol on the fuselage of their planes
            for each kill.

            He wore a feather in his cap, and wagg'd

            it too often.
            THOMAS FULLER, Church-History of Britain,
            1655S.

            Ford had heard that my mother was
            worrying about my education and wrote:
            'Send him to me for a few years and I will
            teach him to write like Flaubert.' This offer
            was not considered seriously and I missed
            the opportunity of becoming a feather in

            Ford's cap.
            DAVID GARNETT. The Golden Echo, 1953.

            Economic reform, political stability and
            close ties with Washington are the biggest

            feathers in Mr Menem's cap.
            FINANCIAL TIMES. November 13, 1991.

            Out of the considerable body of work he
            has produced, he has never had a flop.
            Most playwrights would be delighted by
            this. Bennett, forever wary, isn't so sure.
            He says: 'I don't think that it's necessarily
            84 « feather +

                evince -p 91 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/en-idiomdict2.pdf &

            a feather in my cap. Perhaps you learn
            more from a real flop. Perhaps it's because

            I'm timid and tend to play safe.'
            GOOD HOUSEKEEPING. December 1991.

            feather: to show the white feather

            to show cowardice

            This is a phrase from the cock-pit. The
            plumage of a pure-bred cock had no white
            feathers in it. A cock with a white feather
            in its tail was underbred and unlikely to
            perform as well as the best of the breed.
            Thus showing a white feather was
            equated with cowardice. This was, of
            course, a great defect as high stakes were
            wagered on fighting cocks.

            During the First World War it was the
            practice of some women to give white
            feathers to able-bodied men in civilian
            clothes who they thought should have
            been away fighting in the trenches.

            All the rejected men talked like that. War
            was the one thing they wanted, now they
            couldn't have it. All of them had a sidelong
            eye for the women they talked with,
            a guarded resentment which said, 'Don't
            pin a white feather on me, you bloodthirsty
            female. I've offered my meat to the

            crows and they won't have it.'
            K. A. PORTER, Pale Horse, Pale Rider, 1939.

            The early attacks from the air were noticeable
            enough for a naval officer to be heard
            saying playfully to another, 'What! Going
            to sea, are you? So you're showing the

            white feather!'
            W. PLOMER, At Home. 1958.

            usage: dated
            feet of clay

            a weakness perceived in someone held in
            high regard

            This is a biblical expression and comes
            from a story to be found in the Book of
            Daniel. Daniel, after spending the night
            in prayer, is the only wise man in Nebuchadnezzar's
            kingdom who is able to tell the
            king what his troublesome dream means.
            In his dream Nebuchadnezzar sees a
            huge and awesome statue made of different
            metals starting with gold at the head
            down to iron on the legs. The statue's
            feet are part iron and part clay. In the
            interpretation Daniel tells the king that
            by God's will he is the golden head but
            that other inferior kingdoms will succeed
            him, ending with a divided kingdom represented
            by the feet of iron and clay:

            As the toes were partly iron and partly
            clay, so this kingdom will be partly strong
            and partly brittle. And just as you saw the
            iron mixed with baked clay, so the people
            will be a mixture and will not remain
            united, any more than iron mixes with
            clay. (Daniel 2:42, New International
            Version.)

            The mighty, awe-inspiring statue was
            not as strong as it first appeared, its greatest
            weakness being its feet of clay. Even
            the greatest - and superficially perfect  have
            hidden flaws.

            Mr Carlyle made an inimitable bust of the
            poet's head of gold; may I not be forgiven
            if my business should have more to do

            with the feet of clay?
            R. L. STEVENSON, Some Aspects of Robert Burns,
            1880.

            I look for clay feet before I even glance at

            an idol's head.
            RUFUS KING, A Variety of Weapons, 1943.
            usage: A literary cliché.

            see also: Achilles' heel

                evince -p 92 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/en-idiomdict2.pdf &

            fiddle: as fit as a fiddle

            on top form, in excellent health

            The earliest reference to the expression
            has been traced to William Haughton's
            Englishmen for My Money (1597): 'This
            is excellent, i'faith; as fit as a fiddle.' In
            the sixteenth century the word fiddle was
            applicable not only to the instrument but
            also to the fiddler and, by extension, to an
            entertainer or mirth-maker. It is possible,
            therefore, that the phrase describes the
            fiddler, a vivacious character who made
            the company merry and played his instrument
            with vigour.

            Supporters of the theory that the
            phrase is really about the instrument, not
            its player, point out that in past centuries
            'fit' did not mean 'healthy' but 'suitable
            for a purpose'. So the phrase meant 'as
            suitable for its purpose as a fiddle is for
            music-making'. They argue that the
            phrase changed in meaning, and subsequently
            became nonsensical, when 'fit'
            gradually came to be synonymous with
            bodily well-being.

            In the sixteenth century fine as a fiddle
            was also found. Possibly people were
            excited by the appearance of this new
            instrument, for it was not until that century
            that the fiddle in the form we know
            it today came over from Italy. Certainly
            the fiddle was admired, for an expression
            a face made of a fiddle was used, from the
            seventeenth to the nineteenth centuries,
            to describe someone with fine features.
            By contrast, the only comparison that survives
            nowadays between the face and the
            fiddle is a relatively recent one from the
            + fiddle while Rome burns+ 85

            turn of the century, to have a face as long
            as a fiddle, and that means 'to look miserable'.

            The epidural provided instant relief. | feel
            that if women have children they should
            have anything to stop the pain, provided
            it doesn't damage the baby. I had no problems
            afterwards, I felt tired, but fit as a

            fiddle.
            DAILY TELEGRAPH. May 19, 1992.

            usage: Another phrase with a long history
            that remains colloquial.

            fiddle while Rome burns, to

            to be occupied with trivialities while a
            crisis is taking place

            An old story alleges that in AD 64 the
            Emperor Nero, in order to gain an
            impression of what Troy had looked like
            while ablaze, set fire to Rome, then sang
            and played his lyre while he watched the
            flames. It is said that the city burned for
            six days and seven nights. Nero himself
            denied the charge and put the blame upon
            the Christians, whom he then persecuted
            ruthlessly - first locally, then further
            afield. His claim to innocence is supported
            by contemporary historians who
            say he was far from the city at the time.

            Tragedy has been stalking through this
            house: doctors have been telephoned for,
            sick rooms made ready, cool compresses
            prepared: and here are you two young
            men carelessly playing billiards. Fiddling
            while Rome burns is about what it

            amounts to.
            P. G. WODEHOUSE. Uncle Fred in the Springtime,
            1939.
            86 - filthy lucre +

                evince -p 93 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/en-idiomdict2.pdf &

            filthy lucre

            money, dishonourable profit

            The middle English word lucre comes
            from the Latin lucrum, 'gain'. This in turn
            has the root Jeu, 'to win, to capture as
            booty' which lends the meaning of
            'profit', 'booty', 'loot', 'value' to different
            words in a number of languages. The
            word stands by itself to mean 'dishonourable
            gain' but is usually found with
            the reinforcement of filthy. The phrase is
            used three times in the Authorised Version
            of the New Testament, in Titus 1:7
            and in 1 Timothy 3:3 and 8. Indicative of
            the rather dated air of the phrase is that
            all the modern versions of the Bible
            replace it by 'money' or 'gain'.

            If a Jew wants to be a rich man, he is
            apt to be keener about his business than a
            Gentile; but if he has no ambition to make
            money, and chooses to be a philosopher,
            or a musician, he will often show a noble

            indifference to filthy lucre, like Spinoza.
            W. R. INGE, Lay Thoughts of a Dean, 1926.

            Some farmers in their desperation to
            squeeze extra cash from alternative use of
            their land are turning green fields into rubbish
            tips . . . Nowhere is the pursuit of this
            filthy lucre more in evidence than among
            the downs of Wiltshire, where it is said
            they have the sort of clay that makes seep
            age from decaying waste easier to control.
            WEEKEND TELEGRAPH, May 9. 1992.

            Filthy lucre? Seems pretty clean-cut to me.
            The rule is that the higher you get up the
            tree the less you want the money to be mentioned.
            White-collar types, creative souls,
            even field-marshals of industry tend to prefer
            the vocabulary of vocation, challenge

            and service.
            THE TIMES, June 15, 1992.
            usage: The expression can still be used
            with negative connotations but is much
            more frequent today as a jocular term for
            money.

            finger: to have a finger in the/
            every pie

            to play a part in doing something; to
            interfere in a matter

            There is an ellipsis in this expression. It
            is better understood if read 'to have a
            finger in making the pie', when the sense
            of involvement becomes clear. There is
            nearly always an implication of meddling
            in other people's business. This universal
            human tendency has been reflected in this
            phrase for at least four hundred years.

            No man's pie is freed From his ambitious
            finger.

            WILLIAM SHAKESPEARE, Henry VIII, 1612.
            You would have a finger in every bodies
            pie.

            THOMAS SOUTHERNE, The Fatal Marriage, 1694.
            Instead of every man airing his selfconsequence
            thinking it bliss to talk at random
            about things, and to put his finger in
            every pie, you should seriously understand

            that there is a right way of doing things.
            MATTHEW ARNOLD, Literature and Dogma, 1873.

            Mike Castelton is as local as they come, a
            King's Lynn man through and through
            with a finger in numerous pies. Erstwhile
            trawler owner, market trader, expert on
            shellfish and a plasterer by trade, he's the
            kind of chap who gets up at five in the
            morning and is still going strong at I] at

            night, preferably in the pub.
            COUNTRY LIVING, September 1991.

            usage: The use of every stresses the wideranging
            interest, even meddling, in
            matters.

                evince -p 94 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/en-idiomdict2.pdf &

            flash in the pan, a

            a brilliant initiative which amounts to
            nothing

            The expression comes from a misfunction
            in the old flintlock gun. When the musket
            was fired, a flint striking against the hammer
            produced a spark which fired the
            priming, a small quantity of gunpowder
            held in the pan. This explosion ignited
            the main charge, forcing the ball to fly
            from the barrel. Sometimes the priming
            caught but failed to ignite the main
            charge, resulting in nothing more than a
            flash in the pan. When this happened the
            gun was said to be 'hanging fire', giving
            rise to another idiomatic phrase meaning
            'slow to act'.
            See also to hang fire.

            There was little or no surprise that a play
            of mine should be so appallingly bad, for,
            in their minds at least, | had never been
            anything but a flash in the pan, a playboy
            whose meteoric rise could only result in an

            equally meteoric fall into swift oblivion.
            NOEL COWARD. Present Indicative, 1937,

            Engineers are flushed with pride at the success
            of a new scheme to wipe out a nagging
            problem and help reduce passenger inconvenience.

            Passengers drying their hands on paper
            handtowels sometimes throw them into
            aircraft toilets instead of rubbish bins resulting
            in frequent blockages which
            drove engineers round the bend.

            On newer aircraft with vacuum toilets,
            like 747-400s, passengers were often badly
            inconvenienced ... and _ complaints
            flooded in.

            Now Special new handtowels which disintegrate
            in water will be used on all fleets,
            after trials on Boeing 747s and 767s
            + flogadead horse» 87

            proved that their early success was no flash

            in the pan.
            BRITISH AIRWAYS NEWS. October 4, 1991.

            flavour of the month, the

            something temporarily in fashion

            American ice cream parlours, certainly
            by the 1950s, encouraged their customers
            to eat more (by lowering the price in a
            promotion) and try new flavours (by featuring
            a less known one) with a flavour of
            the month. This has been a widespread
            marketing ploy in recent decades in many
            fields.

            Flavour of the month is undoubtedly actor
            Sean Bean, cropping up here, there and

            everywhere on our screens this autumn.
            GOOD HOUSEKEEPING, November 1991.

            There is so much sensitivity (quite rightly)
            over male-dominated committees and
            organisations that as a woman you could

            find yourself flavour of the month.
            GOOD HOUSEKEEPING, July 1992.

            usage: Applied widely now to any fad or
            person. The implication is that the fame
            is very transitory and therefore not worth
            having. There is a hint that the speaker
            feels superior and scornful, even condescending.

            see also: to climb on the bandwagon

            flog a dead horse, to

            to waste one's time pursuing a matter that
            has already been settled

            This telling metaphor was first used in
            Parliament in the mid nineteenth century
            88 _ - fly in the ointment 
                evince -p 95 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/en-idiomdict2.pdf &

            by John Bright MP, to castigate the
            apathy of his fellow parliamentarians
            towards a reform bill introduced by Lord
            John Russell. It was such an arresting
            phrase that he used it again when a
            measure proposed by Richard Cobden
            similarly found little parliamentary

            support.

            One would have thought the etymological
            fallacy - that word sense is determined by
            original meaning - was a sufficiently dead
            horse in educated theological circles to
            spare it the humiliation of further flogging.
            However, Barr was able to provide a long
            chapter of examples to demonstrate that
            the horse in question, far from being dead,
            was actually enjoying rude health in even

            some of the most learned pastures.
            COTTERELL AND TURNER, Linguistics and Biblical
            Interpretation, 1989.

            usage: colloquial

            fly in the ointment, a

            something trifling that spoils or mars the
            whole

            Funk (1950) suggests t..at an earlier version
            of the phrase was 'a fly in (the)
            amber' and it is indeed true that insects
            fossilised in amber were the subject of
            wonderment. Francis Bacon is one writer
            who remarked on it:

            We see spiders, flies, or ants entombed and
            preserved forever in amber, a more than
            royal tomb. (Historia Vitae et Mortis,
            Sylva Sylvarum, 1623.)

            There were many other similar comments,
            from Martial in his Epigrams to
            Herrick's poem On a Fly buried in
            Amber. Sydney Smith, in typical fashion,
            wrote of Canning:
            He is a fly in amber; nobody cares about
            the fly; the only question is, How the devil
            did it get there?

            The connection of amber with ointment
            is that, at one time, amber was the
            word commonly used for 'ambergris',
            which is an ingredient in some sweetsmelling
            ointments. However, the senses
            of wonderment, surprise and curiosity of
            a fly in amber are not close to the meaning
            of a fly in the ointment. In the Old Testament,
            in Ecclesiastes 10:1 we find: 'Dead
            flies cause the ointment of the apothecary
            to send forth a stinking savour.' This is
            very much the sense of the contemporary
            phrase. So, in all probability, here is the
            source of our modern expression.

            The only fly in the ointment of my peaceful
            days was Mrs Cavendish's extraordinary
            and, for my part, unaccountable preference
            for the society of Dr Bauerstein.
            AGATHA CHRISTIE, The Mysterious Affair at
            Styles, 1920.

            Do these explicit suppressions really serve
            the interests of the highest morality? Dr
            Toynbee reminds one of the man who. . .
            But enough: for, after all, it is not the fly

            but the ointment that claims our attention.
            LYTTON STRACHEY. Biographical Essays, 'The
            Eighteenth Century', 1948.

            usage: informal

            fly off the handle, to

            to fly into a fit of rage

            This expression was current amongst
            American frontiersmen about 150 years
            ago. The reference is to an axe-head
            which, having worked loose on its homemade
            handle, finally flies off at the next
            hefty blow.

                evince -p 96 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/en-idiomdict2.pdf &

            For an axe to break in this
            way was not only dangerous but also
            meant that work had to stop until a new
            handle had been made. It was not surprising,
            therefore, that the event was
            invariably accompanied by a furious outburst
            of temper, so that angry behaviour
            came to be associated with the loss pf an
            axe-head and a person was said to have
            flown off the handle.

            Capricorn. Now is the moment to take a
            firm grip of yourself and not allow too
            many distractions to have you on edge.
            You can fly off the handle too easily if you

            feel pressured.
            DAILY EXPRESS, September 24, 1991.

            usage: informal

            foot: to put one's foot in it

            to make a blunder, a faux pas

            Authorities usually refer to the commonsense
            explanation which immediately
            springs to mind when this expression is
            considered; that is, the embarrassment of
            putting one's foot in some mess on the
            pavement.

            A more interesting and reasonably
            plausible suggestion is that the presentday
            idiom comes from a much earlier
            phrase the bishop hath set his foot in it,
            which was a common cry when broth or
            milk was burnt. Bishops, it seems, were
            not popular in the Middle Ages. According
            to William Tyndale:

            If the podech [soup] be burned to, or the
            meat over-roasted, we say the Bishop hath
            put his foot in the pot, or the Bishop hath
            played the cook. Because the Bishops
            burn who they lust and whosoever displeases
            them (The Obedyence of a
            Chrysten Man, 1528).
            -foot» 89

            Francis Grose, in his Provincial Glossary
            (1790), suggests a different origin for the
            phrase, claiming that many a pan of milk
            burned while cottagers, on hearing that a
            bishop was passing through their village,
            dashed out into the street to implore a
            blessing.

            John Milton used the expression in
            Animadversions (1641): 'It will be the
            bishop's foot in the broth.'

            Swift employed it almost a century later
            in Polite Conversation (1738): 'This cream
            is burnt too - Why madam, the bishop
            hath set his foot in it.'

            Interestingly, the French had a phrase
            of similar origin, pas de clerc ('priest's
            footstep'), which was used when someone
            had committed an indiscretion through
            ignorance or lack of good sense.

            Those who support the theory that the
            expression has an ecclesiastical origin
            point out that the roots of many idiomatic
            phrases wither with the passage of time
            and that this is no exception; all connection
            with the clergy has long since been
            forgotten.

            'I find a little of my family goes a very long
            way,' said Maxim. 'Beatrice is one of the
            best people in the world but she invariably
            puts her foot in it.'

            I was not sure where Beatrice had blun
            dered, and thought it better not to ask.
            DAPHNE DU MAURIER, Rebecca, 1938.

            She lies low till she's found out all the weak
            points in your alibi, and then suddenly,
            when you've put your foot in it by some

            careless remark, she starts on you.
            GEORGE ORWELL, Coming Up for Air, 1939.

            usage: informal
            90 + foot +

                evince -p 97 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/en-idiomdict2.pdf &

            foot: to put one's foot in one's
            mouth

            to say something accidentally that could
            cause offence

            This is a vivid extension of to put one's
            foot in it. It singles out the verbal nature
            of the mistake. Very many people have
            been accused of putting their foot in
            it every time they open their mouths.
            Church people seem to have a habit of it:

            'Vicar,' beamed the old lady appreciatively,
            'we didn't know what sin was until
            you came to this parish.'

            A bishop visited a church in his diocese.
            Only three people turned up to hear him
            preach. He asked the rector,
            'Did you give notice of my visit?'
            'No,' replied the rector, 'but the word
            seems to have got round.'
            (Murray Watts, Rolling in the Aisles, 1987)

            Brandreth claims the expression was first
            used of Sir Boyle Roche, an Irish politician,
            in the 1770s.

            Opening my mouth and putting my foot
            in it is almost a hobby of mine. I try not
            to but it just keeps popping up there like
            some esoteric form of aerobics.

            GOOD HOUSEKEEPING, May 1992.

            usage: familiar, humorous

            foot: to set off on the right/wrong
            foot

            to begin something well/badly

            The left foot is the wrong foot. The
            Romans held that anything to do with the
            left had evil consequences. The gods
            guarded your right but evil spirits hovered
            on your left. The Latin for 'left' is 'sinister',
            a word that has lost its 'leftness' in
            English but retains the ancient meaning
            of foreboding. Petronius exhorted his fellow
            Romans to 'enter a house right foot
            foremost'. They were to leave it in the
            same way. The Romans lived in such
            intense dread of the powers of evil that
            guards were appointed to stand at the
            doorway to all public places to make sure
            that the right-foot rule was obeyed.
            Augustus is said to have been particularly
            superstitious in this respect.

            The tradition of the bride being carried
            over the threshold is thought to have originated
            in this superstition. It would not
            do for her to start the marriage off on the
            wrong foot.

            After beginning on the wrong foot with a
            lot of heavy handed comedy ... it
            changes step to become . . . a social piece

            with a message.
            MID SUSSEX TIMES, September 6, 1991.

            We are asked to believe that they are the
            greatest hoaxers since the perpetrators of
            Piltdown Man. That puts them on the
            wrong foot with me for a start because the
            Piltdown Man is another thing I happen

            to believe in.
            MID SUSSEX TIMES, September 27, 1991.

            see also: to get out of bed on the wrong
            side

            footloose and fancy free

            free from care and responsibility

            Footloose describes someone who, without
            responsibilities to restrain him, can
            wander wherever he wishes. If that
            person is also fancy free he has a free
            heart, having no sweetheart to tie him
            down. The word 'fancy' originally meant
            'fantasy' or 'imagination' before coming
            to mean 'whim' and finally 'love'. The
            phrase is appealing because of the alliteration
            and the balance of the two words.

                evince -p 98 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/en-idiomdict2.pdf &

            Because of your age, it develops into a
            serious thing and then you can't get
            involved with other people. You want the
            closeness, but because you've only got
            three years at university, you also want to

            be footloose and fancy free.
            DAILY EXPRESS, October 8, 1991.

            French leave: to take French
            leave

            to leave one's duties without permission,
            to steal away secretly without notice

            Although the expression was current
            amongst the armed forces during the First
            World War (see National rivalries, page
            76) it is, in fact, considerably older and
            originated not in the trenches but in polite
            French society towards the end of the
            seventeenth century. In these circles it
            was not considered impolite to leave a
            social gathering without first making a
            formal farewell to one's host and hostess.
            English society was stricter and was not
            amused by the lax ways of its: French
            counterparts, so it seized uy on the custom
            to express the idea of 'sneaking off without
            permission'. The French, however,
            have coined a phrase of their own which
            carries the same meaning. Filer (or s'en
            aller) a l'anglaise means 'to leave in the
            English fashion', but, before we criticise
            our neighbours for lack of originality, it
            is worth pointing out that in the sixteenth
            century un anglais was a French term for
            a creditor.

            You must take French leave and run away
            from Newly and your charming wife for

            six months.
            AUSTEN PREMBER.
            + gauntlet» 91

            But as I was certain I should not be
            allowed to leave the enclosure, my only
            plan was to take French leave, and slip out

            when nobody was watching.
            R. L. STEVENSON, c1886.

            usage: This original connotation of
            opprobrium has weakened, though there
            is still disapproval, for example, of someone
            leaving a social event where he ought
            to be present. Rather dated.

            see also: g9 AWOL

            gauntlet: to run the gauntlet

            to suffer or risk abuse, criticism or danger

            Gauntlet, here, has ncthing to do with
            gloves. The word comes from the Swedish
            gatulopp (gata 'a lane' and lopp 'a chase,
            running'). The early English forms were
            to run the gantlope and to run the gantlet.
            Running the gauntlet was a fearful military
            punishment of Swedish invention in
            which the offender, stripped to his waist,
            was forced to run between two lines of
            soldiers who beat him with clubs or ropes.
            This torture came to the fore during the
            Thirty Years War of 1618-1648. The
            well-disciplined army of King Gustavus
            Adolphus clearly impressed the British
            military commanders. The navy implemented
            the punishment in 1661, for
            example, to deter theft from on board
            ship. It was abolished in 1813 but its' use
            had caught on in public schools where it
            remained as a form of schoolboy bullying
            until well into this century. Hammond
            Innes tells of one particular experience of
            his from the 1920s:

            When the dormitory leader came back, I
            poured out the whole incident. The leader
            then told the school prefect - he didn't go
            92 + gauntlet 
                evince -p 99 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/en-idiomdict2.pdf &

            to the masters - and together they lined up
            the whole school so that the bully had to
            run the gauntlet, being hit with a sockful
            of earth. (Telegraph Magazine, September
            7, 1991.)

            We went to the jetty to see the 'usband's
            boat come in, and formed part of the long
            row of spectators, three deep, who had
            assembled to watch the unfortunate passengers
            land and run the gauntlet of unscrupulous
            comment and _ personal

            remarks all down the line.
            T. H. BAYLY, The Mistletoe Bough, 1885.

            These children are running the traffic

            gauntlet every schoolday of their lives.
            MID SUSSEX TIMES, November 15, 1991.

            usage: Today running the gauntlet is usually
            a verbal scourging and an occupational
            hazard of politicians and others in
            the public eye. In a more physical sense,
            it could be used appropriately of, say,
            canoeists going through the dangers of
            rapids.

            see also: to throw down the gauntlet, to
            take up the gauntlet

            gauntlet: to take up the gauntlet

            to accept a challenge
            See to throw down the gauntlet

            He had taken up the gauntlet that Europe
            had flung at the feet of America, as he had
            seen it in his youth, he had accepted his
            handicap, as he also saw it, and striven

            with faith and force.
            V. W. BROOKS, New England: Indian Summer, 1940,

            usage: literary
            gauntlet: to throw down the
            gauntlet

            to challenge someone

            In medieval times a knight challenging
            another to combat would throw his gauntlet,
            his mailed glove, on the ground. If
            his opponent picked it up, then the challenge
            had been accepted. The custom
            persisted through the years, the gauntlet
            being replaced by a gentleman's glove
            when a challenge to a duel was made.

            The expression to take up the gauntlet
            means 'to accept a challenge'.

            It was due to those English merchant
            adventurers, who, trying vainly to find a
            passage to China round the icy coasts of
            North Europe and North America, flung
            down the gauntlet to Spain, and drove
            their cockle boats into the heart of the
            Spanish Main.

            SIR ARTHUR BRYANT, The National Character,
            1934.

            [She] had thrown down her gauntlet to
            him, and he had not been slow in picking
            it up.

            ANTHONY TROLLOPE, The Last Chronicle of
            Barset, 1867.

            But how many of you managed to solve
            the mystery? When The Archers Editor
            Vanessa Whitburn threw down the gauntlet
            and challenged Addicts to name the
            character she would be bringing back, she
            found herself overwhelmed by the

            response.
            AMBRIDGE VILLAGE VOICE, Spring 1992.

            usage: literary

            see also: to take up the gauntlet

            gibberish: to talk gibberish
            to talk unintelligibly or in an obscure and
            meaningless way

                evince -p 100 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/en-idiomdict2.pdf &

            Hammer horror stories

            Disregarding cartoons, Count Dracula has appeared in 133 feature films
            and Frankenstein in ninety-one, according to a recent filmography. The
            living dead, mummies, werewolves, aliens - all are themes prominent in
            the cinema. Many of the plots and characters are drawn from literature,
            where there is a long tradition of the macabre. In the nineteenth century
            alone, within the conventions of the Gothic novel Mary Shelley published
            Frankenstein in 1818; Edgar Allan Poe followed her in mid-century with
            his Tales of the Grotesque and Arabesque, the Pit and the Pendulum and
            Murders in the Rue Morgue; Bram Stoker gave the world vampires and
            werewolves in Dracula (1897). The side of human nature that likes to be
            frightened by horror stories in film and print is doubtless the one that has
            seized on the macabre in human actions and preserved it in idioms.

            Superstitions have an element of the spooky about them. But why are the
            spirits of the Druids relevant? Where do graves come into shivering? What
            evil intent is associated with the left ear? For answers, see to touch wood,
            someone's just walked over my grave, my ears are burning.

            Body-snatching from graves has a long tradition behind it. Dissection
            of human corpses became legal in 1832. Soon afterwards, in 1845, Thackeray
            was referring to a skeleton in the cupboard and everyone knows
            Robert Louis Stevenson's 1886 novel The Strange Case of Dr Jekyll and
            Mr Hyde, since the inspiration for many films.

            Many other expressions record man's inhumanity to man. In some
            instances, there is doubt about the grisly etymology: perhaps it is not
            slitting people's noses or hastening their death from hanging (see to pay
            through the nose, to pull someone's leg) but a (slightly) less distasteful
            origin. In other cases, there is no doubt about the rigours of military
            punishments (to run the gauntlet) or the viciousness of American gang
            warfare (a hatchet job). It is hardly surprising that the pursuit of heresy
            by fanatical religious adherents made such an impact on popular consciousness
            that we have idioms today that stem from it (to haul somebody
            over the coals, a baptism of fire). See Rights for animals! (page 205) for
            the gruesome role animals sometimes play in idioms.

            The taste for the macabre has always been with us. The image of a
            sword hanging by a hair above its victim in the sword of Damocles finds
            an echo in The Pit and the Pendulum and modern-day chillers from Hollywood.
            Even dictionaries might frighten - try reading the entries referred
            to in this trailer, all alone, late one wild winter's night.
            94 + goalposts «

                evince -p 101 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/en-idiomdict2.pdf &

            A theory that convinces several etymolOgists
            says that gibberish comes from
            Geber, the name of an Arabian alchemist
            who lived in the eleventh century. He
            invented a strange terminology of his own
            so that his notes would not be understood
            if found, and in this way he avoided any
            accusation of heresy, which was punishable
            by death.

            Other scholars feel that this is an
            unlikely root since the word is not spelt
            geberish. Instead they advance a plausible,
            if much less entertaining, origin
            which says that gibberish comes from
            'gibber', a verb allied to 'jabber', meaning
            to speak rapidly and unintelligibly.
            The problem here is that gibberish came
            into use before 'gibber'. This forces an
            investigation into the origins of 'gibber'
            which might be traced to 'gabber' and
            'gabble', but do these bear any resemblance
            to gibberish? ...and so the
            debate continues.

            He repeated some gibberish, which by the

            sound seemed to be Irish.
            SMOLLEY.

            usage: Still familiar, despite its long
            history.

            see also: mumbo jumbo, a load of codswallop

            goalposts: to move the goalposts.

            to change the rules

            A recent expression borrowed from the
            sports field. Changing the rules, as by
            moving the goalposts during play and so
            reducing the possibility of success, seized
            the public imagination and it is now
            widely applied to any situation: a government
            bill, a marriage, etc.
            Julia moves the goalposts of her partnership
            slightly, Kate abandons them entirely.

            For both the effects are far reaching.
            GOOD HOUSEKEEPING, May 1992.

            usage: So frequently used in recent years
            that it is bordering on a cliché.

            goat: to get someone's goat

            to irritate, annoy someone

            The phrase came into use early this century
            in America where it was common for
            a highly strung racehorse to have a goat
            as a stable companion. Goats were
            thought to have a calming influence on
            nervy thoroughbreds. It seems that
            attempts were sometimes made to sabotage
            a horse's chance of success by stealing
            the goat the night before a big race,
            thus reducing the would-be champion to
            a State of agitation. This, at least, is the
            theory and, although it may be unconvincing,
            no better one has been advanced.

            [He] stopped at third with a mocking smile
            on his face which would have gotten the

            late Job's goat.
            CHRISTY MATHEWSON, Pitching, 1912.

            Are you deaf, or are you tryin' to get my

            goat?
            J. C. LINCOLN, Shavings, 1918.

            Why does nanny get their goat?
            HEADLINE, GUARDIAN, July 22, 1992.

            goose: to cook one's/someone's
            goose

            to ruin one's/someone's plans or chances
            of success

                evince -p 102 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/en-idiomdict2.pdf &

            A favourite story connected with this
            phrase attributes it to King Eric XIV of
            Sweden whose reign began in 1560.
            According to an old chronicle:

            The Kyng of Swedland coming to a towne
            of his enemyes with very little company,
            his enemyes, to slyghte his forces, did hang
            out a goose for him to shoote, but perceiving
            before nyghte that these fewe soldiers
            had invaded and sette their chiefe houlds
            on fire, they demanded of him what his
            intent was, to whom he replyed, 'To cook
            your goose!”

            Unfortunately, no copy remains of the
            old chronicle to testify to the antiquity of
            the legend and the expression does not
            seem to have been current before the
            middle of the nineteenth century, when it
            was used in a street ballad objecting to
            the attempts of Pope Pius IX to revive
            the influence of the Catholic church in
            England by the appointment of Cardinal
            Wiseman:

            If they come here we'll cook their goose
            The Pope and Cardinal Wiseman.

            Funk (1950) is not convinced by this
            explanation. He prefers the story
            recorded in to kill the goose that lays the
            golden eggs, where the aspirations of the
            greedy peasants are frustrated.

            'I'm quite sure,' he cried, 'that I could turn
            out something better than most of the stuff
            that gets published.'

            That remark would have cooked
            Oswald's literary goose with anybody who
            had experienced young literary genius, but

            Aunt Ursula was struck by it.
            RICHARD ALDINGTON, Soft Answers, 'Yes,
            Aunt', 1932.

            They say Max de Winter murdered his first
            wife. I always did think there was something
            peculiar about him. I warned that
            *goose> 95

            fool of a girl she was making a mistake,
            but she wouldn't listen to me. Well, she's

            cooked her goose now all right.
            DAPHNE DU MAURIER, Rebecca, 1938.

            usage: Colloquial. Used either of thwarting
            another's plans by design, or of suffering
            the unintentional results of one's own
            ill-judged actions.

            moore: to kill the goose which lays
            golden eggs

            to destroy a source of profit through
            greed

            In 1484 William Caxton translated into
            English a fable by Aesop which tells the
            tale of a peasant who had the good fortune
            to own a goose that laid golden eggs.
            In his hurry to become rich he cut the
            goose open to have all the eggs at once,
            thus butchering his source of future
            wealth. The moral Aesop intended was
            that of being content with one's fortune
            and guarding against greed. It entered
            English as the expression to kill the goose
            which lays the golden eggs, meaning 'to
            make excessive demands on a source of
            profit, such that it is ruined'.

            An altered form of the expression, the
            goose that lays the golden eggs, is also
            sometimes found to refer to a valuable
            source of income.

            We're all respectable householders - that's
            to say Tories, yes-men, and bumsuckers.
            Daren't kill the goose that lays the gilded
            eggs.

            GEORGE ORWELL, Coming Up for Air, 1939.
            These northern manufacturers were
            making money hand over fist to spend and
            invest. Pitt is scarcely to be blamed that he
            refused to kill the men that laid the golden
            96 + grapevine 
            eggs. For he saw in the swelling industrial
            wealth of the country his trump card

            against the Jacobin.
            SIR ARTHUR BRYANT, The Years of Endurance,
            1942.

                evince -p 103 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/en-idiomdict2.pdf &

            He went there without any particular
            object in view, impelled by the belief that
            somewhere in that large organisation was

            a goose who would lay eggs for him.
            EVELYN WAUGH, Put Out More Flags. 'Spring'.
            1942.

            For the communist city government,
            which owns a half share, McDonald's will
            be like the goose which laid golden eggs.
            No wonder then that the Chinese side has
            given its blessing to a McDonald's logo
            which shows McDonald's golden arches
            rising above the Tiananmen rostrum,
            where Mao Tse-Tung declared the

            founding of the communist republic.
            THE TIMES, April 24, 1992.

            usage: There are quite a lot of minor variations
            possible in the form and
            connotation: a promising business proposition
            might approvingly be referred to
            as a goose that lays a golden egg.

            through gossip, rumour; through an
            informal network of contacts

            'What God hath wrought' was the first
            telegraph message from Washington to
            Baltimore, sent by Samuel Morse on May
            24, 1844, in a demonstration of his new
            invention to Congress. The invention was
            welcomed with great excitement and
            companies rushed to erect telegraph
            lines. Hasty work often leaves a lot to
            be desired. An account of 1899 tells of a
            certain Colonel Bee who in 1859 had put
            a line up between Placerville and Virginia
            City. He used trees as poles but their
            movement stretched the wires until they
            fell in tangles to the ground. People
            referred to it jokingly as the 'grape-vine
            telegraph' because it looked like the wild
            vines found in California.

            During the American Civil War military
            commanders used the telegraph for
            messages from the front, but the telegraph
            system was also used to relay false
            information about battles and victories so
            that people were always unsure about the
            veracity of the news. Reports heard by
            the grapevine telegraph were rumours that
            may or may not have been true.

            Heard it through the grapevine.
            HEADLINE, TODAY, May 12, 1992.

            'In the end I found Emma Caulkin, who
            had heard about the job at a nanny group
            meeting,' she says. 'I pay Emma £130 a
            week, but if I was to do it all again, I'd
            just sign on with a few of the larger agencies.
            The manny grapevine is very

            effective!'
            TODAY. May 12, 1992.

            usage: By the grapevine is American;
            British English has both through and on
            the grapevine.

            grave: someone's just walked
            over my grave

            a remark on feeling an uninvoluntary
            shiver

            A sudden shivering sensation is often
            accompanied by the person declaring,
            'Someone's just walked over my grave.'
            An old wives' belief holds that the shivering
            is felt when the spot where one will
            eventually be buried is being trampled on
            - a reminder of mortality.

                evince -p 104 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/en-idiomdict2.pdf &

            Sometimes somebody would walk over my

            grave, and give me a creeping in the back.
            CHARLES KINGSLEY, Geoffrey Hamlyn, 1859.

            Joan shuddered - that ... convulsive
            shudder which old wives say is caused by
            a footstep walking over the place of our

            grave that shall be.
            HOLME LEE, Basil Godfrey's Caprice, 1868.

            groggy: to feel groggy
            to feel dizzy, unsteady, shaky

            Until 1971 the officers and men of the
            Royal Navy were entitled to a daily ration
            of rum. In 1740 Admiral Vernon, dubbed
            'Old Grog' because of the grogram cloak
            he always wore, started to issue rum
            diluted with water which the sailors called
            grog after him. Men who could not take
            their drink or perhaps drank others'
            rations as well as their own would end up
            feeling groggy or 'drunk'. Today the term
            could be used to describe someone suffering
            the after-effects of a party the night
            before but is more likely to be used of
            someone who was generally unwell.

            The pheasants would be up in the trees by
            then, roosting, and they'd be starting to
            feel groggy, and they'd be wobbling and
            trying to keep their balance and soon every
            pheasant that had eaten one single raisin

            would be a sitting target.
            COBUILD CORPUS.

            halcyon days @
            times of peace and tranquillity
            +» halcyon days+ 97
            The word halcyon comes from the Greek
            for kingfisher and is made up of hals (the
            sea) and kuo (to brood). It reflects the
            ancient Greek belief that kingfishers built
            nests for rearing their young which
            floated on the sea. Greek mythology tells
            of the goddess Halcyone who, beside herself
            with grief when her husband was
            drowned in a shipwreck, cast herself into
            the sea. The gods, moved by her
            devotion, brought him back to life,
            changing both Halcyone and her husband
            into kingfishers. Further, the gods said
            that from that time whenever kingfishers
            were brooding on their nests in the sea,
            the water would be kept calm and no
            storm would arise. According to legend,
            kingfishers bred on the seven days before
            and the seven days after the winter solstice.
            These were halcyon days, guaranteed
            to be calm and fair.

            And wars have that respect for his repose
            As winds for halcyons when they breed at

            sea.
            JOHN DRYDEN, Stanzas on Oliver Cromwell, 1658.

            It is always a test of character to be baffled
            and 'up against it', but the test is particularly
            severe when the adversity comes suddenly
            at the noon of a halcyon day which
            one has fatuously expected to endure to
            eternity.

            A. J, TOYNBEE, Trial on Civilization, 'The Present
            Point in History', 1948.

            They were halcyon days unaffected by the
            war, and a group of us evacuees spent our
            time after school hours enjoying the lovely

            Devon countryside.
            WOMAN AND HOME, June 1991.

            But the resorts reached their peak in the
            Sixties in a boom period that saw the birth
            of modern Newquay and its tourist monoculture,
            a time still fondly remembered by
            the older hoteliers as the 'halcyon days'
            before the birth of cheap foreign package

            holidays with guaranteed sunshine.
            OBSERVER, July 5, 1992.

            usage: Usually plural. A cliché.
            98 + hamactor +

                evince -p 105 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/en-idiomdict2.pdf &

            ham actor, a

            a poor actor with an exaggerated, unnatural
            style

            Speculation, all of it quite plausible,
            abounds over this little phrase. A favourite
            theory is that the term is an abbreviation
            of hamfatter, an American word
            dating from about 1875, which described
            seedy, second-rate actors who, through
            lack of money, were forced to use ham
            fat to clean off their make-up. A variation
            of this is that the ham fat was used as a
            base for burnt cork by touring minstrels
            wishing to black-up their faces. There was
            also a well-known song from the George
            Christie Minstrels days called 'Ham Fat',
            which was all about an amateurish actor:
            possibly the phrase came from this.

            Another theory refers to Hamish
            McCullough, nicknamed Ham and leader
            of a troupe known as Ham's Actors, who
            toured Illinois around the 1880s giving
            performances that were less than
            wonderful.

            If in doubt, try Shakespeare! Troilus
            and Cressida (1601) has in Act 1, scene
            iii:

            Like a strutting player, whose conceit
            Lies in his hamstring, and doth think it
            rich

            To hear the wooden dialogue and sound
            'Twixt his stretch'd footing and the scaffoldage.

            The unnatural, exaggerated gait that is
            typical of a poor actor, Shakespeare suggests,
            involves the excessive, peculiar
            exercising of the hamstring, a tendon
            forming part of the ham.

            Maclean plays a Spanish inquisitor trying
            to detect Jewish infiltrators with a plate of
            ham sandwiches. The 48-year-old vegetarian
            said: 'I've always been something

            of a ham actor.'
            TODAY. May 12, 1992.

            usage: The phrase can be reduced to the
            simple ham, with two different senses.
            One continues the derogatory meaning of
            ham actor but applies it to a third-rate performer
            of any kind. The other has no negative
            associations, in phrases like radio
            ham, a short-wave radio enthusiast.

            hang fire, to

            to be pending, delayed

            This is an expression from the use of fire
            arms. When the main charge in a gun was
            slow to ignite, the gun was said to be
            hanging fire. Now the term is used of
            someone slow to take decisive action on a
            matter to the frustration of all concerned.

            Leyden's Indian journey ... seems to

            hang fire.
            WALTER SCOTT, Letter to G. Ellis, December 7,
            1801.

            usage: Usually used of a decision or event
            that is delayed, but may be found refer-'
            ring to a person who is indecisive.

            see also: a flash in the pan

            hangdog look, a

            a shamefaced, guilty expression

            In medieval times animals which had
            caused harm or death were put on trial
            and, if found guilty, sentenced to death.
            The practice was common throughout
            Europe. In Savoy, in eastern France,
            in 1487, beetles were formally charged
            with the destruction of a vineyard and in
            Switzerland in the same century it was
            claimed that a cock had laid an egg and
            should therefore answer charges of sorcery.

                evince -p 106 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/en-idiomdict2.pdf &

            In an age when unhygienic conditions
            were widespread, it was only to be
            expected that dog bites would quite often
            prove fatal, thus bringing about a charge
            of murder.

            A hangdog look originally described
            the expression of someone considered fit
            to hang, like a dog, for his crimes, but
            has weakened to mean little more than
            'shamefaced'.

            'He, he!' tittered his friend, 'you are so so
            very funny!'

            'I need be,' remarked Ralph dryly, 'for
            this is rather dull and chilling. Look a little

            brisker, man, and not so hang-dog like.'
            CHARLES DICKENS, Nicholas Nickleby, 1838-9.

            usage: Hang-dog was frequent as a noun
            (Thackeray has: 'Paws off. You young
            hang-dog'), but it is now more commonly
            used adjectivally and without a hyphen.

            hanky-panky

            mild trickery; something improper; minor
            sexual impropriety

            The phrase is thought to come from hocus
            pocus, although the path is not entirely
            clear. See that entry.

            We've heard the tales of holiday
            hanky-panky. Your average male
            ski instructor is a preening, mirror-shaded
            hunk with a professional status one step
            up from a gigolo. Yet whatever their reputation,
            there is no doubt that many skiers
            are happy to entertain the possibility of a

            holiday fling with their instructor.
            WEEKEND TELEGRAPH, November 2, 1991.
            + hatchet job+ 99

            usage: The general sense of mild impropriety
            can be applied to a range of fields:
            naughtiness in a child, fiddling expenses,
            etc. Most commonly, with a humorous
            tone, it is applied to sexual misdemeanours
            of a minor kind.

            see also: hocus pocus

            hat: at the drop of a hat

            immediately, without hesitation or need
            for persuasion

            In the American frontier country dropping
            a hat was a signal that an event,
            especially a fighting bout, should begin.

            He lies. The typical American lies at the
            drop of a hat, as a way of life, about

            almost anything!
            RADIO BIBLE CLASS EUROPEAN NEWS, March
            1992.

            Gemini Unfortunately there is a chance
            that you can take your natural ability to
            communicate to extremes and exaggerate
            wildly at the drop of a hat. A little flowery
            detail never hurt anyone, but keep it within

            the bounds of reality, Gemini.
            AMBRIDGE VILLAGE VOICE. Spring 1992.

            hatchet job, a

            an attempt to kill or discredit a prominent
            person

            Hatchet jobs are carried out by hatchet
            men, agents hired for the sole purpose
            of performing some brutal, unpleasant or
            unethical task. The origins are said to lie
            in US gang warfare where large-city
            Chinese gangs would sometimes hire an
            assassin to hack a prominent member of
            100 ~~ haul someone over the coals +
            a rival gang to death with a hatchet.

                evince -p 107 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/en-idiomdict2.pdf &

            By
            1925 the term hatchet man was applied to
            any professional gunman and its use was
            later extended to refer to any journalist
            or politician's aide who by vicious use of
            words and information succeeded in ruining
            the reputation of a public, and usually
            political, figure.

            Joan Crawford's daughter published her
            vitriolic biography Mommie Dearest.
            Bing Crosby met a similar fate at the pen
            of one of his sons ... More recently
            Nancy Reagan has been accused of brutality
            by her daughter Patti... And I now
            read that Marlene Dietrich's daughter
            Maria Riva is to rush into print with what

            is said to be a hatchet job on her mother.
            DAILY MAIL, May 8, 1992.

            Inspection as a business, rather than a profession,
            will lead to operators providing a
            service which they think the customer
            wants and which they hope will get them
            further recommendations. Does the chairman
            of the governors want a hatchet job

            on the head teacher, or a whitewash?
            OBSERVER, September 15, 1991.

            usage: informal

            haul someone over the coals, to

            to give someone a severe reprimand

            This is a reference to the ordeal by fire.
            In the fifteenth and sixteenth centuries,
            heresy was regarded as a crime against
            society and punishable by death. One way
            of deciding the guilt of a heretic was to
            haul the suspect over a bed of glowing
            coals. A person who survived the ordeal
            escaped with severe burns but was
            declared innocent. Death meant that the
            person had been guilty of the charge.
            If this strike's not brought to an end before
            the General Meeting, the shareholders will

            certainly haul us over the coals.
            JOHN GALSWORTHY, Strife, 1909.

            Poor man, he really looked like death. |
            suppose he was mortally afraid that he'd
            get hauled over the coals for carelessness

            in leaving dangerous chemicals about.
            AGATHA CHRISTIE, Murder in Mesopotamia,
            1936.

            usage: A variety of verbs are found: to
            haul, rake, bring, fetch over the coals.
            Informal.

            havoc: to play/wreak havoc

            to devastate, destroy, spoil

            Havoc was borrowed from the Old
            French havot, meaning plunder. A shout
            of havoc was an order, a war cry, a signal
            for pillage and the seizure of spoil to
            begin. The phrase cry havoc from the
            Anglo-French crier havok is especially
            common in fifteenth- and sixteenthcentury
            texts, from its first use in 1419,
            recorded in Excerpta Historica.

            There are several references to havoc
            and cry havoc in Shakespeare's plays. In
            Henry IV Part I (Act V, scene i) we hear
            of 'pellmell, havoc and confusion', and in
            Julius Caesar (Act III, scene i) come the
            lines:

            . . . Caesar's spirit, ranging for revenge,

            With Ate by his side come hot from hell,
            Shall in these confines with a monarch's
            voice

            Cry, 'Havoc!' and let slip the dogs of war.

            The other part of the contemporary
            phrase, to wreak, also dates back to the
            fifteenth century with the sense of 'to
            give vent to, to carry out by way of
            punishment or revenge'.

                evince -p 108 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/en-idiomdict2.pdf &

            One could
            wreak resentment, vengeance, punishment,
            wrath or havoc. Over the centuries,
            to cry havoc died out, whereas to wreak
            tended to collocate more and more with
            havoc, hence the principal form of the
            contemporary expression.

            Foreign medical experts in the region say
            Aids could devastate the Pacific Island
            nations. 'In the past, a procession of
            whalers, slavers, traders and soldiers
            sowed havoc in these islands with measles,
            smallpox and sexually transmitted diseases,'
            said a foreign specialist.

            THE TIMES, September 4, 1991.

            I! don't like them taking their crayons to
            my white walls. I don't like them for not
            thinking about anybody but themselves.
            There are all sorts of attributes that we
            wouldn't tolerate for a moment in adults,
            yet children have carte blanche to wreak

            havoc.
            GOOD HOUSEKEEPING. July 1992.

            usage: To play havoc is a less formal
            alternative to to wreak havoc.

            haywire: to go haywire

            to go wrong, to be out of order; to go
            completely out of control

            The phrase originated early this century
            in America where haywire, it seems, is
            used to mend anything from tools to
            fences. One American authority claims
            that the properties of lazy farmers who
            cannot be bothered with permanent
            repairs are virtually held together with
            the stuff. Haywire rusts quickly and the
            result is an untidy and chaotic mess. Such
            places would be referred to as having
            gone haywire. It should be pointed out,
            + highanddry+ 101

            though, that this view is based on a meaning
            of to go haywire which has not permeated
            into British English, that of
            something being in general disorder, just
            cobbled together.

            Another American authority b bases his
            interpretation on the real purpose of haywire,
            which is to bind up bales of hay.
            Haywire is thin and easily bendable but
            it is also very strong, requiring cutters to
            break it. Once the tight wires wound
            around a bale have been snipped, however,
            they spring apart and writhe wildly
            and dangerously in the air, totally out of
            control.

            A third American source says the
            notion of general disorder and confusion
            alludes to the tangled mass of wire that is
            heaped in a corner of the yard once it has
            been cut off the bales.

            Whatever the final make-up of the England
            side, Botham's medium pace will be
            a vital component. If that goes haywire
            then the first outright risk this management
            have taken could leave them with egg on

            their faces.
            DAILY MAIL, August 8, 1991.

            usage: informal

            high and dry: to be left high and
            dry

            to be stranded; to be left out of things

            This is a nautical phrase from the early
            nineteenth century and is used to describe
            a ship that is left grounded when the tide
            goes out.

            He couldn't understand why people were
            impatient with him for saying very much
            the same sort of thing as he had been
            102 high jinks +

                evince -p 109 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/en-idiomdict2.pdf &

            saying for the last thirty years. The river
            has flowed on and left him high and dry
            on the bank. The writer has his little hour,

            but an hour is soon past.
            W. SOMERSET MAUGHAM, A Writer's Notebook,
            1949.

            '. . . the bus fare is 69p which is a very big
            addition to a pensioner''s shopping bill. We
            have been left high and dry. Surely Sainsbury's
            could provide a free minibus shuttle
            service between their old site and the new

            store?
            MID SUSSEX TIMES, September 27. 1991.

            Ruination-on-Sea left high and dry.

            Cornish Riviera reels as tourists stay away.
            HEADLINE, OBSERVER, July 5, 1992.

            high jinks
            excited, high-spirited behaviour

            The phrase, of Scottish origin, goes back
            to around the turn of the century and
            refers to pranks and frolics indulged in at
            drinking parties. One game was to throw
            dice to see who amongst the assembled
            company should drink a large bowl of
            liquor and who should then pay for it. A
            passage from Walter Scott suggests that
            high jinks was a game of forfeits:

            The frolicsome company had begun to
            practise the ancient and now forgotten pastime
            of high jinks. This game was played
            in several different ways. Most frequently
            the dice were thrown by the company, and
            those upon whom the lot fell were obliged
            to assume and maintain for a certain time,
            a certain fictitious character, or to repeat a
            certain number of fescennine verses in a
            particular order. If they departed from the
            characters assigned, or if their memory
            proved treacherous in the repetition, they
            incurred forfeits, which were compounded
            for by swallowing an additional bumper,
            or by paying a small sum toward the reckoning
            (Guy Mannering, 1815).

            They have no common language save sex,
            love, drink, and, of course, their art. He
            [the playwright] has high jinks with all this
            - at one point, in a magnificently comic
            coup de thé&tre, staging a dinner party
            where no two guests speak in the same

            native tongue.
            DAILY MAIL, August 7, 1991.

            usage: The earlier connotations of drunkenness
            and gambling have largely been

            lost. Today the idea is that of highspirited
            fun - which may, however, be
            irresponsible and insensitive to those
            around.

            Hobson's choice

            no alternative, no choice at all

            Thomas Hobson (1544-1631) ran a livery
            stable in Cambridge. Customers were
            never permitted to choose their own
            mount but were obliged to take Hobson's
            choice, which was always the horse nearest
            the stable door. As Hobson moved his
            horses round in rotation, he was thus able
            to ensure that every horse was worked
            fairly and that no animal was ridden too
            often.

            Hobson's name survives not only in this
            expression but in two epitaphs - by Milton,
            a student at Christ's College, Cambridge,
            at the time of Hobson's death,
            and in the street named after him in old
            Cambridge.

            Can any woman think herself happy,
            that's obliged to marry only with Hobson's

            choice?
            COLLEY CIBBER, The Non-Juror, 1718.

                evince -p 110 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/en-idiomdict2.pdf &

            hocus pocus

            something said, or done, to confuse or
            deceive; funny business; nonsense

            Hocus pocus are the first words of a sham
            Latin phrase (Hocus pocus, tontus
            talontus, vade cleriter jubes) that conjurors
            have murmured over their tricks
            since the early seventeenth century. It has
            been suggested that they might be a Puritan
            parody of the words of consecration
            in the Latin Mass (Hoc est corpus meum).
            According to Thomas Ady, in the time of
            King James I there was one particular
            man who called himself “The Kings
            Majesties most excellent Hocus Pocus' (A
            Candle in the Dark; or, A Treatise Concerning
            the Nature of Witches and Witchcraft,
            1656). He is generally thought to
            have been the author of the Latin phrase,
            taking his name from it.

            An alternative etymology, which has
            some merit, is proposed by Todd in his
            late eighteenth-century edition of Dr
            Johnson's monumental Dictionary of the
            English Language (1755). A famous
            Italian juggler, Ochus Bochus, gained
            such a reputation that other jugglers, and
            then conjurors, repeated his name over
            their tricks - perhaps for luck or to
            impress a gullible public. Early uses of the
            phrase are, indeed, often in the context of
            jugglers rather than conjurors, as here:

            One of the greatest pieces of legerdemain,
            with which jugglers hocus the vulgar
            (Nalson).

            It could be, however, that the conjurors
            were invoking a much older power. A
            note to the Dragon King in James Fitzgerald
            Pennie's Britain's Historical
            Drama of 1832 tells us that Ochus Bochus
            was in fact a magician and demon among
            the Saxons, dwelling in forests and caves
            * hocus pocus+ 103

            (the name still extant, according to one
            etymology, in the Somerset place name
            Wookey Hole, near Wells). Who, then,
            knows what dark powers are being called
            upon?

            The reduced form of the phrase, hocus,
            used as a verb, shows the origin of our
            contemporary hoax. It is thought that
            hanky-panky may also come from this
            root.

            The phrase has had various interesting
            developments in America. Hokum, 'nonsense',
            is apparently a blend of hocus and
            bunkum. It dates from 1917. A hokeypokey
            man is a salesman of cheap ice
            cream or confectionery that masquerades
            as something better than it is. This sweet
            delight crossed the Atlantic and was
            known in Victorian England.

            On Hocas Pocas
            Here Hocas lyes with his tricks and his
            knocks,
            Whom death hath made sure as a juglers
            box;
            Who many hath cozen'd by his leigerdemain,
            Is presto convey'd and here underlain.
            Thus Hocas he's here, and here he is not,
            While death plaid the Hocas, and brought

            him to th' pot.
            WITTS RECREATIONS, 1654.

            Our author is playing hocus-pocus (hoodwinking
            his readers) in the very similitude

            he takes from that juggler.
            RICHARD BENTLEY, A Dissertation on the Epistles
            of Phalaris, 1699.

            The hostess was too adroit at that hocuspocus
            of the table which often is practised
            in cheap boarding-houses. No one could
            conjure a single joint through a greater

            variety of forms.
            WASHINGTON IRVING, c1820.
            104

                evince -p 111 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/en-idiomdict2.pdf &

            People

            There are quite a few people immortalised in English idioms. The stories
            behind Hobson's choice and Keeping up with the Joneses are dealt with in
            detail under the appropriate entry. As queer, tight or fine as Dick's hatband
            were originally taunts or insults referring to Richard Cromwell, son of
            Oliver and Lord Protector from 1658-59, who never wore a crown.

            We do not have such precise information on the origins of other
            expressions. Who is Jack Robinson? Before you can say Jack Robinson
            was first used in print by Fanny Burney in Evelina in 1778, in a way that
            suggests the expression was well-known. A few years later, in 1811, Grose
            in his Dictionary of the Vulgar Tongue claims it originated from 'a very
            volatile gentleman of that appellation, who would call on his neighbours,
            and be gone before his name could be announced'. There are other ideas
            that it might come from an old play, or have been made popular, at least,
            by a poem of Thomas Hudson's called Jack Robinson. But for all this
            speculation, we are really none the wiser about who precisely Jack Robinson
            was - he's just been a very popular character for over two hundred
            years.

            every Tom, Dick and Harry: This trio dates back to at least 1815 in
            America, but alternative forms of the phrase, with variations on the names
            used, are earlier. The obvious explanation is the best one: the commonest
            names denote the man in the street, or that archetype of normality, the
            man on the Clapham omnibus.

            More fancifully, there might be a rather sinister explanation. Harry, as
            in Old Harry, has for centuries referred to the devil. Similarly, so has
            Dick - Heywood uses it thus in his Edward IV of 1599. It has been
            relatively interchangeable over four hundred years with dickens, which is
            still as familiar to us today as it was to Shakespeare in The Merry Wives
            of Windsor in 1601: I cannot tell what the dickens his name is. Tom,
            however, has no known diabolical links, which tends to make this theory
            fall apart. What a shame we do not have a trio of idiomatic euphemisms
            for Old Nick himself !

            It's always nice to have the support of a famous person for our own views.
            So it's not surprising that we use the name of authorities and experts in
            certain set phrases and associate them with our own opinions.
            105

                evince -p 112 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/en-idiomdict2.pdf &

            according to Cocker: A certain Mr Cocker wrote a mathematics textbook
            that was popular in British schools for many years. So if anything was
            described as according to Cocker it must be right and correct in all areas,
            not simply mathematics. But as Cocker's textbook hasn't been used for
            years now, this phrase is restricted primarily to older people.

            according to Gunter: In America there is a parallel phrase according to
            Gunter. Mr Gunter was another mathematician who in the early seventeenth
            century invented the standard measure for surveyors. This is
            twenty-two yards long, divided into a hundred links, and called Gunter's
            Chain. From this grew the American phrase meaning 'correctly, accurately'.

            Authorities in other fields have made their idiomatic mark. Edmond
            Hoyle's definitive statement of the rules of whist (1742) provided us with
            according to Hoyle, which now has the wider sense of 'according to the
            rules'.

            Conversely, some people commemorated in idioms have an unsavoury
            reputation that it is not pleasant to be associated with. Who wants to be
            described as a nosey parker? It is likely that this expression refers back to
            a specific person - Matthew Parker, the Archbishop of Canterbury under
            Elizabeth I, is the prime candidate. However, it could be connected with
            a dialectal verb to pauk, meaning 'to be inquisitive', or (as one eminent
            etymologist suggests) with a park-keeper (a parker) officiously spying on
            everything going on in his domain. Other characters are inventions of
            fiction or age-old figures made known to us through the Bible.

            a Mrs Grundy: Quite a lot of these phrases come from literature. Mrs
            Grundy, for instance, is mentioned repeatedly in Thomas Morton's play
            Speed the Plough, first produced in 1800, but she never appears on stage.
            The other characters constantly wonder what she will think or say, as she
            is the type of lady who takes a rather narrow, very moral view of things.
            She is somebody to be feared. As a poet once said: 'And many are afraid
            of God, and more of Mrs Grundy.'

            a Jeremiah: The Bible provides us with similar sorts of expressions. Jeremiah,
            the Old Testament prophet, is popularly considered to be a foreteller
            of doom and disaster. Although his reputation for laments and
            mournfulness is not really justified, that is the way we look at him today
            and, by association, how we view anyone we call a Jeremiah.

            From the Greek tradition, Cassandra is renowned as a similar prophet
            of doom.
            106 + hog

                evince -p 113 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/en-idiomdict2.pdf &

            usage: The phrase is often hyphenated.
            Usually used disapprovingly, because of
            the connotations of trickery.

            see also: hanky-panky

            hog: to go the whole hog

            to do something thoroughly

            A number of theories have been
            advanced for this phrase and there is also
            some uncertainty as to whether it was
            coined in America or England. Although
            written use occurred first in the US in
            1828 and in England soon after, there is
            no way of knowing on which side of the
            Atlantic it first gained spoken currency.

            Speculation over the country of origin
            is not clarified by the fact that, in the last
            century, a hog was a slang term for a ten
            cent piece in America but also for an Irish
            shilling, so that, according to one theory,
            to go the whole hog meant to be willing
            to spend the whole amount on something.
            As Brandreth aptly comments, this would
            make the phrase a close relation of in for
            a penny, in for a pound.

            The poet Cowper apparently enjoyed
            popularity on both sides of the Atlantic
            and Funk (1950) suggests that a likely
            origin is to be found in one of his poems,
            The Love of the World Reproved: or
            Hypocrisy Detected (1779), in which he
            discusses the strictures Muslims placed
            upon the eating of pork. Mohammed prohibited
            his followers from eating certain
            parts of a pig but was singularly unclear
            about what these were. Muslims were
            wont to interpret his decree according to
            their own personal taste so that, between
            them, the whole hog was devoured:
            Had he the sinful part express'd,

            They might with safety eat the rest;

            But for one piece they thought it hard
            From the whole hog to be debar'd;
            And set their wit at work to find

            What joint the prophet had in mind.
            Much controversy straight arose,

            These choose the back, the belly those;
            By some 'tis confidently said

            He meant not to forbid the head;

            While others at that doctrine rail,

            And piously prefer the tail.

            Thus, conscience freed from every clog,
            Mahometans eat up the hog.

            Each thinks his neighbour makes too free,
            Yet likes a slice as well as he:

            With sophistry their sauce they sweeten,
            Till quite from tail to snout 'tis eaten.

            A final theory - in Men and Manners in
            America, dating from the first half of the
            nineteenth century - is sure of the American
            origin. It claims that it was a term
            used by butchers in Virginia who would
            ask their customers whether they wanted
            to go the whole hog or buy only parts of
            the animal. The phrase was popularly
            used in the wider context of thoroughness
            in radical reform or democratic principle.

            Don't you think it would be more interesting
            if you went the whole hog and drew

            him warts and all?
            W. SOMERSET MAUGHAM, Cakes and Ale, 1930.

            He was rich, but he had refrained from
            going the whole hog and becoming a
            millionaire, and he showed the same spirit

            of restraint in his style of living.
            JOHN WAIN, Hurry on Down, 1953.

            usage: informal

                evince -p 114 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/en-idiomdict2.pdf &

            hold the fort, to

            to take care of things, take over briefly

            'Hold the fort, for I am coming,' is popularly
            believed to be the message that General
            William Tecumseh Sherman
            signalled to fellow Union General John
            Murray Corse as he faced a Confederate
            attack at Allatoona Pass on October 5,
            1864, during the American Civil War.
            What the signal from the top of Kenesaw
            Mountain really read was 'Hold out,
            relief is coming', but the misquote caught
            popular imagination and soon appeared
            in the spoken and written word. Philip
            Paul Bliss wrote the words into the chorus
            of a well-loved gospel hymn:

            Ho my comrades! See the signal,
            Waving in the sky!
            Reinforcements now appearing,
            Victory is nigh!

            'Hold the fort, for I am coming,'
            Jesus signals still.

            Wave the answer back to heaven,
            'By thy grace we will.'

            It was widely used in evangelistic meetings
            in England in the 1870s.

            Daniel went to Cambridge to open the new
            business, Alexander held the fort in
            London, and on the tenth of November
            the British Museum acknowledged the

            receipt of their first publication.
            C. MORGAN, The House of Macmillan, 1943.

            I began to search the flat to see if I could
            find a key, but I did this without much
            hope of success. I was of course perfectly

            certain that Sadie had done this on purpose.
            She wanted me, for reasons of her

            own, to hold the fort all day, and her
            method of making sure that I did so was

            to keep me a prisoner.
            IRIS MURDOCH, Under the Net, 1954.
            -hook+ 107
            hole: to be in a hole

            to find oneself in difficulty; to have financial
            problems

            An American source quotes evidence
            from John P. Quinn's book Fools of Fortune
            (1892) to support his theory that this
            is a nineteenth-century American phrase
            and comes from the poker tables in a
            gambling den. The owners of the joint, it
            seems, had the right to a percentage of
            the money put down in stakes. For this
            purpose, each table had a 'hole' or slot in
            its centre. The proprietor's due was
            posted through this and collected in a
            locked drawer beneath.

            Although the expression can be used to
            describe being in difficulty of any kind, it
            is especially used in the context of financial
            problems. This theory would fit in
            with this meaning, the allusion being to a
            gambler who eventually finds he has put
            more money in the hidden drawer than
            he has left to his name.

            Lawyers, even the most respectable, have
            been known to embezzle their clients'

            money when they themselves are in a hole.
            AGATHA CHRISTIE, Murder in the Mews, 'Dead
            Man's Mirror', 1925.

            We were in an awful hole, you know.
            We'd made all sorts of preparations for his
            coming of age, and I'd issued hundreds
            of invitations. Suddenly George said he

            wouldn't come. I was simply frantic.
            W. SOMERSET MAUGHAM, First Person Singular,
            'The Alien Corn', 1931.

            usage: familiar

            hook: by hook or by crook

            using every possible means, honest or dishonest,
            to achieve something
            108

                evince -p 115 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/en-idiomdict2.pdf &

            The Old Curiosity Shop of Linguistics

            Preserving old words

            Delving into the etymology of words, and particularly idioms, has been
            aptly described by the chairman of Harvard's Department of Linguistics
            as the Old Curiosity Shop branch of linguistic research. One French etymologist
            entitled his book The Museum of French Expressions. In that
            shop or museum, there are some antiques that can no longer be found in
            normal life (or language). Here are three examples:

            To leave in the lurch: The old French lourche is the probable origin of a
            medieval card game, lourche in French and Jurcio in Italian, which was
            somewhat similar to backgammon. On its arrival in England, some of
            the vocabulary associated with it was translated into English: il demoura
            lourche became 'he was left in the lurch, he was so far behind that he had
            no hope of winning'. This type of anglicisation is a common linguistic
            process; see bandy about for the international travels and shifts of meaning
            of the early French tennis term bander.

            The original context of use was extended slightly when the phrase was
            employed to describe the player of cribbage (a newly invented game)
            whose opponent had reached sixty-one when he had not yet reached
            thirty-one: he was left in the lurch - a hopeless situation. In time, the
            usage widened much further and any sense of the origin in card games
            was lost. The meaning, too, generalised to the contemporary 'to be abandoned
            in difficulty'.

            To be on one's mettle: The word 'mettle' originally meant 'temperament,
            character, spirit' or even 'courage'. It is widely used in Shakespeare: he
            describes one of his characters as a Corinthian, a lad of mettle: in other
            words a man of some character. To be on one's mettle today has a related
            sense of 'to be in a position where one must do one's best, do one's
            utmost, make every effort'. In other words, in a position where one can
            show one's character, one's mettle.

            The words mettle and metal were used indiscriminately in spelling and
            meaning in early editions of Shakespeare's plays. The common core of
            sense is that metal (or mettle) refers to the steel of the sword blade: mettle
            (or metal) refers to its temper. A tempered character is as strong as
            tempered steel. Today, mettle is an antique exhibit only on display in to
            be on one's mettle; metal is very common, but only with the narrower

            " sense of iron, copper, etc.
            109

                evince -p 116 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/en-idiomdict2.pdf &

            the Blue Riband of the Atlantic: The Blue Ribbon usually forms part of a
            larger phrase, such as the Blue Ribbon of the Turf. In the Blue Ribbon of
            the Atlantic only, it has an alternative form, the Blue Riband of the Atlantic.
            This became popular in the first half of this century when great liners
            such as the Queen Mary and the United States vied with each other to be
            quickest across the Atlantic. With the decline of the great passenger ships
            of those earlier years, not surprisingly the expression itself is rarely heard
            and used today. There is no difference in meaning or connotation between
            ribbon and riband in the phrase.

            Lurch and mettle are like loggerheads and scot-free (and still others in
            this dictionary): they are only used in common idioms. Riband is rather
            different, in that the very idiom in which it finds its unique use is now
            dying out.

            Alliteration

            We are very fond in English of alliterative expressions, that is, words
            which repeat the same letter. Spick and span is one example in this book.
            There are plenty more like that, where antiques are left over from a
            previous generation.

            might and main: With might and main or by might and main are the usual
            forms. The word main is a synonym of might, with the sense of 'strength
            and force'. It is preserved only in this fixed phrase, thanks to the power
            of alliteration.

            rack and ruin: Similarly with this expression. Ruin we use today, rack we
            don't. It comes in fact from the word wreck - of a ship, for example.
            Again, it is a synonym of the other word in its doublet. So for emphasis
            and added effect we have rack and ruin, with the current idiomatic phrase
            containing an old word unused elsewhere.

            kith and kin: Here the phrase is probably more frequent than either noun
            in it taken individually, although kin still has some currency in its own
            right. Kith means one's friends and neighbours, rather than one's blood
            relations, one's kin. Interestingly, the contemporary meaning of kith and
            kin has narrowed to mean only one's relatives. John Galsworthy was using
            it in this way in 1920 when Jn Chancery was published: Its depleted bins
            preserved the record of family festivity: all the marriages, births, deaths of
            his kith and kin.
            110

                evince -p 117 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/en-idiomdict2.pdf &

            The Old Curiosity Shop of Linguistics continued

            In the cases above and some below, the idioms owe their preservation to
            alliteration. In several of the following instances, rhyme and emphasis
            preserve little-used words in fixed phrases:

            chop and change humming and hawing
            part and parcel by hook or by crook
            scot and lot jot or tittle

            neck or nothing ever and anon

            hither and thither to and fro

            beck and call cut and run

            hammer and tongs hard and fast

            hole and corner hue and cry
            sackcloth and ashes stuff and nonsense

            Preserving old meanings

            So far the examples have been of words that are used mainly or exclusively
            in idioms. The two instances that follow are words very commonly
            employed on their own. However, in certain idioms they preserve an old
            sense that has been lost in wider usage.

            mind: The word mind, for instance, used to mean 'memory', so when we
            say to keep in mind or to call to mind, we are saying we are 'keeping it in
            memory, we are calling it to our memory'. And time out of mind means
            'so long ago that no one can remember it'.

            Mind didn't only mean 'memory', it also meant 'intention' or 'purpose',
            so when we use the phrases to know one's own mind, or to change one's
            mind, to be in two minds, to have a mind to do something, we are referring
            to this earlier meaning.

            pain: Similarly, the word pain. Today it means 'physical suffering', such
            as the hurt you experience when you cut yourself with a knife, but it does
            have earlier senses. For instance, it meant 'punishment'. So when we use
            the phrases under pain of death or on pain of death, we are actually saying
            'on the punishment of death'.

            Pain had a second sense in earlier years of 'trouble' or 'effort'. So
            the expressions to take great pains to do something, or to be at pains
            to do something or for one's pains, all refer to the trouble or effort
            that it costs us.

                evince -p 118 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/en-idiomdict2.pdf &

            The hook is thought to be a bill-hook and
            the crook a shepherd's crook. A law from
            feudal times permitted the poor to gather
            firewood from nearby forests, but in
            order to prevent the indiscriminate felling
            and lopping of trees and branches, peasants
            were only allowed to take dead wood
            and what they could cut using their hooks
            and crooks. The Bodmin Register for
            1525 says that 'Dynmure Wood was open
            to the inhabitants of Bodmin . . . to bear
            away upon their backs a burden of lop,
            hook, crook, and bag wood.'

            So what with hoke and what with croke

            They make her maister ofte winne.
            JOHN GOWER, Confessio Amantis Bk V,1 c1390.

            Nor will suffer this book
            By hook ne by crook

            Printed for to be.
            JOHN SKELTON, Colin Clout 1523.

            Up the stone steps to the Hall he bounded,
            and only on the Hall's threshold was
            he brought to pause. The doorway
            was blocked by the backs of youths who
            had by hook and crook secured

            standing-room.
            MAX BEERBOHM, Zuleika Dobson, 1912.

            If she could not have her way, and get Jon
            for good and all, she felt like dying of
            privation. By hook or crook she must and

            could get him!
            JOHN GALSWORTHY, To Let, 1921.

            hook, line and sinker

            completely, totally

            This phrase is often, though not always,
            prefixed by 'to swallow' and refers to a
            person's extreme gullibility. The allusion
            is to the fish who, not crafty enough to
            recognise the bait on the hook for what it
            is, swallows it trustingly, and then goes
            shook+ 111

            on blindly to take in the line and sinker
            (weight) at the same time. Len Deighton
            appropriately chose Hook, Line and
            Sinker as the title for a trilogy of novels
            exploring the treachery and deceit of the
            world of the spy.

            Another phrase meaning 'completely'
            and using a string of connected nouns to
            the same effect is lock, stock and barrel.
            Its sense is different, however, as it does
            not refer to a person's easy credulity but
            means 'everything in its entirety'.

            A couple of private dicks that you don't
            know anything about show up with a cockand-bull
            story, and you swallow it hook,
            line, and sinker.

            ERLE STANLEY GARDNER, The Case of the Stuttering
            Bishop, 1936.

            You, my dear Charles, whether you realise
            it or not, have gone straight, hook, line
            and sinker, into the very worst set in the
            University. You may think that, living in
            digs, I don't know what goes on in Col
            lege; but I hear things.
            EVELYN WAUGH, Brideshead Revisited, 1945.

            America, they tell us, was there all along,
            complete with happily innocent North
            American Indians, South American
            Indians and, in the far north, the Eskimo.
            But you are no longer allowed to call them
            that. Native North Americans and South
            Americans, if you please. And Eskimo is
            no longer Pfolitically] Cforrect] either
            . . » We must henceforth say Inuit, a word
            meaning simply 'person' in the Eskimo sorry
            Inuit - language; and I am sorry to
            report that respected speakers on the BBC
            are swallowing it. Raw. Hook, line and

            sinker.
            FRITZ SPIEGL, Weekend Telegraph, March 28, 1992.

            see also: lock, stock and barrel
            112 «+ horse +

                evince -p 119 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/en-idiomdict2.pdf &

            horse: from the horse's mouth

            from an original or reputable source, on
            good authority

            Before the 1930s when it came to refer to
            any kind of evidence given on the best
            authority, this expression was a piece of
            racing slang meaning 'a hot tip'. It alludes
            to the fact that a horse's age can be discovered
            just by inspecting its teeth. A
            dealer may twist the truth but the evidence
            in the horse's mouth is absolutely
            reliable.

            Each of them carried a_ note-book,
            in which, whenever the great man spoke,
            he desperately scribbled. Straight from the

            horse's mouth. It was a rare privilege.
            ALDOUS HUXLEY, Brave New World, 1932.

            The friends expressed anger at the portrayal
            of the prince in the book, which they
            say is one-sided. 'Most of the book is completely
            true; it comes from the horse's
            mouth,' said one. 'But it paints the Princess
            of Wales as perfect and gives a distorted
            picture of the prince.'
            THE SUNDAY TIMES, June 28, 1992.

            usage: Regularly strengthened to straight
            from the horse's mouth.

            see also: long in the tooth

            hour: at the eleventh hour

            at the very last moment

            The Gospel of Matthew records the parable
            of the labourers (Matthew 20:1-—16).
            It tells of a householder who went out
            one morning to hire men to work in his
            vineyard. He took men on at different
            times throughout the day right up until
            the eleventh hour. When the men were
            paid, however, the householder gave
            them all the same wage even though those
            hired at the eleventh hour had done only
            one hour's work. By this illustration Jesus
            was saying that God accepts everyone
            who comes to him on equal terms,
            whether they have spent a lifetime obeying
            him or approach him just before
            death, at the eleventh hour, at the last
            possible moment.

            Sandybay had discovered, at the eleventh
            hour, that The Good Companions were
            offering it an unusually good show. Ten
            minutes before the performance began all
            the unreserved seats were filled and there
            were numbers of people standing at each

            side and at the back.
            J. B. PRIESTLEY, The Good Companions, 1929.

            From the abstract the theories looked
            identical. Darwin ran the risk of being

            beaten at the eleventh hour.
            BBC 1, Timewatch, 'Charles Darwin - Devil's Chaplain',
            October 2, 1991.

            hunch: to have a hunch

            to have an intuitive feeling about
            something

            This is an American gamester's term from
            the turn of the century. According to a
            gambling superstition, touching a hunchback's
            hump brought good luck. But
            recognition of the hunchback's powers
            did not originate then. Belief that these
            people were inspired by the devil to see
            into the future had been circulating for
            hundreds of years.

            'Too bad I loaded the gun with blanks.' I
            grinned nastily. 'I had a hunch about what

            she would do - if she got the chance.'
            RAYMOND CHANDLER, The Big Sleep, 1939.

                evince -p 120 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/en-idiomdict2.pdf &

            'On a hunch he bought a Polish horse,
            Rumak, which was untried. Last
            December Rumak won the world championships
            in Paris and it proved Paolo was
            right.'

            DAILY MAIL, September, 1991.

            ice: to break the ice

            to break down social awkwardness and
            formality

            This idiom is at least five hundred years
            old. It is not unique to English, but is
            found in other European languages also.
            The allusion is thought to be to the hard
            ice that formed on European rivers in
            severe winters centuries ago. In years
            gone by it was indeed possible to skate
            on the Thames. But ice was not enjoyed
            by those whose livelihood depended on
            plying a small boat up and down the river.
            Their first task was that of breaking it up
            so that work could begin.

            Originally the expression was used to
            mean just that, making a start on a project.
            Gradually it came to mean
            embarking upon a relationship and
            breaking down the natural reserve one
            feels in the presence of strangers.

            On things that are tender and unpleasing,
            it is good to break the ice, by some whose
            words are of less weight, and to reserve
            the more weighty voice, to come in, as by
            chance.

            FRANCIS BACON, Essays: Of Cunning, 1597.
            Recently my friend and I were standing at
            the bar in a club, when two blokes came
            up and stood beside us. Suddenly one of
            them snatched the ice bucket off the end
            of the bar, tipped all the ice cubes on to
            the floor and started vigorously jumping
            up and down on them. My friend and I
            + irons in the fire» 113

            looked at each other in amazement. When
            the bloke stopped jumping he turned
            round to us and said: 'Right, now that
            that's broken the ice between us - would
            you two care to join us for a drink?' How

            could we refuse?
            CHAT, October 1991,

            irons in the fire: to have too many/
            other irons in the fire

            to have too many/other projects in hand,
            undertakings to be attended to

            Someone with other irons in the fire has a
            choice of projects he can turn his attention
            to. If he has too many irons in the
            fire he has too many plans and cannot pay
            sufficient attention to any of them.

            Some authorities say the phrase is from
            the smithy where the efficient blacksmith
            has several irons in the fire ready for
            when he needs them. Others say it alludes
            to the industrious laundress who would
            keep two or three flat irons heating in
            the fire for when the one she was using
            cooled. If she had too many irons in the
            fire she might find that some had become
            too hot and scorched the clothes instead
            of smoothing them. The second of the
            two allusions is generally preferred and
            seems to fit the different shades of meaning
            well.

            He was always busy, always had twenty
            different irons in the fire at once, was
            always fresh, clear-headed, never tired.
            He was also always unpunctual, always
            untidy.

            ALDOUS HUXLEY, Antic Hay, 1923.

            I have other things to do, Paula, other
            irons in the fire, and I really should be

            getting back.
            ERLE STANLEY GARDNER, The DA Takes a
            Chance, 1956.
            114 - ivory tower 
                evince -p 121 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/en-idiomdict2.pdf &

            ivory tower, an

            a sheltered existence away from the problems
            and realities of life

            The French romantic poet, playwright
            and novelist Alfred de Vigny led a life
            of disappointment and frustration. In his
            later years he withdrew from society and
            became very solitary, although he continued
            to write. In a poem, Pensées
            d'Aoat (1837), the critic Sainte-Beuve
            called Vigny's isolated existence his tour
            d'ivoire (ivory tower).

            The phrase is regularly used of academics
            who have a reputation of living in
            a world separate from the harsh realities
            of life.

            There is no denying his ability to turn a
            moribund establishment upside down,
            inflicting the demands of commerce upon

            the inhabitants of an ivory tower.
            OBSERVER REVIEW, July 28, 1991.

            Experience has taught her not to trust in
            or confide in members of the royal family.
            She realises that blood ties matter most.
            As a result she has kept a deliberate distance
            from her in-laws, skirting round
            issues, avoiding confrontations and locking
            herself away in her ivory tower. It has
            been a double-edged sword as she has
            failed to build any bridges, so essential ina
            closed world infected by family and office
            politics.

            ANDREW MORTON, Diana: Her True Story, 1992.

            usage: Often used adjectivally: an ivory
            tower existence or approach. Also com
            monly to live in an ivory tower.

            see also: to live in cloud cuckoo land
            Janus-faced
            hypocritical

            Janus was a Roman deity and guardian of
            the gate of heaven (hence, god of gates
            and doors). Having two faces, he was able
            to look ahead and behind at the same
            time. People who are hypocritical have
            long been described as having two faces.
            In his Sermons (1550), Thomas Lever
            writes: 'These flatterers be wonders perilous
            fellowes, hauynge two faces under one
            hoode.' It is easy to see how the deity
            depicted with two faces came to be linked
            with the idea of hypocrisy.
            See two-faced.

            Labour had a 'Janus-faced attitude' and
            there was no scope for even a 'fraction of

            Labour's reckless spending promises'.
            THE SUNDAY TIMES, November 10, 1991.

            usage: literary

            Joneses: to keep up with the
            Joneses

            to endeavour to keep up financially and
            socially with one's friends and neighbours

            February 1913 saw the first publication of
            a comic strip called Keeping up with the
            Joneses which was to run for twenty-eight
            years and find publication in a number
            of newspapers throughout the US. The
            subject of the strip was its writer, Arthur
            R. Momand, who based it on his own
            family's struggles to manage on a limited
            income whilst maintaining a show of
            material affluence in keeping with the
            neighbourhood. Momand explains in a
            personal letter to C. E. Funk, quoted in
            Funk (1955):

                evince -p 122 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/en-idiomdict2.pdf &

            We had been living far beyond our means
            in our endeavour to keep up with the wellto-do
            class which then lived in Cedarhurst.
            / also noted that most of our friends were
            doing the same; the $10,000-a-year chap
            was trying to keep up with the $20,000-ayear
            man.

            I decided it wquld make good comicstrip
            material, so sat down and drew up
            six strips. At first I thought of calling it
            Keeping up with the Smiths, but finally
            decided on Keeping up with the Joneses
            as being more euphonious.

            My father might have cared more than I
            did what the Joneses thought, but at least
            he was far from worrying himself sick try
            ing to 'keep up with the Joneses'.
            J. B. PRIESTLEY, 'The Bradford Schoolmaster' in
            The Listener, July 23, 1959,

            In their early Republican commonwealth
            the Romans would not tolerate private
            ambitions thirsting for unusual social distinction.
            Energies now spent on 'keeping
            up with the Joneses' in clothes, furnishings
            and accessories had to find other outlets in

            ancient Rome.
            F. R. COWELL, Cicero and the Roman Republic,
            cl960.

            jump the gun, to

            to be hasty in embarking upon a course
            of action

            Running races are started by a pistol
            being fired into the air. An athlete who,
            in anticipation, starts to run before the
            gun sounds is guilty of jumping the gun.

            'l am certainly not engaged. The divorce
            isn't going to be very nice at all. Marriage
            is not on the cards - that would be jumping

            the gun. We haven't talked about it.'
            DAILY MAIL, September 12, 1991.
            + keep something/someone at bay+ 115

            usage: familiar

            keep something/someone at bay,
            to

            to keep someone/something out or at a
            safe distance

            One source finds the origin of the term in
            the significance the ancients attached to
            the bay tree, which has been perceived
            over millennia as warding off harm or
            keeping it at bay. The Romans and
            Greeks singled this plant out for its protective
            qualities. Noting that lightning
            never seemed to strike the bay laurel, the
            ancients took to wearing its leaves on
            their heads during thunderstorms. Some
            of the Roman emperors wore wreaths of
            bay as a protective charm. In later centuries
            bay trees were planted near houses
            to offer the household their protection.

            The same source claims that the hysterical
            population of London turned to
            the bay laurel when the Great Plague
            swept through the city in 1665. It is certainly
            true that herbs were relied upon for
            remedy by the desperate populace. In A
            Compendyous Regyment (1567) Borde
            recommends herbs to disinfect the air
            should a plague strike: '. . . in such infeccyous
            tyme it is good for every man...
            to use dayly, specyally in ye mornyng and
            evenyng to burne Juneper, or Rosemary,
            or Baye leves, or Majerome or frankensence.'
            But other herbs are also thought to
            be efficacious and there is no real evidence
            to suppose that the bay was looked
            upon as being especially so. It is unlikely,
            then, that this is the origin of the
            expression to keep at bay.

            A totally supportable alternative is that
            the phrase is connected to an Old French
            word abai, meaning 'barking of hounds in
            116 - kettle of fish 
            a pack'.

                evince -p 123 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/en-idiomdict2.pdf &

            The English word 'baying', as of
            hunting hounds, shares this root. There
            are a number of Old French idioms connected
            with stag hunting which come
            from this same source, for example rendre
            les abois and étre aux abois. They are used
            when a hunted stag tires in the chase and
            turns to face the pursuing hounds. At this
            point the stag is both at bay itself and
            also holds the dogs at bay - precisely the
            senses of the English phrase.

            The English expression has had several
            conventional forms under the influence of
            translations from the French: at abay, at
            a bay and today at bay.

            If, on the other hand, she reported unenthusiastically
            to keep the packaged hordes
            at bay, the travel company would not be

            too pleased.
            OBSERVER, July 28, 1991.

            Skin problems, hitherto merely kept at bay
            by cortisone creams, can clear up com
            pletely with Acupuncture.
            CRAWLEY OBSERVER, September 11, 1991.

            From the opening chapter in the blazing
            summer of 1939, when Helena Cuthbertson
            reveals that the weather is too hot
            for wearing knickers, to a funeral service
            45 years later when the older generation
            keep thoughts of death at bay by remembering
            their wartime promiscuities, hardly
            anyone gives convention even a nod of recognition.

            TELEGRAPH MAGAZINE, January 25, 1992.

            The AA recommends an electronic alarm
            system for all-round protection, which
            costs about the same as a car radio. It's a
            simple and relatively cheap means of keep
            ing scavengers at bay.
            AA MAGAZINE, Issue I, 1992.
            kettle of fish, a

            a mess, a problem, a_ predicament;
            another matter

            Some authorities agree that 'kettle' is a
            corruption of 'kiddle', a type of grille put
            across a stream to catch fish, but differ in
            their subsequent accounts. One suggests
            that poachers damaged them while helping
            themselves to the catch. When the
            keeper returned to empty the kiddle, he
            might describe rather ruefully the
            resulting mess as a pretty or fine kettle of
            fish. Alternatively, but still ironically,
            when the kiddle had been in place for
            some time it would have collected not
            only fish but also weed and assorted
            debris from the river - in other words, a
            collection of rubbish or a pretty kettle of
            fish.

            But most etymologists agree that the
            source lies in a type of picnic. A common
            arrangement for an outing or social
            get-together amongst the gentry in the
            Scottish border country was to arrange a
            feast on the banks of a river. The main
            course would be salmon, straight from the
            river and cooked outdoors in a 'kettle'.
            Outings of this kind were known as a
            kettle of fish. Quite how the expression
            came to mean a mess or confusion is a
            matter for speculation; anything that
            could have gone wrong with such an
            entertainment has been suggested, from
            spilling the kettle to being unable to catch
            or land the fish.

            My God, this is a pretty kettle of fish. For
            goodness' sake, explain yourself, Charlie.

            A man doesn't commit suicide for fun.
            W. SOMERSET MAUGHAM. The Bread-Winner,
            1930,
            seenreeeee

            “e eo *# © © @ © © © @ @ ©

                evince -p 124 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/en-idiomdict2.pdf &

            ' Giving it to them hot and strong

            Intensifying the force of one's word is
            a very common device of language.
            'It's nonsense' becomes 'It's absolute/
            complete/perfect/proper/pure/sheer/
            thorough/total/utter nonsense.' It is a
            characteristic that works with idioms,
            too, especially where the word blue is
            involved:

            To the old between the devil and the
            deep sea we add the adjective blue,
            to produce the emphatic between
            the devil and the deep blue sea.

            You can get away with murder or,
            if you do something absolutely outrageous
                and still aren't punished for
            it, you can get away with blue
            murder.

            To scream blue murder implies you
            scream louder even than if you were
            being murdered. To drive like blue
            murder is to drive ridiculously fast.

            In a funk becomes in a blue funk.

            To throw a fit is on occasion to
            throw a blue fit.

            The sulphurous blue flames (blazes)
            of hell strengthen the euphemistic
            What or where the blazes ... to
            What or where the blue blazes . . .

            There are other similar instances:

            To play hell becomes to play merry
            hell.

            In a pickle is often in a pretty pickle.

            To come to a pass is commonly to
            come to a pretty pass.

            An alternative for a fine kettle of
            fish is a pretty kettle of fish.

            .
            .
            .
            e
            a
            e
            .
            .
            °
            .
            .
            .
            .
            e
            o
            .
            .
            .
            *
            e
            .
            °
            .
            o
            @
            .
            e
            .
            .
            .
            .
            °
            .
            .
            .
            .
            .
            .
            .
            .
            .
            e
            °
            e
            .
            .
            .
            .
            .
            .
            .
            .
            .
            .
            .
            .
            .
            .
            .
            .
            .
            .
            .
            .
            .
            e.
            .
            .
            .
            .
            °
            « kick the bucket» 117

            Until now the word 'Colonel' for Basil had
            connoted an elderly rock-gardener on
            Barbara's GPO list. This formidable man

            of his own age was another kettle of fish.
            EVELYN WAUGH, Put Out More Flags. 'Spring',
            1942.

            Do we, then, prefer foxes to children? I
            suspect not. Or rather, | imagine that most
            people prefer their own children to foxes.
            Other people's children, however, are a
            different kettle of fish altogether and it may
            well be that they are generally held in

            lower esteem than the farmer-baiting fox.
            THE TIMES, February 27, 1992.

            usage: There are two distinct senses: a
            fine, pretty, nice kettle of fish means 'a
            mess'; another, a different kettle of fish
            means 'another matter'. The above quotations
            show the different senses clearly.
            Both are colloquial, and the first is often
            ironical.

            kick the bucket, to

            to die

            Three grim etymologies are suggested for
            this expression.

            The first concerns the slaughter of pigs.
            Once killed, the animals would be suspended
            by the back legs from a wooden
            frame known as a bucket. Any muscular
            twitch or spasm after death caused the
            pig to kick against the bucket. Another
            common country practice was to suspend
            a living pig from a beam by its heels and
            cut its throat. The blood from the struggling
            animal then drained into a strategically
            placed basin beneath.

            Opinions vary as to how the bucket got
            its quaint name. One view is that it comes
            from the Old French word buquet, meaning
            'balance', which suggests that the

                evince -p 125 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/en-idiomdict2.pdf &

            The absurd

            There is a whimsical and absurd side to many people. It finds its reflection
            in the writings of Lewis Carroll and Ogden Nash, amongst many others.
            Children (and the child in all of us) seem especially to enjoy the superficially
            senseless:

            Hey diddle diddle, the cat and the fiddle,
            the cow jumped over the moon.

            The little dog laughed to see such sport
            and the dish ran away with the spoon.

            This is one of the best known nursery rhymes in the English language. Its
            appeal and popularity stem largely from the fact that it doesn't make very
            much sense at all. In general, we like the illogical and we enjoy the
            humour of the ridiculous. Indeed the nursery rhyme tells us that the little
            boy laughed at the absurdity and fun of the cow jumping over the moon.
            This is exactly what Sir Henry Reed meant when, in discussing the origin
            of the rhyme, he rather neatly commented:

            I prefer to think that it commemorates the athletic lunacy to which the
            strange conspiracy of the cat and the fiddle incited the cow.

            There are a good number of instances of obvious illogic. The colloquial
            you can't have your cake and eat it would make so much better sense if it
            were commonly said you can't eat your cake and have it. An American
            novel first published in 1950 was entitled Have your cake and eat it, but
            few are so precise. Idioms in general can appear totally illogical, because
            there is this gap (as What is an idiom?, page 6, tries to show) between
            the literal meaning of the individual words and the meaning of the
            idiomatic whole. It is unclear at first sight why to knock spots off
            someone as separate words ('to remove dots of colour') should have any
            logical connection with to knock spots off someone ('to defeat someone
            easily'). Readers of this dictionary and professional etymologists might
            know the connection (though the logical nature of the link is often
            obscure), but it is unknown and apparently nonsensical to the great
            majority. That, international experts agree, is part of the appeal of the
            idiom. Guiraud put it, about French idioms, that 'oddity, nonsense
            indeed, are a source of success and survival for many idioms'. An English
            expert, Smith, summarises the attraction beautifully:

            There is a certain irrelevance in the human mind, a certain love for the
            illogical and absurd, a reluctance to submit itself to reason, which breaks
            loose now and then and finds expression for itself in idiomatic speech.

                evince -p 126 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/en-idiomdict2.pdf &

            bucket was a beam rather than a frame.
            Another theory is that the carcase was
            first bound to a wooden block before
            being hoisted on to the frame by means
            of a pulley. This action brought to mind
            the drawing of water from a well and so
            the block, and not the frame, was called
            a bucket.

            Suicide is suggested for the second etymology.
            An article by De Quincy in the
            London Magazine of 1823 talks of a tradition
            among the 'slang fraternity' that
            'one Bolsover having hung himself to a
            beam while standing on the bottom of a
            pail, or bucket, kicked the vessel away in
            order to pry into futurity, and it was all up
            with him from that moment - finis!'

            Across the Atlantic there is
            the suggestion that a lynch mob would
            stand the hapless victim on a bucket, with
            the rope going up over a tree branch; the
            bucket would then be knocked away from
            beneath him.

            The strongest case is the first, especially
            considering the early uses of the phrase
            that are recorded.

            'You see, one of the boys has gone up the
            flume -'

            'Gone where?'

            'Up the flume, - throwed up the sponge,
            you understand.'

            'Thrown up the sponge?'

            'Yes; kicked the bucket.'

            'Ah, - has departed to that mysterious
            country from whose bourn no traveller
            returns.'

            'Return! I reckon not. Why, pard, he's

            dead!'
            MARK TWAIN, Roughing It. 1872.

            usage: colloquial

            see also: to throw in the sponge
            - Kingdom+ 119

            Kingdom: till/to Kingdom come

            forever; to death

            'He's gone to Kingdom come, he's dead'
            is the rather blunt way the expression is
            defined in Grose's Dictionary of the Vulgar
            Tongue (1785). It refers to the next
            life when every man will have to give
            account of himself before God. The
            words themselves may come from the
            Lord's Prayer as recorded in Matthew
            6:10. The phrase was obviously much
            used in the spoken language long before
            it was considered suitable for the written
            word. The first reference in writing was
            in Peter Pindar's Subjects for Painters
            (1789):

            And forty pounds be theirs, a pretty
            sum, For sending such a rogue to
            Kingdom-come.

            Used with the conjunction uniil/till, the
            sense is rather different. The idea here is
            that the Second Coming of the Bible,
            when the Kingdom will be installed here
            on earth, is a very long way off - so long
            that the action can be continued almost
            forever, with impunity.

            'There,' he said when they had finished.

            'You can wet the bed till Kingdom come.'
            MICHELLE MAGORIAN. Goodnight Mr Tom,
            1981.

            'The gun ... where is the gun?' she
            demanded, before seizing her trusty
            blunderbuss and dispatching a rogue male

            in her citadel to kingdom come.
            DAILY EXPRESS, April 20, 1992.

            'We don't have any problem about contraception.
            It is wrong that the wife should
            bear the burden of lots of children. A
            woman can go on producing until kingdom
            come. Charles Wesley was child

            number 23!
            DAILY TELEGRAPH. May 18, 1992.
            120 + knock into a cocked hat +

            usage: Colloquial. The contemporary
            tendency is to write kingdom without an
            initial capital letter.

                evince -p 127 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/en-idiomdict2.pdf &

            knock into a cocked hat, to

            to beat roundly, to show someone/something
            to be inferior to the ppposition

            There are several theories about this
            American phrase. One of them claims
            that it refers to the three-cornered, or
            tricorne, hats worn by army field officers
            in the eighteenth and early nineteenth
            centuries. Apparently much fun was
            made of them because of their strange
            shape and their brims which curled up on
            three sides. So knocked into a cocked hat
            became synonymous with 'pushed out of
            shape', 'good for nothing'.

            An alternative theory concerning hats
            suggests that the cocked hat of the eighteenth
            century was simply the Puritan
            headgear of the 1600s with the brim
            'cocked', or turned up, on three sides,
            giving a triangular shape. To knock into
            a cocked hat, therefore, meant to make
            dramatic changes to something, and from
            there to defeat roundly.

            A final suggestion is that the expression
            alludes to an American skittle game
            where only three pins were set up, like
            the three corners of a cocked hat, as the
            points of a triangle. This would seem to
            be a much more plausible explanation;
            however, Funk (1950) points out that the
            first use of the expression in print was in
            1833, but that there is no mention of the
            bowling game before 1858.

            Would that we could do something at once
            dignified and effective to knock Mr Bryan

            once for all into a cocked hat.
            WOODROW WILSON, Letter to Adrian H. Joline,
            January 1912).
            You make your plans, then all the things
            you hadn't figured on kick them into a

            cocked hat.
            FRANK YERBY, A Woman Called Fancy, 1952.

            usage: informal

            lap: it is in the lap of the gods

            the unknown outcome will be revealed
            in the future, Providence will decide

            One very obvious suggestion that has
            been made about this idiom is the practice,
            common in many cultures since
            ancient times, of placing gifts on the
            knees of statues depicting seated gods in
            the hope that, in return, a prayer would
            be answered.

            Most authorities agree, however, that
            the phrase originated in Homer's Iliad.
            Patroclos, friend of Achilles, had been
            killed and the Trojans, having first
            stripped his corpse, were intending to
            sever the head and march with it through
            the city to help them gain the upper hand
            in the battle. It was at this point that
            Automedon, aware that the outcome was
            in the balance, said, 'These things lie on
            the knees of the gods.' In fact, the impending
            humiliation brought the sulking
            Achilles back into the battle and led to
            the rout of the Trojans and the death of
            Hector. The gods, it seemed, were on the
            side of Achilles. As for why he was invincible,
            look up Achilles' heel.

            The future may not be as unalterably
            determined by the past as we used to think;
            in part at least it may rest on the knees of

            whatever gods there be.
            J. JEANS, The Mysterious Universe, 1930.

                evince -p 128 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/en-idiomdict2.pdf &

            An attractive foreigner will set your heart
            fluttering, but whether or not he'll become

            part of your future is in the lap of the gods.
            WOMAN'S OWN, September 14, 1991.

            Yet if the weather does not hold - at present
            it is gloriously sunny and warm - it
            may be that the images of the most chaotic
            road conditions imaginable will linger in
            the memory far longer than the pursuit of
            excellence which is the birthright of the
            Olympic Games. Albertville's fate remains

            in the lap of the gods.
            DAILY TELEGRAPH, February 3, 1992.

            leaf: to turn over a new leaf

            to begin again, to resolve to behave better

            The need to turn over a new leaf or
            embark upon a programme of selfimprovement
            and_ character-building
            occurs to everyone at one time or
            another. New leaves here have nothing to
            do with budding leaves on trees but rather
            the leaves of a book. The expression originated
            in the first half of the sixteenth century
            and it has been suggested that the
            book might therefore be one of precepts
            to be learnt and mastered for selfedification.
            This fits with the improving
            tone of the expression but does not satisfy
            the present-day notion of making a totally
            new beginning. The image is more likely
            to be that of turning over a page of blots
            and crossed out words and beginning
            again on clean, white paper.

            He intended to take an opportunity this
            afternoon of speaking to Irene. A word in
            time saved nine; and now that she was
            going to live in the country there was a
            chance for her to turn over a new leaf ! He
            could see that Soames wouldn't stand very

            much more of her goings on!
            JOHN GALSWORTHY. The Man of Property, 1906.
            + leap in the dark» 121

            A little while ago he started on whisky
            again. He said he was too old to turn over
            any new leaves. He would rather be happy
            for six months and die at the end of it than

            linger on for five years.
            W. SOMERSET MAUGHAM, Of Human Bondage.
            1915.

            leap in the dark, a

            a step of faith, a venture whose outcome
            cannot be predicted

            'Now I am about to take my last voyage,
            a great leap in the dark.' These are said to
            have been the words with which English
            philosopher, Thomas Hobbes (15881679),
            quit this world. It was not long
            before Hobbes' striking words were being
            borrowed by others. In 1697, just eighteen
            years after Hobbes' death, Sir John
            Vanbrugh published his play The Provok'd
            Wife in which one of the characters
            exclaims, 'Now I am for Hob's voyage  a
            great leap in the dark.'

            Defoe, Byron and Disraeli are amongst
            those who have quoted Hobbes when
            writing about death. Over the years, however,
            the original reference of the words
            has been forgotten and the term is now
            loosely applied to any venture whose outcome
            is full of uncertainty.

            Who'd marry if he was afraid he'd regret
            it later? What is life, old boy, but a leap

            in the dark?
            W. SOMERSET MAUGHAM, The Bread-Winner,
            1930.

            One of these mental healers was Dr
            Quimby, who cured Mrs Eddy at Portland
            and died of an 'erroneous' tumor shortly
            after. Partly because the people were sickly
            and partly for want of other experiments,
            they amused themselves with leaps in the

            dark.
            V. W. BROOKS, New England: Indian Summer, 1940.
            122 -leg
                evince -p 129 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/en-idiomdict2.pdf &

            leg: to pull someone's leg

            to make someone the target of a goodhumoured
            joke or deception

            A Scottish rhyme using 'draw' rather than
            'pull' shows us the expression's country
            of origin:

            He preached, an' at last drew the auld
            body's leg,

            Sae the kirk got the gatherins o' our Aunty
            Meg.

            (Alexander Anderson, Rhymes, 1867)

            Aunty Meg, it seems, was the subject of
            a certain amount of trickery and deception,
            a sense which American usage of the
            idiom retains but which has been weakened
            to mean a bit of good-humoured,
            harmless fun in English.

            There is speculation as to why the leg
            needed to be pulled. It is difficult to make
            the connection between the sense of the
            expression and the macabre suggestion
            that it refers to the right of a criminal
            sentenced to hanging to have his relatives
            pull on his legs, so hastening his death.
            More likely is the proposal that pulling a
            person's leg meant pulling it from under
            him, so tripping him up in public and
            making him a subject of ridicule.

            It even occurred to me that he had been
            pulling my leg, and that the conversation
            had been an elaborate and humorous disguise
            for his real purpose.

            GRAHAM GREENE, The Quiet American, 1955.
            My friend Sarah went one worse than that
            many years ago, when, as a bright-eyed
            young student nurse, she found herself
            working on the men's surgical ward.
            Among her charges was one especially
            foul-tempered old chap, and Sarah put
            much time and effort into cheering him
            up, to absolutely no avail. Finally she told
            him she was having him thrown out of the
            hospital. When a fresh spurt of abuse came
            her way, she said: 'Don't be silly, Mr
            Jones. I was only pulling your leg.' Poor

            Mr Jones had no legs to pull.
            GOOD HOUSEKEEPING, May 1992.

            lick into shape, to

            to give form to something, to make something
            or someone presentable

            The ancients believed that bears gave
            birth to nothing more than formless
            lumps of flesh which they then literally
            licked into cub-shape. Pliny the Elder
            describes this in his Naturalis Historia
            (AD 77) and Plutarch takes up the theme
            in Moralia: On Affection for Offspring
            (cAD 95). This ancient belief seems to
            have prevailed until at least the mid
            sixteenth century, for Rabelais writes
            about it in Pantagruel (1545).

            The belief took on a figurative dimension
            quite early. Around AD 150 Aulus
            Gellius described how Virgil, close to
            death, begged his friends to destroy the
            Aeneid because he had not had time to
            perfect it:

            For he said that as the bear brought forth
            her young formless and misshapen, and
            afterwards by licking gave it form and
            shape, just so the fresh products of his
            mind were rude in form, but afterwards
            by working over them he gave them
            definite form and expression (Noctes
            Alticae).

            Which is the exact meaning of our
            modern idiom: putting something in
            order and making it presentable, or getfing
            someone to behave or work as
            expected.
            One can see he's been very badly brought

            up. He wants licking into shape.
            W. SOMERSET MAUGHAM, Of Human Bondage.
            1915.

            usage: informal

                evince -p 130 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/en-idiomdict2.pdf &

            limelight, in the

            in the public eye, the centre of public
            attention

            When calcium oxide, or lime, is heated it
            gives off a glaring white light. Thomas
            Drummond, a British army engineer,
            used this discovery to help his mapmaking
            in dismal weather conditions. The
            very visible limelight (the Drummond
            light of 1826) was used as a marker for
            measuring distances accurately. Scientists
            took up this invention, adapting it to produce
            powerful lights that were then used
            in film-projection, lighthouses and later
            in the theatre, rather like spotlights, to
            draw attention to the principal artiste on
            the stage. Someone standing in the limelight
            was very much the focus of public
            attention. So powerful was the light that
            there were cases of people going blind
            through too great exposure to it.

            To steal the limelight suggests deliberately
            seizing the public attention, to the
            detriment usually of a rival, as may be the
            case in one of the quotations.

            'It's difficult to grow up in the limelight
            and come out your own person, people

            don't allow you to.'
            EVENING STANDARD, December 2, 1991.

            Plant lilies in the garden, or in pots that
            can be moved into the limelight when buds
            appear. White lilies are the most stunning
            - try the fragrant Easter Lily, Madonna

            Lily or L. regale with its yellow throat.
            GOOD HOUSEKEEPING, January 1992.
            + lion'sden+ 123

            Regular as clockwork, the mighty prune
            steps forward once a year for its brief
            moment in the limelight. All the year
            round it works wonders behind the scenes:
            National Prune Week, which begins on
            Monday, gives the nation its chance to say

            thank you.
            THE TIMES, January 1992.

            Karen, who was Boris's lover for more
            than two years until last summer, stole the
            limelight from Babs when she turned up

            to watch Becker playing in the Open.
            DAILY MAIL, May 8, 1992.

            lion's den: to enter the lion's den

            to undergo an extreme test, to face overwhelming
            opposition

            The lion is legendary for ferocity and
            bravery, so to enter its very lair is a most
            challenging test, requiring the same virtues
            in even greater measure.

            The modern use implies choice and
            willingness to take on the daunting task.
            This contrasts with the practice of the
            ancient world where being thrown to the
            lions was a mode of carrying out the death
            sentence. This is exactly the case in the
            incident that popularised the phrase. In
            the Old Testament story, political plotters
            trapped King Darius into throwing
            one of his three senior ministers, Daniel,
            to the lions for praying publicly to his
            God. Because he had signed an irrevocable
            law (a law of the Medes and Persians
            - the origin of that phrase), Darius
            had to carry out the prescribed punishment:

            So at last the king gave the order for
            Daniel's arrest, and he was taken to the
            den of lions. The king said to him, 'May
            your God, whom you worship continually,
            deliver you.' And then they threw him
            in. (Daniel 6:16.)

                evince -p 131 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/en-idiomdict2.pdf &

            It is hard to imagine a more daunting
            arena for the South Africans to play...
            A Test at Kensington is akin to entering
            the lion's den, West Indies having a

            remarkable record here.
            DAILY TELEGRAPH, April 18, 1992.

            lion's share, the
            the larger part

            In a fable by Aesop, a lion and three
            other animals go hunting together and kill
            a stag which is then divided into equal
            pieces. Just as the animals are about to
            eat, the lion stops them. The first portion
            is his, he says, by right of his kingship
            over them, a second share is his due
            because he is the strongest among them
            and a third part must be made over to
            him because of his courage. The lion
            allows that the fourth portion belongs to
            the others but warns them to touch it if
            they dare!

            He wants the lion's share for himself and
            his client. He'll condescenu to let my client

            have twenty-five per cent.
            ERLE STANLEY GARDNER, The DA Calls a Turn,
            1954.

            Its budget is derived, not from UN's general
            funds, but from contributions paid by
            individual member states (the US pays the
            lion's share, and Britain the next largest

            share, as is just).
            A. J. TOYNBEE, East to West, 'The Gaza Strip',
            1958.

            The building work added a further £2000

            to the bill - with the new side wall account
            ing for the lion's share of the cost.
            HOUSE BEAUTIFUL, June 1992.
            lock, stock and barrel

            completely, in its entirety

            Although these sound like the contents of
            a hardware shop, the lock, stock and
            barrel referred to are the main parts of a
            gun. The lock is the device which sparks
            the charge; the stock is the handle and
            framework holding the other parts in
            place; the barrel is the metal tube through
            which the shot is propelled. Lock, stock
            and barrel means the complete weapon,
            with nothing omitted or changed in any
            way, hence the emphatic sense of the
            idiom.

            Like the highlandman's gun, she wants
            stock, lock, and barrel, to put her into
            repair.

            WALTER SCOTT, Lockhart, 1817.

            When a woman is a trump there is nothing
            like her; but when she goes to the bad, she

            goes altogether, 'stock, lock and barrel.'
            GEORGE WHYTE-MELVILLE, Digby Grand, 1853.

            'Yes, we are a valuable swarm,' said the
            Queen, proudly. 'We will honour you with
            our company. We will take the Rose and
            Crown - lock, stock and barrel, wine,

            mead and barley-brew.'
            ALISON UTTLEY. Tales of Little Brown Mouse,
            1984.

            usage: The only accepted order of the
            words today is lock, stock and barrel.

            see also: hook, line and sinker

            loggerheads: to be at loggerheads
            over something

            to have a bitter argument with someone
            A loggerhead was a long-handled device

            with a spherical cup at one end, which
            was filled with pitch for heating over a
            fire.

                evince -p 132 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/en-idiomdict2.pdf &

            Such implements were used in medieval
            naval battles where the hot pitch was
            slung at enemy sailors. In an exchange of
            this kind, the opposing forces were truly
            at loggerheads.

            They almost reached an agreement, then
            their lawyers intervened. Suddenly they
            found themselves at loggerheads again and

            the bitter case continued.
            DAILY MAIL, September 12. 1991.

            'I found it odd that we had that massive
            publicity campaign about Aids but I
            haven't seen another like that about the
            environment. Why is that? Is it because the
            Government might find itself at loggerheads
            with its own philosophy on the
            economy?'

            long in the tooth
            old

            Authorities are divided as to whether the
            teeth in question are human or equine.
            Advertisements claim that more teeth are
            lost through gum disease than through
            decay. Diseased gumsrecede over the years
            and this makes teeth look longer. Our
            ancestors had none of the benefits of
            modern dentistry and a mouthful of 'long
            teeth' meantthatthewearerofthesmilewas
            past the first flush of youth. The French
            playwright Moliére was well aware of the
            problem. In Le Médicin Malgré Lui (1666)
            he writes: 'The teeth have time to grow long
            while we wait for the death of someone.'

            Alternatively, a horse's front teeth
            appear toprotrude more asit getsolder,soa
            look at the length of them will help a dealer
            decide upon the age of the animal.
            -looseend+ 125

            When trying to be funny the play is corny
            . . . There is a lot of patronising talk about
            wrinklies and geriatrics but really it is the

            writing that is long in the tooth.
            MID SUSSEX TIMES, September 6, 1991.

            usage: informal, derogatory

            see also: from the horse's mouth

            loose end, at a

            having nothing in particular to do

            There are two suggested etymologies.
            The first is that the expression goes back
            to the time of sailing ships when the vast
            number of ropes on the rigging needed to
            be kept in good order. The ends of the
            ropes were tightly bound to prevent them
            unravelling. When there was little else to
            do on board ship, the captain would order
            the crew to check them and bind any
            loose ends to keep his men occupied.

            Alternatively the phrase may refer to
            an untethered working horse turned out
            into its field at the end of the day to kick
            up its heels.

            Although John Heywood in_ his
            Proverbs (1546) writes that 'some loose
            or od ende will come man, some one daie'
            it may not be our modern phrase which
            is intended, for the expression is not
            picked up again until the mid nineteenth
            century.

            My brother Eric, then aged twenty-three,
            was rather at a loose end. He had had two
            or three jobs, in none of which he had
            been particularly happy.

            NOEL COWARD. Present Indicative, 1937.
            However he may well be right in suggesting
            that this quiz could be useful at the
            end of term when examinations are over
            126 = + make (both) ends meet +

                evince -p 133 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/en-idiomdict2.pdf &

            and both teachers and students are at a

            loose end.
            TIMES EDUCATIONAL SUPPLEMENT, November
            1974,

            Nor has the law been adequate to deal with
            the situation that arose over the Bank

            Holiday weekend when 20,000 hippies,
            travellers and teenagers at a loose end took

            over a corner of the Malvern Hills.
            DAILY TELEGRAPH, May 27, 1992.

            make (both) ends meet, to

            to live within one's means

            People have been lamenting their
            inability to make both ends meet and live
            within their income since the seventeenth
            century, though some people are content
            with just enough to satisfy their needs.
            Thomas Fuller, writing in 1662, describes
            the saintly Cumberland thus: 'Worldly
            wealth he cared not for, desiring onely to
            make both ends meet'. (Worthies,
            'Cumberland').

            In all probability the expression comes
            from accountancy. Meet as an adjective
            meant 'equal' or 'balanced', so the
            accounting practice of balancing profits
            and losses was described as making both
            ends meet. Also, ends refers to ends of the
            accounting year - hence the fuller version
            used by Smollett: 'He made shift to make
            the two ends of the year meet' (Roderick
            Random, 1748).

            This story, set in the 1920s, is about two
            sisters coping with life after father and

            struggling to make ends meet.
            WEEKEND TELEGRAPH, September 7, 1991.

            Even if you think that one stately home
            looks very much like another, you have to
            admire all those owner-occupiers struggling
            to make ends meet behind the grand,

            well-known fagades.
            DAILY MAIL, March 5, 1992.

            usage: The original descriptive sense of
            balancing the year's accounts has been
            superseded by an emphasis on the
            struggle necessary to make ends meet. To
            reflect this, both tends to be omitted
            today.

            mark, learn and inwardly digest

            ponder and _ thoroughly assimilate
            something

            The expression comes from the Church
            of England's Prayer Book. 'Grant that we
            may in such wise hear them, read, mark,
            learn, and inwardly digest them' are words
            from a prayer for the second Sunday in
            Advent.

            Well, having bought his cats, nothing
            remains for the would-be novelist but to
            watch them living from day to day; to
            mark, learn and inwardly digest the lessons
            about human nature which they
            teach; and finally write his book about
            Mayfair, Passy, or Park Avenue, which
            ever the case may be.
            ALDOUS HUXLEY, Music at Night, 'Sermons in
            Cats', 1931.

            McCoy: the real McCoy

            the authentic, genuine article; the real
            thing

            There are various possibilities for the
            derivation of this phrase, from both sides
            of the Atlantic.

            Many authorities subscribe to the
            theory that it refers to Kid McCoy, an
            American boxer famous early this
            century.

                evince -p 134 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/en-idiomdict2.pdf &

            On one occasion he was being
            provoked by a drunk who would not
            accept that this was really the lightweight
            champion. Eventually the boxer, goaded
            beyond endurance, punched the drunk
            and knocked him out. The man's first
            words as he came to were, 'You're the real
            McCoy.'

            A second American, Bill McCoy, may
            be another source. This infamous
            smuggler in the Prohibition period
            brought in hard liquor down the Atlantic
            coast of America from Canada. Hence,
            anything described as 'the real McCoy'
            was the genuine article, not a homebrewed
            or distilled substitute.

            Scotland provides two slightly earlier
            derivations. In the late 1800s a man
            named Mackay advertised his particular
            brand of whisky as 'the real Mackay', to
            distinguish it from another product of the
            same name. Yet another story tells of
            family feuds. There were two branches of
            the MacKay clan in dispute over which
            was the senior. Eventually it was established
            that the MacKays of Reay, the
            Reay MacKays, held this honour.

            The evidence points to a British origin.
            Then the phrase spread far and wide:
            there is a mention of it in an Irish ballad
            of the 1880s and it was recorded in Australia
            in 1903. It would surely have
            reached the New World also, where one
            or both of the colourful McCoys at least
            influenced the spelling of the phrase.

            Is this a remake, or the original
            colourised, or a 'restored' version inflated
            with newly found footage that Orson
            Welles never wished included? Fear not;
            this Citizen Kane is the real McCoy,
            released on the occasion of its fiftieth anniversary
            in a new print taken from the original
            negative.
            COBUILD CORPUS: The Times, June 6, 1991.
            + middle of theroad+ 127

            usage: There are a lot of variant spellings.
            The preferred form in America and now
            in the UK is McCoy, but formerly in the
            UK MacKay.

            middle of the road

            a position midway between two extremes,
            a safe position

            The middle of the road is a dangerous
            place for pedestrians. It is strange, therefore,
            that this position should have
            become synonymous with safety, with
            steering a middle course uninfluenced by
            extremes. It has been suggested that the
            phrase originated in times when there
            were no pavements and gutters ran with
            all sorts of foul rubbish and effluent, so
            that the middle of the road was a cleaner
            and easier place to walk than the edge. It
            was also a safer place. There was little
            traffic and a pedestrian ran less risk of
            being run over by a horse-drawn vehicle
            than of being dragged into some dark
            alleyway and robbed. The suggestion is
            just about plausible. There is, however,
            no evidence to support it.

            The Democratic faithful have confessed
            their liberal sins of the past, pledged themselves
            to a new life of middle-of-the-road
            righteousness and the church doors at
            Madison Square Garden are swinging

            shut.
            INDEPENDENT, July 18, 1992.

            usage: Hypens are optional, though
            common immediately before a following
            noun. A useful phrase for any contexts
            with clear extremes and a spectrum of
            opinion between them.
            128 + mince +

                evince -p 135 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/en-idiomdict2.pdf &

            mince: not to mince matters/one's
            words

            to speak frankly, to be brutally honest

            This expression is always used with the
            negative 'not' in modern speech although
            it was used in the positive in the seventeenth
            and eighteenth centuries as in:
            '[They] would either excuse or mince the
            matter' (Joseph Hall, Cases of Conscience,
            1649). The allusion is to mincing
            cheaper, stringier cuts of meat in order
            to make them easier to chew and digest.
            Someone who does not mince his words,
            therefore, makes no attempt to soften his
            tough message.

            On the phone, Paul doesn't mince his
            words to the grower. 'You are basically
            giving us a load of rubbish in the North,'
            he says, sitting at his desk in shirt sleeves,

            dark spotty tie and flashy watch.
            GOOD HOUSEKEEPING, December 1991.

            see also: to call a spade a spade, to beat
            about the bush

            mind one's p's and q's, to

            to take great care how one speaks and
            behaves

            Speculation abounds on the origin of this
            phrase, which has been with us since the
            beginning of the seventeenth century.
            One explanation is that the expression
            used to be 'mind your toupees and your
            queues', the 'toupee' being false hair and
            the 'queue' being the pigtail popular in
            days gone by. A popular riddle connected
            these hairstyles to the alphabet:

            Who is the best person to keep the alphabet
            in order? Answer - A barber, because he
            ties up the queue, and puts toupees in
            irons.
            Hairpieces are never very secure and
            would certainly prohibit the wearer from
            anything but the most decorous
            behaviour.

            Another suggestion is that it comes
            from the dancing school where wigs
            remained a problem. Students were constantly
            being reminded to perfect their
            'pieds' (footwork) and to have care for
            their 'queues' (wigs).

            Alternatively the phrase may have
            arisen from the old custom in alehouses
            of hanging a slate behind the door on
            which 'p' or 'q' (pint or quart) was written
            against the name of each customer
            according to how much he had drunk.
            The accounts would be settled on payday.
            The landlord had to keep a careful record
            of his p's and q's and the customer had to
            ensure that only the ale he had consumed
            was marked up.

            There are also stories arising from the
            similarity of 'p' and 'q'. Children often
            have difficulty in distinguishing between
            these two letters. 'Mind your p's and q's'
            must have been on the lips of governesses
            and tutors throughout the land. A final
            thought in this regard is that typesetters
            had problems in keeping their p's and q's
            from getting mixed up.

            He had not penetrated into the upper domestic
            strata of Bursley society. He had
            never been invited to any house where, as
            he put it, he would have had to mind his
            p's and q's.

            ARNOLD BENNETT, The Card, 1911.

            Minding your P's and Q's: Beyfus believes
            that roughest instincts should be tempered.
            'Not only does self-control inflict less pain,

            it is a far better self-defence.'
            PHOTOGRAPH CAPTION, DAILY TELEGRAPH,
            May 27, 1992.

            usage: A difficult one to punctuate some
            prefer to mind one's Ps and Qs.

                evince -p 136 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/en-idiomdict2.pdf &

            moon: over the moon
            highly delighted

            Someone who is over the moon is elated.
            This phrase was frequently used in the
            1970s by footballers and their managers
            to express their delight at victory. This
            overuse was seized upon by the satirical
            magazine Private Eye, which proceeded
            to ridicule televised post-match interviews
            with the result that both over the
            moon and its counterpart sick as a parrot
            have become football cliches.

            The allusion to feeling so high with
            excitement that one imagines one could
            jump or fly over the moon is easily understood
            - see Moonshine (page 130). A
            definite origin for the phrase is obscure.
            Rees (1990) mentions that the family of
            William Gladstone's wife invented idiomatic
            phrases which they used in private
            and over the moon is said, by some, to be
            one of these. Perhaps she was inspired
            by the well-known nursery rhyme 'Hey
            Diddle Diddle' - see The Absurd (page
            117).

            He went to the ground on his own and his
            soccer hero, Steve Bull, handed the football
            over. Simon was absolutely over the
            moon about it, especially when he was

            invited to watch Wolves train.
            DAILY MAIL, September 12, 1991.

            Over the Moon of Tunbridge Wells
            Here's the score. We invest your savings
            on the stockmarket. Free of tax. We guarantee
            a return. Free of tax. And every year
            we add what we've made to your Bond.
            Free of tax. On average that's been 16.3%

            pa. A very nice net result.
            ADVERTISEMENT, DAILY MAIL, October 2, 1991.

            Duncan Harris is over the moon. He's just
            bought the house of his dreams and,
            because he was ready to take on a larger
            + moot point» 129

            mortgage, Abbey National had just the

            right deal for him.
            ADVERTISEMENT, SUNDAY TIMES MAGAZINE,
            October 1991.

            Not that Mr Smith would be over the
            moon at an endorsement from Mr Kinnock.
            The last colleague to receive such
            blessing was a Mr Kaufman, who has

            since become invisible.
            DAILY EXPRESS, April 20, 1992.

            A flow of other Bond Street traders kept
            popping in to have a look at the place, he
            said. 'Everyone seems over the moon that
            we've come. They see us as a sign that

            things are looking up.'
            DAILY TELEGRAPH, May 28, 1992.

            usage: A colloquial cliché.

            see also: sick as a parrot

            moot point, a

            an issue which is open to various
            interpretations or viewpoints but to which
            no satisfactory answer is ever found

            The word 'moot' can be traced back to
            the old Anglo-Saxon words mot and
            gemot, meaning 'meeting'. The political
            structure of Saxon society took the form
            of different assemblies where public matters
            could be debated; the wardmote was
            a ward meeting, the burgmote a town
            meeting and the witenagemote a meeting
            of prominent wise men.

            The sixteenth century saw the establishment
            of mootings, or moot courts at
            the Inns of Court in London. Here young
            law students were given the opportunity
            to sharpen their powers of argument and
            debate by participating in hypothetical
            trials. The practice continues today:
            130

                evince -p 137 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/en-idiomdict2.pdf &

            Moonshine

            For centuries the moon has appear
            quite untouchable and unreachable.
            extended metaphorical sense of the
            pursue. Shakespeare in Julius Caes«
            this sense:

            I had rather be a dog, and bay th
            Than such a Roman.

            Since then the sense of being enga
            become common in good literary
            Brothers (1940) writes:

            I have never been in so many trou
            times the group itself seems like a.
            thoroughly despondent.

            The moon's inaccessibility is perhap
            ately desired and sought after. One.
            or, slightly less commonly, to cry fo
            difficult or nearly impossible to ol
            phrase is children who cry for the n
            it. A nice example of its use comes f
            (1930):

            To have a little place of his ow
            whenever he wanted it, that wasn'
            firm's increased turnover and its |
            really like asking for the moon.

            A related expression is to promise so
            somebody so much that it will be i1
            example of its use:

            Their marriage was never very
            promised her the moon and she, b
            believed him. She soon found ow

            A further extension of the same ba
            somebody the moon for something.
            ibly large amount of money'. The p
            >d to man to be distant and remote,
            _So the moon has come to have the
            impossible, that which it is futile to
            ar, Act IV, Scene iii (1599) captures

            e moon,

            ged in some fruitless enterprise has
            style. C. P. Snow in Strangers and

            bles. I am baying at the moon. Somefutile
            little invention of my own. I am

            s the very reason it has been passionexample
            of this is to ask for the moon
            r the moon, meaning 'to want what is
            tain'. The suggested origin for the
            100n in order to be able to play with
            rom J. B. Priestley's Angel Pavement

            n with a garden and a bit of music
            t asking too much. And yet for all the
            rises, he couldn't help thinking it was

            mebody the moon, that is, 'to promise
            npossible to carry it out'. Here is an

            secure. During their courtship he
            eing a rather immature and naive girl,
            t the truth.

            sic meaning comes in to pay or offer
            That is, 'to offer a seemingly imposs2rson
            is so desperate he will go to the
            very limit of his resources to get what he wants. In football today, transfer
            fees are so high that clubs find they have to pay the moon to get the
            players they want.

                evince -p 138 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/en-idiomdict2.pdf &

            What could be more romantic than two lovers hand in hand in the
            moonlight? It is a universal scene, depicted in countless paintings and
            sung of in numerous popular songs. But things aren't always so perfect
            and idyllic. The hours of darkness can be the perfect cover for illegal
            deeds, with the moon providing just enough light to carry out the task,
            but not enough to make detection easy. There are strong connotations
            here of illegality - a far cry from the sugary sentimentality of romance in
            the moonlight.

            Moonlighting is an American term, progressively more common in
            Britain, which means doing a second job in addition to one's regular work.
            In these days of the thirty-five- or forty-hour working week, many people
            are able to take on a second job and indeed many are forced to do so in
            order to maintain their standard of living in the face of recession, inflation
            and rising prices. There is nothing particularly wrong in that, but moonlighting
            implies that this second job is not declared to the authorities, in
            order to avoid paying taxes.

            to do a moonlight flit: A clearly illegal activity comes up in this colloquial
            phrase. To do a moonlight flit is another instance of using the cover of
            darkness and the dim light provided by the moon, this time to disappear
            quickly and secretly from where one is living, to avoid paying the bills.
            An alternative form of the expression had a certain vogue in the first
            half of this century, and it equally concerned the moon. The quotation is
            from George Orwell's Down and Out in Paris and London (1933): I
            remember how surprised she was at my asking her instead of removing the
            clothes on the sly, shooting the moon being a common trick in our quarter.

            Moonshine is an American term. One sense of it - 'airy, empty nonsense'
            captures the ethereal and ephemeral quality of moonlight. More commonly
            in England, it is taken to mean 'illegally made liquor'. In the early
            years of this century, particularly during Prohibition, there was considerable
            distillation of spirits without the knowledge of the authorities, with
            the dim light of the moon as the best cloak for these illegal activities.
            Interestingly, there is a related eighteenth-century British use that refers
            to the illegality of the distribution of spirits, rather than to its production:
            moonshine was brandy smuggled from France to England.

            131
            132 +mud
                evince -p 139 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/en-idiomdict2.pdf &

            Judge Anthony Nicholl was adjudicating
            the final of the Observer Mace Mooting
            Competition organised by Coventry University's
            Department of Legal Studies. The
            moot (which simulates a Court of Appeal
            hearing) was the culmination of a competition
            entered last October by sixty-one
            law schools (Observer, July 5, 1992).

            'Moot' is also found as a verb. Matters
            are sometimes 'mooted' (brought up for
            general discussion) in meetings.

            In the idiom, the sense shifts away from
            simple debate (often with a clear-cut verdict
            or decision in legal contexts) to a
            contentious issue, with many valid
            viewpoints and no obvious or easy
            outcome.

            Despite the disorder that reigns in international
            currency markets, says the paper,
            it is a moot point whether this is really the
            moment for grandiose monetary visions in

            Europe.
            COBUILD CORPUS.

            There has been nothing like it since the
            long hot summer of '76. Whether this will
            spoil the insect's glowing image is a moot
            point. So far its voracious appetite for
            greenfly has made it an ally of all

            mankind.
            COBUILD CORPUS.

            usage: To reply to someone, '/t's a moot
            point' means roughly, “That may be your
            view, it's certainly not mine.'

            mud: his name is mud

            On April 14, 1865 Abraham Lincoln,
            President of the United States of
            America, was shot in a Washington
            theatre. The man responsible, John
            Wilkes Booth, broke his leg while jumping
            from the President's box to the stage
            below to make his escape. Booth had a
            horse waiting behind the theatre and galloped
            out into the countryside where he
            sought medical attention from a country
            doctor ignorant of events in the capital.
            The next day news of the President's
            death reached Dr Samuel Mudd, who
            remembered the man he had treated the
            previous day and hastened to inform the
            police. But in spite of his prompt and
            dutiful action, the doctor himself was
            arrested and charged with being a conspirator.
            Although innocent, he was convicted
            and sentenced to life
            imprisonment.

            In 1869 Dr Mudd was pardoned and
            released by President Andrew Johnson
            in recognition of his help during an outbreak
            of yellow fever at the prison, but
            public hatred of Booth and anyone connected
            with him was so intense that Dr
            Mudd was never forgiven and his name
            came to be used to refer to any scoundrel
            or wrongdoer. Later generations suffered
            for bearing the name of Mudd and it was
            not until the 1970s that Dr Mudd's innocence
            was finally declared and the family
            name cleared.

            Take pity on me Before my name is mud.
            J. C. GOODWIN, Wang: The Elephant Song, 1891.

            Your name'll be mud.
            PATRICIA WENTWORTH. Dead or Alive. 1936.

            usage: In the popular mind, all associations
            with Dr Mudd are lost and so is the
            spelling Mudd. The only form used today
            is mud - quite appropriately, given its
            meaning of 'dirty, wet earth'.

                evince -p 140 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/en-idiomdict2.pdf &

            mumbo jumbo

            nonsense, something that has no meaning

            Explorers of the African interior brought
            back tales of Mumbo Jumbo. The earliest
            is in Francis Moore's Travel into the
            Inland Parts of Africa (1738): 'A dreadful
            Bugbear to the Women, call'd MumboJumbo,
            which is what keeps the Women
            in awe.'

            Mungo Park, writing about his travels
            in the African interior at the end of the
            eighteenth century, says that Mumbo
            Jumbo was a spirit invented by the men
            of the villages to keep their womenfolk in
            order. Polygamy was the tribal custom
            and bickering and _ backbiting was
            common amongst wives. When life
            became intolerable, the husband would
            disguise himself as Mumbo Jumbo and
            then visit the culprits at night, shrieking
            and moaning until they were frightened
            into submission. The main troublemaker
            was then bound to a tree and whipped.

            The word has come into English to
            mean a superstitious ritual or gibberish,
            from the meaningless rantings of Mumbo
            Jumbo's nocturnal visitations.

            Both her grandchildren are religious
            freaks. One is a Hare Krishna who lives
            in an ashram and spouts mystic

            mumbo-jumbo.
            DAILY MAIL, August 22, 1991.

            usage: As in English there is no sense of
            a deity, capital letters are not used. The
            phrase is sometimes hyphenated.

            see also: a load of codswallop, to talk gibberish
            -nail- 133

            nail: to pay on the nail

            to make a prompt cash payment

            In the medieval marketplace honest dealing
            was encouraged by the setting up of
            pillar-like counters known as 'nails'.
            Money was literally placed on the nail in
            full public view as bargains were struck.
            If proof were needed, four bronze 'nails'
            still stand on the pavement outside the
            Exchange in Bristol and there is another
            in Limerick, as well as a copper plate at
            the Liverpool Stock Exchange.

            But the truth is that this old phrase was
            in use before the nails were put there and
            the market pillars probably took their
            name from the expression, not the other
            way round. Nor is the term unique to
            England; German and Dutch share the
            same expression. This is another of the
            language's mysteries - the origin has been
            lost in time.

            The cost of the materials the gunners used
            up in a single day was prodigious. If they
            had had to pay on the nail, out of their
            wages, for the cannons they wore out and
            the shells they fired, there would have been

            no war.
            G. B. SHAW, The Intelligent Woman's Guide to
            Socialism, 1928.

            What d'you say to having this little drop
            o' sunshine in the old 'ome? What d'you
            think of that? Good company and a good
            payer, right on the nail every Friday night.
            J. B. PRIESTLEY. The Good Companions, 1929.

            'What I love about being archbishop/
            admiral of the fleetwarden of All Souls is

            that they do pay bang on the nail!'
            THE TIMES, June 15, 1992.
            134 . namby-pamby «

                evince -p 141 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/en-idiomdict2.pdf &

            namby-pamby

            sentimental and insipid

            Namby pamby was a nickname for
            Ambrose Philips, who penned dainty pastoral
            verse in the first half of the eighteenth
            century. Pope, who had written
            some poems in a similar vein, was a harsh
            critic of Philips' verse, maintaining that
            his own was far superior, so that literary
            society of the day was divided in its allegiance.
            When Philips produced a poem
            written for the infant daughter of Lord
            Carteret which was especially cloying in
            its sentimentality, therefore, its publication
            sent dramatist and critic Henry
            Carey - a supporter of Pope - scurrying
            for his pen. He it was who coined Namby
            Pamby, though Pope was swift to join the
            attack and make use of the nickname.

            Dr Johnson is gentler in his assessment
            of Philips' poetry, however. In his Life of
            Philips, he writes: 'The pieces that please
            best are those which, from Pope and
            Pope's adherents, procured him the name
            of Namby Pamby.'

            It is an advance: for decades, the prevailing
            official and social attitude was that
            therapy was a namby-pamby luxury, and

            more than these monsters deserved.
            GOOD HOUSEKEEPING, September 1991.

            usage: informal

            needle: like looking for a needle
            in a haystack

            a near-impossible search for something

            An old alternative for 'haystack', which
            was current in this expression from the
            sixteenth to the eighteenth centuries, was
            'bottle of hay'. 'Bottle' was an old word
            for a bundle of hay or straw, from the Old
            French botel, a diminutive form of botte,
            meaning 'a bundle'. The expression is
            very evocative of the total impossibility
            of a search - the thin needle in amongst
            the long slim stalks of the haystack or
            bundle.

            Radio 5's needles in a haystack The diversity
            of the Radio 5 schedules means that
            it hasn't a natural, day-long audience to
            target. But it does mean that there should
            be at least one small treasure there for

            everybody; if we can find it.
            GUARDIAN, September 2, 1991.

            nest egg, a

            part of one's savings put aside as a reserve
            for the future

            Until the advent of factory farming, a
            common country trick to encourage hens
            to lay more eggs was to put a porcelain
            egg in the nest. In the same way, a small
            sum of money set aside for future use is
            an inducement to the saver to add to it
            and watch it grow.

            Home, for most of us, is as much a nest
            egg as a place to hang our hat, and with
            the property market now in the doldrums,
            many people are delaying plans to move,
            opting instead to stay put and add to their
            existing homes, with a view to selling when
            things pick up.

            GOOD HOUSEKEEPING, May 1991.

            Living in a nest-egg Once again a home
            will be the best investment, says Anatole

            Kaletsky.
            HEADLINE, THE TIMES, May 6, 1992.

                evince -p 142 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/en-idiomdict2.pdf &

            nest: to feather one's (own) nest

            to provide, probably by dishonest means,
            for one's future financial security

            The allusion is to those breeds of bird
            who, having made their nests, line them
            with the softest feathers, plucked from
            their own breasts or found on the ground,
            to provide comfort for themselves while
            incubating their eggs and later for their
            young. The phrase is often used in a critical
            tone to suggest that those who are
            feathering their nests are doing so dishonestly.
            John Bunyan used it in this
            sense in Pilgrim's Progress (1680): 'Mr
            Badman had well feathered his Nest with
            other men's goods and money.'

            Neither party had any strong basis of support
            in the country, which tended to distrust
            them both, the Tories because they
            were supposed to oppose all change and
            the Whigs because they were popularly
            suspected of using office to feather their

            own nests.
            SIR ARTHUR BRYANT, English Saga, 1942-50.

            Rarely has the feeling been so strong that
            the US system of government has broken
            down, that the Washington establishment
            is beholden to lobbies and special interest
            groups, more concerned to feather its own

            nest than tend to the country's future.
            INDEPENDENT, May 5, 1992.

            nest: to foul one's own nest

            to prejudice one's interests

            A proverb which moralises 'It is a foul
            bird that defiles its own nest' has been in
            existence for almost a thousand years and
            alludes to the observation that birds do
            not excrete in their nests and remove the
            - nettle» 135

            waste of their young, so keeping the nest
            clean for the brood.

            They said at first that he was a monster
            against life, that he had fouled his own
            nest. Then they said he had turned against
            the South, his mother, and spat upon her
            and defiled her. Then they levelled against
            him the most withering charge they could

            think of, and said he was 'not Southern'.
            THOMAS WOLFE, You Can't Go Home Again,
            1940.

            The narrow streets of Menerbes are now
            full of 'Les Britiches', both tourists and
            prospective house owners, who want to eat
            what Mayle ate, drink a muscat on his café
            terrace, meet the appealingly dotty tradespeople
            who appear in A Year In Provence
            and Toujours Provence and buy up every
            barn in sight. This has got the author into
            trouble with discreet, long-established
            British residents of the Luberon who

            accuse him of fouling the nest.
            OBSERVER, September 15, 1991.

            nettle: to grasp the nettle

            to face a problem with determination

            The nettle, which causes so much discomfort
            when lightly touched, has been
            used for centuries for its medicinal and
            nutritious properties. In one of his poems
            (1745), John Gay advises 'Nettle's tender
            shoots, to cleanse the blood' and John
            Wesley in his Primitive Physick (1747)
            urges 'Take an ounce of nettle juice'. But
            how did intrepid cottagers gather this
            stinging plant? Aaron Hill's poem, The
            Nettle's Lesson (1743), tells the secret:

            Tender-handed stroke a nettle,
            And it stings you for your pains;
            Grasp it like a man of mettle,
            And it soft as silk remains.
            136 nick of time +

                evince -p 143 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/en-idiomdict2.pdf &

            ' Through the centuries, idioms have
            ; nearly always been looked down on.
            In the eighteenth century, Addison
            warned against their use in poetry and
            in the seventeenth Dr Johnson had
            laboured in his dictionary 'to refine
            our language to grammatical purity
            and to clear it from colloquial barbar.
            isms, licentious idioms and irregular
            combinations'. There is not much
            charity for the humble idiom there.
            Many writers, Henry James for
            instance, have tried to steer clear of
            them. Students in a 1960s textbook
            were warned against even slightly colloquial
            idioms as 'phrases which .
            should not be used in the drawing

            ,

            room .

            oeeekee«ceeeseeerekfegeee#eee#e##s##%*# 8 # # # © # @

            At last courage was found to grasp the
            nettle firmly, and in February 1778 the
            almost moribund Congress sent an invitation
            to the several States to elect delegates
            to a convention to meet at Philadelphia in
            May for the sole purpose of revising the

            Articles of Confederation.
            J. T. ADAMS, The Epic of America, 1931.

            We couldn't resource both libraries . . .
            The first nettle to grasp, therefore, was to
            close one library and concentrate on the

            other.
            TIMES EDUCATIONAL SUPPLEMENT, June 28,
            1991.

            nick of time, in the

            at the very last minute, only just in time
            (said of a desired outcome)

            A tally, or nick-stick, was used to keep
            track of time, of points in sporting events,
            of commercial transactions and (till as
            late as 1826) of official government book
            keeping records. With the widespread use
            of the tally it is not surprising that reference
            to it should enter popular parlance.
            To nick it down, for instance, meant 'to
            record something' and fo nick the nick 'to
            hit the right time' for something.

            In the nick of time is the only extant
            expression. It probably has sporting
            origins. Team scores were notched up on
            nick-sticks and when a winning point or
            goal was scored just before the end of the
            contest it was 'in the nick of time'.

            The patient's hand suddenly swooped
            down on the sterile field and was grabbed
            in the nick of time. 'Don't they restrain the

            patients here?' I asked. No, they did not.
            THOMAS HALE, On the Far Side of Liglig Mountain,
            1989.

            usage: informal

            nine days' wonder, a

            something which arouses great interest
            that quickly fades

            A fourteenth-century author, possibly
            Chaucer, reminds us that 'A wonder last
            but nyne night never in toune.' What this
            wonder is, however, is open to speculation.
            One theory is that the phrase originates
            from the Catholic 'Novena',
            festivals of nine days' duration, in which
            the statue of the saint being honoured is
            carried through the streets, accompanied
            by relics and votive offerings. According
            to Hargrave, the Latin root is novenus,
            'nine each', which not uncommonly was
            confused with novus, 'new, wonderful',
            thus perhaps reinforcing the wonder
            element of the English phrase. A more
            down-to-earth interpretation is that the
            festival focuses attention for nine days but
            is soon forgotten in the anticipation of
            and preparation for the next.

                evince -p 144 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/en-idiomdict2.pdf &

            Or the phrase may refer to kittens
            and puppies, whose eyes remain shut
            for about nine days after birth, during
            which time they experience a wondrous
            existence before coming into the world
            of reality.

            Some of the elder men, returning
            through the dewy darkness, would be
            seen showing the catch to a friend and

            provide a nine days' wonder.
            EDMUND BLUNDEN, The Face of England, 'The
            Hop Leaf', 1932.

            nip something in the bud, to

            to prevent a problem growing by dealing
            with it at an early stage

            Good gardeners are not afraid of pinching
            out new shoots or buds before they
            develop fully in order to encourage
            sturdier growth on the main stems and a
            better show of fruit or flowers. The
            emphasis of the idiom is not so much on
            early excision of a healthy shoot in
            order to develop better growth later,
            but on stopping an unhealthy development
            in its initial stages.

            From at least the fifteenth-century
            anyone abandoned to his difficulties was
            said to be left in the briers, a brier being
            a thorny bush. Briers, therefore, meant
            'troubles' or 'vexations'. A seventeenthcentury
            proverb speaks of nipping briers
            in the bud. James Kelly includes it in
            Scottish Proverbs (1721) and Thomas
            Fuller records it together with this useful
            definition: 'Jt is good to prevent by
            wholesome correction, the vicious inclinations
            of children.' Nip the Briar in the
            Bud (Gnomologia, 1732). It is better to
            deal with a problem in its infancy than
            allow it to come into full flower.
            «nose» 137

            The tragedy is, this sort of anti-social
            behaviour can be nipped in the bud provided
            that appropriate action is taken at

            an early stage.
            DAILY MAIL, August 22, 1991.

            no holds barred

            without restriction, with no regard to
            fairness, by any means possible

            This is a wrestling term and refers to a
            no-holds-barred contest, that is one
            where the usual rules and restrictions
            are lifted and competitors are permitted
            to use any means they can to throw
            their opponents or keep their shoulders
            pinned to the floor.

            A hard hitting TV commercial . . . will
            spearhead the Government's £1 million
            Christmas anti drink-drive campaign.
            The no-holds-barred commercial
            follows the equally uncompromising
            Christmas 1990 advert which showed a
            six-year-old girl in tears as her distraught
            mother shouted at her father who killed
            a child when he was driving while

            drunk.
            EVENING STANDARD, December 2, 1991.

            nose: to pay through the nose

            to pay an exorbitant price for something

            A rather grizzly explanation is that following
            their successful invasion of
            Ireland in the ninth century the Danes
            imposed a hefty tax upon the people.
            Those who refused or omitted to pay it
            suffered the penalty of having their
            noses slit. It should be said, however,
            that no historical evidence has ever
            been found to support the theory.
            138

                evince -p 145 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/en-idiomdict2.pdf &

            A life on the ocean waves

            Each kind and area of human activity has its own vocabulary of words,
            metaphors and idioms. Sportsmen, musicians, agricultural workers, managers,
            lawyers, sailors, all have terms peculiar to themselves to describe
            their own domain of interest. Some of their expressions find a wider use
            in analogous but non-specialist situations: the farmer talks of life in terms
            of farming; the sportsman describes business as training, racing and winning;
            the seaman uses his nautical vocabulary to describe the problems
            he meets on land. The most striking or useful of these images and phrases
            from the subgroups are often taken up by the majority, and so new fixed
            expressions join the standard language. It's not cricket (page 201) looks
            at how one sport has enriched the general language stock of idioms.
            Sailors, not surprisingly, have contributed over centuries far more vivid
            metaphors and idioms, to what has been traditionally a seafaring nation.
            Some of the terms in the following list are clearly nautical metaphors;
            others' maritime origins are genuine but not superficially obvious; still
            others may originate elsewhere, though at the very least some authorities
            attribute them to naval life.

            to bear down upon to find one's bearings
            to be in the same boat to hold aloof

            to make way to be first rate

            to throw over to skylark

            to cut adrift from to clear the decks

            to weather the storm to take the helm

            to take the wind out of someone's to swim against the stream
            sails

            to see how the land lies to pour oil on troubled waters
            to cut and run to forge ahead

            to go ahead to know the ropes

            to overhaul to sink or swim

            to turn in to go by the board

            to touch bottom to stem the tide

            to have in tow to have leeway to make up

                evince -p 146 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/en-idiomdict2.pdf &

            to leave the sinking ship

            to have no shot left in the locker
            to fall foul of

            to keep abreast of

            to pull together

            to trim one's sails

            to steer clear of

            to put one's oar in

            to keep in watertight compartments
            to give someone a wide berth
            to be on one's beam ends

            to sail under false colours
            when one's ship comes in

            on the crest of a wave

            on the lookout

            all told

            three sheets to the wind

            the lie of the land

            lump sum

            all hands on deck

            on the wrong tack

            on the stocks

            hard and fast

            taken aback

            cross currents

            tell that to the marines

            at close quarters

            by and large

            high and dry

            up the pole

            the cut of one's jib

            Extensive though this list is, it is by
            the influence on the national culture ;
            pervasive. It is a moot point if milit
            whether The Bible and Shakespeare
            139

            plain sailing

            to keep one's head above water
            to nail one's colours to the mast
            to give way

            to make headway

            to take it easy

            to launch into

            to tide someone over

            to sail close to the wind

            to keep a weather eye open
            to show one's true colours
            to be broad in the beam

            the coast is clear

            in deep water

            in the offing

            out of one's depth

            all at sea

            left stranded

            hard lines

            there's the hitch

            in the wake of

            hand over hand

            shipshape and Bristol fashion
            the man at the helm

            round robin

            on the rocks

            at a low ebb

            in the doldrums

            underway

            to show a leg

            distress signals

            'no means comprehensive. Clearly,
            and language from this source is very
            ary or rural life has surpassed it, or
            (see page 180) come near.
            140 -oil
                evince -p 147 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/en-idiomdict2.pdf &

            There is a less gruesome, though still
            messy, alternative. Rhino has been slang
            for 'money' since the seventeenth century.
                The word is very similar to the
            Greek rhinos, meaning 'nose', which is
            the root of 'rhinoceros'. The animal is so
            called because of the prominent horns on
            its nose. The suggestion is that the phrase
            connects the idea of being bled for money
            with a nosebleed. The fact that the
            expression came into written English no
            earlier than the end of the seventeenth
            century makes this theory the more convincing
            of the two.

            Made them pay for it most unconscionably

            and through the nose.
            ANDREW MARVELL, The Rehearsal Transpos'd,
            1672.

            Greer says that by developing policies and
            the means of implementing them, pooling
            knowledge and finding a means to pass it
            on, big companies can save smaller ones
            from having to reinvent the wheel or pay
            through the nose for advice.

            FINANCIAL TIMES, November 13, 1991.
            Restaurant wine-drinkers pay through the
            nose. It is an impertinent little wine: drink
            it at Le Gavroche in Mayfair and a bottle
            of Chateau Lafite 1970 will cost you £560.
            Drink it at Ard-na-Coille hotel, near
            Inverness, and it will cost a quarter the
            price. If you flew to Scotland and hired a
            taxi to the hotel you would still have

            change in your pocket.
            THE SUNDAY TIMES, June 28, 1992.

            oil: to pour oil on troubled waters

            to soothe a quarrel, to calm a heated
            argument

            That stormy waters could be quelled by
            pouring oil on to them was known at least
            as far back as the first century AD. Pliny
            knew the fact and Plutarch wrestles with
            the science:

            Why does pouring oil on the sea make
            it still and calm? Is it because the winds,
            slipping over the smooth oil, have no
            force, nor cause any waves? (Moralia:
            Quaestiones Naturales, cAD 95).

            But the phrase might owe its origin to
            the Venerable Bede who, in his Ecclesiastical
            History (completed in 731), recounts
            a miracle performed by Bishop Aidan. A
            priest by the name of Utta was charged
            with escorting King Oswy's bride across
            the sea. Before he left he was approached
            by the bishop, who gave him a phial of
            holy oil. The bishop prophesied that there
            would be a fierce storm at sea but
            promised Utta that, if he were to cast the
            oil upon the water, the storm would
            immediately cease and the journey home
            would be safe and calm. The storm arose
            as Bishop Aidan foretold, the waves
            began to fill the vessel and the sailors
            were in despair, but Utta remembered
            the oil and the sea was calmed.

            Strangely, however, the phrase was not
            widely used until the nineteenth century,
            the suggested explanation for this being
            that, until then, oil was not available in
            the great quantities needed to still rough
            seas.

            Today we use the oil of soothing words
            or deeds to calm stormy disputes.

            It was, Curry judged, her sense of importance
            that was hurt. He hastened to pour
            oil on the troubled waters. 'I'm very sorry,
            Mrs Strete. Perhaps you don't quite know
            how we set about these things. We start,
            you know, with the less important

            evidence.'
            AGATHA CHRISTIE, They Do It With Mirrors,
            1952.

                evince -p 148 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/en-idiomdict2.pdf &

            Pearson pours oil on troubled interim

            newspaper profits.
            HEADLINE, THE TIMES, August 13, 1991.

            over-egg the pudding, to

            to exaggerate, to spoil something by
            going too far

            To add too many eggs to a pudding, or
            even to add any at all to the instant cake
            mixes that claim none is necessary, is to
            go too far, to be excessive. Hence the
            current meaning of 'to exaggerate'.

            This has become a common journalistic
            idiom in recent years.

            On TV news yesterday lunchtime, BBC
            Political Editor John Cole claimed that the
            chances of a November election had

            always been 'greatly over-egged'.
            DAILY MAIL, October 2, 1991.

            usage: informal

            paddle one's own canoe, to

            to take total responsibility for one's own
            direction in life, to do one's own thing

            This is an American phrase which originated
            in the West and was used to describe
            any young man who intended to be the
            'architect of his own fortune'. The expression
            was brought to popular attention
            as a recurring line in an inspirational
            poem which was published in Harper's
            Monthly in May 1854.

            Voyager upon life's sea,

            To yourself be true;

            And, whate'er your lot may be,
            Paddle your own canoe.
            + paint the town red+ 141

            Leave to Heaven, in humble trust,
            All you will to do;

            But if you would succeed, you must
            Paddle your own canoe.

            This extract gives a fair idea of the subject
            and tone of the rest.

            Now is your chance, Europe. Now let Hell
            loose and get your own back, and paddle
            your own canoe on a new sea, while clever
            America lies on her muck-heaps of gold,
            strangled in her own barbed wire of shalt
            not ideals and shalt-not moralisms.
            D. H. LAWRENCE, Selected Essays, 'Benjamin
            Franklin', 1917-18.

            Even if I can't quite achieve such - such
            splendour, there are other lessons for me.
            There's the lesson of paddling my own
            canoe, for instance - not just weighing
            down somebody else's and imagining I'm

            Steering it!
            NOEL COWARD, Design for Living, 1932.

            usage: A strong flavour of the independent
            individualist of the North American
            wilds.

            paint the town red, to

            to go out on a spree, to indulge in excessive
            revelry

            The phrase is American in origin and
            dates from around 1880, coming into
            British English in the 1890s. One American
            authority says that 'to paint' was once
            a slang term for to drink, and hazards the
            suggestion that the term is a reference to
            the red nose and flushed cheeks caused
            by excessive alcohol.

            More likely is the theory advanced by
            other US authorities that the phrase
            alludes to revelling cowboys having a
            142 «pale 
                evince -p 149 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/en-idiomdict2.pdf &

            good time by shooting up a town and issuing
            a defiant warning that they would
            paint it red if anyone tried to stop them.

            They had reached the cow town after sixty
            or ninety days of hard work, from daybreak
            to dark on the trail, eighteen long
            hours of tenseness and strain every day.

            No wonder they painted the town red.
            L. HUBERMAN, We, the People, 1932.

            I was getting awfully fed up with London.
            It's so damn slow. I came back meaning
            to have a good time, you know, paint the

            place a bit red, and all that.
            EVELYN WAUGH, Vile Bodies, 1930.

            usage: informal

            pale: beyond the pale

            outside civilised society or limits, beyond
            acceptable conduct

            Pale comes from the Latin palum meaning
            'stake'. In English it came to mean a
            fence around a territory which was under
            a particular authority, such as a cathedral
            pale. By extension this came to apply to
            the limit of political jurisdiction. For
            example, there was an English pale
            around the part of Ireland under English
            rule in the fourteenth century and around
            Calais from 1347-1558. Life within the
            pale was civilised; beyond, barbaric.
            Nowadays the phrase is more generally
            applied to any behaviour or statement
            that the speaker disapproves of.

            Socially he was almost beyond the pale.
            His mother, a gaunt little widow of a
            drunken loafer, supported herself and her

            son by scrubbing out sundry shops.
            A. J. CRONIN, Adventures in Two Worlds, 1952.
            The boiler was thought to be quite beyond
            the pale. Boilers with the same heat output

            are now half the size.
            GOOD HOUSEKEEPING, March 1991.

            A lost job pushes them close to the welfare
            underclass, only recently considered
            reserved for those beyond the pale of
            mainstream society. Class mixes uncomfortably
            with race, and some already talk
            of 'caste'.

            DAILY TELEGRAPH, May 18, 1992.

            usage: Outside the pale is an alternative,
            though less common.

            Pandora's box

            a seemingly harmless situation fraught
            with hidden difficulties

            Prometheus offended the gods. In
            revenge Jupiter ordered Pandora, the
            first woman, to be made. Jupiter gave
            Pandora a box which she was to offer to
            the man she married. Prometheus was
            wary of Pandora, but his brother, Epimethius,
            married her and, though warned
            against it, accepted the box. The moment
            he opened it, all the problems and wickedness
            which afflict mankind were loosed
            to do their worst and have done so ever
            since. All that was left in the bottom of
            the box was Hope.

            The Eighteenth was a Sceptical Century;
            in which little word there is a whole Pan
            dora's Box of miseries.
            THOMAS CARLYLE, On Heroes and Hero Worship,
            1840.

            Pandora's box was opened for him, and
            all the pains and griefs his imagination had

            ever figured were abroad.
            MRS E. LYNN LINTON, Paston Carew, 1886.

                evince -p 150 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/en-idiomdict2.pdf &

            In France those passions could not be
            reabsorbed: Pandora's box had been
            opened, and the only hope remaining

            seemed to be Napoleon. . .
            OBSERVER REVIEW, July 28, 1991.

            'When we allow doctors to take over the
            area of communal life that is concerned
            with how we communicate and how we
            morally judge, we ppen a Pandora's box.
            I'm not suggesting that there is a conscious
            conspiracy, it's rather a collective urge, a
            sort of Puritan desire to be smacked with
            one of Mummy State's hands, while being

            stroked with the other.'
            THE TIMES, June 15, 1992.

            usage: literary

            parrot: as sick as a parrot
            extremely disappointed

            See over the moon. Rees (1990) provides
            two possible explanations for sick as a
            parrot. Aphra Benn amongst others in the
            seventeenth and eighteenth centuries
            used 'melancholy as a (sick) parrot'. In
            the early 1970s several people fell seriously
            ill with a disease known as psittacosis
            or parrot fever which was common
            amongst cage birds and can be caught by
            man. Given the widespread use of the
            phrase in sporting contexts, could it be
            that it was coined then by an imaginative
            footballer called upon to describe his disappointment
            after losing a vital game?

            It was about fifty years too early to be as
            sick as a parrot, but Chapman did manage
            to communicate his disgust so effectively
            that two of his players never again kicked

            a ball for the club.
            COBUILD CORPUS.
            * parting shot» 143

            The average footballer faced with the stock
            inquiry: 'How did you feel when you had
            an open goal and missed?' mumbles the
            stock reply: 'I felt sick as a parrot.' The
            caricature hasn't always been that far from
            the truth, but Lineker is refreshingly dif
            ferent: modest and articulate.
            COBUILD CORPUS, BBC World Service, 1989.

            usage: colloquial

            see also: over the moon

            parting shot, a

            a final, pithy or wounding remark, to
            which the listener has no chance of

            replying

            Originally @ Parthian shot, the expression
            refers to the war tactics of the
            Parthians, an ancient people of southwest
            Asia. These skilled mounted archers
            would feign retreat, then, twisting round
            in their saddles, fire backwards with
            deadly accuracy on to the enemy in
            pursuit.

            Parthian military strategies were
            known to Ovid:

            Flee: by flight the Parthian is still safe
            from his foe.
            (Remediorum Amoris, c1BC)

            References to Parthian wars are found
            throughout seventeenth-century English
            literature. A Parthian shot was used in the
            nineteenth century and was still in use in
            the first quarter of this century until parting
            shot gained currency. This was
            through the similarity in pronunciation
            between Parthian and parting, together
            with an association of ideas: the Parthian
            shot was indeed a parting shot.
            144 - pastures new +

                evince -p 151 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/en-idiomdict2.pdf &

            Clenching his fist on the paper, George
            crammed it into his pocket. He could not
            resist a parting shot.

            'H'mm! All flourishing at home? Any
            little Soameses yet?'
            JOHN GALSWORTHY, The Man of Property, 1906.

            usage: A Parthian shot is still found but is
            dated and literary. A parting shot is preferred
            by most speakers and authors.

            pastures new

            a change of place or activity

            This is part of a line from Lycidas (1637),
            a poem by John Milton:

            At last he rose, and twitch'd his mantle
            blue;

            Tomorrow to fresh Woods, and Pastures
            new.

            The full expression should be fresh woods
            and pastures new, though fresh fields and
            pastures new is a common misquotation.
            Fortunately the shorter pastures new
            stands all by itself and is heard more often
            these days.

            About 1875, Boston had reached an equilibrium.
            Its finality was a proof of the laws
            of physics. This was truly true, at least,
            sufficiently so for Howells, who felt an

            insistent need of pastures new.
            V. W. BROOKS, New England: Indian Summer, 1940.

            Nor did the intellectuals rise in furious
            defense of freedom of expression when the
            Catholic Legion of Decency imposed a
            censorship upon the movies in 1934-35.
            They were tired of all that, and their protests
            were faint. They had turned to fresh

            woods and pastures new.
            F. L. ALLEN, Since Yesterday, 1940.
            Yesterday these two gentle giants [horses]
            were celebrating the end of a lifetime of
            hard work as they settled into pastures
            new. The horses - once used for pulling
            beer drays - trotted along to the Whitbread
            Hop Farm at Paddock Wood, Kent,
            because the firm is closing its Central
            London brewery, home to shires since

            1897.
            DAILY MAIL, August 7, 1991.

            pecking order, the

            the social hierarchy which dictates one's
            relationship to those above and below
            one

            A strict hierarchy known as the pecking
            order operates within the hen coop. The
            pecking order is dominated by one particular
            hen who has the right to peck all
            the others indiscriminately without being
            pecked back. The other hens all have
            their places below her and know that they
            may peck any bird lower in the order but
            never one above them. Inevitably there is
            one lowly creature who is_ pecked
            viciously by all her sisters but may herself
            only peck grain. Similar patterns of dominance
            exist both in human society as a
            whole and within the groups and organisations
            it divides itself into and, by analogy,
            these structures have come to be
            known as pecking orders.

            At both houses and at Philips, selling on
            Wednesday, there are cast-offs galore.
            Elvis Presley's bathrobe, Sylvester Stallone's
            denim anorak from First Blood,
            Michael Jackson's sequinned jackets, hat,
            belt and boots, Mama Cass's kaftan and
            that Madonna basque have estimates varying
            from hundreds to thousands, according
            to pecking order.
            THE SUNDAY TIMES, August 11, 1991.

                evince -p 152 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/en-idiomdict2.pdf &

            There is a pecking order among those
            weird young people who smile at you sadly
            when your terminal starts playing up, and
            then sit down and engage the machine in
            a conversation that is way beyond your
            ken. They know what the 'right stuff' is,
            as Tom Wolfe called it, and they acknowledge,
            and are suitably reverential towards,
            those who have it. There is the girl who
            writes 'elegant code', that guy who writes
            'beautiful code' and the hot-shot who
            writes 'inspired code', but who is also terribly
            untidy and needs a lot of de-bugging.
            DAILY TELEGRAPH, May 1992.

            Humans generally produce single offspring,
            and the pecking order grows more
            complicated when your first born feels his
            sovereignty is being usurped by a new
            arrival. Both parents are tired, everyone is
            going around on tiptoe, and no one con
            sulted the existing child anyway.
            DAILY TELEGRAPH, May 29, 1992.

            penny dropped, the

            the joke, remark or point of the argument
            has suddenly been grasped

            The phrase probably alludes to the slot
            machines found on piers and in penny
            arcades. They are motionless and unresponsive
            until the penny drops inside but
            then they come to life. Similarly a person
            who does not understand a joke or
            remark made to him does not react as one
            would expect until the penny drops. The
            earliest machines date back to the 1880s
            but their popularity increased until there
            were more than two hundred models on
            offer by the 1930s. Scenes on early cinematographic
            machines hinted at the
            macabre or the titillating; to find out what
            the butler saw, be part of the crowd at an
            execution or admire the charms of 'The
            - pickles 145

            Tiger Lady', all one needed to do was
            drop a penny in the slot. By 1935 it was
            possible to ogle 'That Boy on Palm
            Beach' for the same price, just one

            penny.

            He had reached Naples before the penny
            dropped. As she would, given time, have
            told him, she couldn't possibly fly out: all
            her cash had gone on the wasted ticket to
            Rome.

            OBSERVER REVIEW, July 28, 1991.

            Attitudes were changing in both countries.
            'The penny has slowly dropped that far
            from it being an advantage to be associated
            with hostages, it is a positive millstone,'

            said a British diplomat.
            THE SUNDAY TIMES, August 11, 1991.

            pickle: in a pickle

            in a difficult situation, in a mess

            Pickled and salted vegetables and meat
            were an important part of the diet in the
            Middle Ages. There would be no fresh
            food to be had during the long hard winter
            months and pickled produce not only
            added a little variety to a plain and tedious
            diet but also disguised the flavour of
            food which was starting to go bad. To be
            in a pickle came over from Holland in the
            sixteenth century. The Dutch version was
            in de pekel zitten, 'to sit in the pickle',
            pekel being the liquid, brine or vinegar,
            in which the food was preserved. In past
            centuries people have sought to emphasise
            the phrase with a variety of adjectives,
            amongst them ill, sad and sweet.
            Today we might say in a fine or pretty
            pickle if we wanted to stress the difficulty
            we found ourselves in.

            The two same intensifiers, fine and
            pretty, are also commonly found in kettle
            146 « pig ina poke +

            of fish, another phrase with a similar
            meaning.

                evince -p 153 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/en-idiomdict2.pdf &

            Thou shalt be whipt with wire, and stew'd
            in brine,

            Smarting in lingering pickle.

            WILLIAM SHAKESPEARE, Antony and Cleopatra,
            1606.

            Mr Menaby was, as he put it, in pickle.
            He knew that he could sell the new arrival
            [the calf ] to his cousin Ralph, in Virginia;
            but, on the other hand, had he a right to

            do it?
            ROBERT NATHAN, The Enchanted Voyage, 1937.

            At that opportune moment the stool report
            came back showing roundworms and
            hookworms, whereupon I _ grandly
            announced that all her problems were due
            to these little parasites living in her intestines
            and that she'd be well in a jiffy.
            There's nothing like a timely stool exam to

            get you out of a pickle.
            THOMAS HALE, On the Far Side of Liglig Mountain,
            1989.

            usage: colloquial

            see also: kettle of fish

            pig in a poke, a
            a purchase that was not properly examined
            before it was made

            It was the custom in old country fairs to
            sell suckling pigs. The trader would have
            one pig on show and the rest would be
            neatly tied in sacks, or 'pokes', ready to
            take away. Not all traders were honest,
            however, and some would put cats into
            the 'pokes'. The unwary customer would
            pay for his pig only to discover the deception
            later, but the more wary fellow
            would untie his sack to check his purchase.
            (See to let the cat out of the bag.)

            The phrase is semi-proverbial and
            reflects the wisdom of European peoples
            over many centuries. The earliest forms
            of the phrase throughout Europe speak
            only of 'buying in a sack', that is of buying
            without first inspecting. Later forms warn
            against 'buying a cat in a poke', and this
            is the version that has remained in other
            European languages. The pig is an English
            variation. Although the phrase is an
            old one, the accompanying expression fo
            let the cat out of the bag is much more
            recent and does not appear to have
            equivalents in other languages.

            Incidentally, the Middle English word
            poke is also the root of our present-day
            word pocket, meaning 'little poke'.

            I can't buy a pig in a poke ... Let me
            know what you've got to sell, and then
            maybe I'll make a bid for it.

            MURRAY, John Vale's Guardian, 1890.

            Miss Trant had seen an advertisement in
            The Stage, offering this theatre at a fairly
            moderate rent, and had taken it for a
            week, in spite of Jimmy's advice. 'It's buying
            a pig in a poke,' he said darkly, but
            Miss Trant refused to be warned, and was
            encouraged by most of the others, who
            were anxious to see themselves on the stage

            of a real theatre.
            J. B. PRIESTLEY, The Good Companions, 1929.

            All he can do is feel around in the dark.
            That's the surest way I know to buy a pig
            in a poke.

            ERSKINE CALDWELL, Love and Money, 1954.
            Well, I wasn't going to buy a pig in a poke
            for Auntie Gladys and there was much
            nasal cogitation before I eventually settled

            on Evening Impressions. . .
            MID SUSSEX TIMES, November 1, 1991.

            see also: to let the cat out of the bag

                evince -p 154 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/en-idiomdict2.pdf &

            pigeon-hole someone, to

            to classify; to put on one side

            Our medieval ancestors kept pigeons as
            domestic birds, not for racing but for their
            meat. Pigeon holes were the openings set
            in a wall or a purpose-built dovecote in
            which the birds nested. By 1789 the
            arrangement of compartments in writing
            cabinets and offices used to sort and file
            documents had come to be known as
            pigeon holes because of their resemblance
            to the pigeon cote. By the mid
            nineteenth century pigeon hole was being
            used as a verb meaning either to put a
            matter to one side with the intention of
            coming back to it later, or to classify
            information.

            How do you behave at fortysomething?
            Your lifestyle, children and job will often
            dictate much of what you do. But that's
            not like saying you should pigeon-hole
            yourself into adopting a 'typically middle
            aged' outlook on life.
            DAILY EXPRESS, October 8, 1991.

            usage: When people are pigeon-holed,
            there is a nuance that the judgement of
            them implicit in classification might well
            be wrong. It suggests categorising someone
            on a partial or unfair basis. The
            hyphen may be omitted.

            piggy in the middle

            a third party between two opposing
            groups

            There is an old children's game called pig,
            or piggy, in the middle in which two or
            more players throw a ball to each other,
            trying hard to keep it out of the reach of
            the hapless child who has been chosen to
            » pikestaff + 147

            be pig in the middle. The frustrated 'pig'
            shadows the other players, trying all the
            while to catch the ball.

            By extension the context of use can
            now be rival politicians, factions in an
            office, etc. Someone who feels between
            the groups, trapped and pressured from
            both sides, is piggy in the middle. In the
            original game, children might choose to
            be the piggy; in the adult version it is not
            an enviable situation.

            'When Larry and the children are all here
            I feel like a pig in the middle,' says Wendy
            Miller.

            GOOD HOUSEKEEPING, September 1991.

            usage: informal

            totally obvious, evident; easy to
            understand

            Some authorities believe that the phrase
            refers to the pike, a weapon used by the
            infantry. The pike was rather like a spear,
            but its shaft was so very long that it was
            easily visible to all around.

            This explanation fits in very neatly with
            the modern meaning of 'extremely obvious'.
            However, another theory put forward,
            and supported by sixteenth-century
            references, suggests that the expression
            has changed in form and shifted in meaning
            over the years. Pedlars shouldered a
            sturdy staff, known as a packstaff, on to
            which they tied their bundle. Constant
            use wore the wood plain, and so we find
            the comparison plain as a_ packstaff:
            'Pack-staffe plaine, uttring the thing they
            ment' (Bishop Joseph Hall, Satires, 1597).

            Plain as a pikestaff was a later sixteenth-century
            variant.
            148 - pipeline 
                evince -p 155 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/en-idiomdict2.pdf &

            The comparison with a second kind
            of staff refers to the use in the Middle
            Ages by those who travelled on foot of a
            pikestaff, a stout stick with a metal tip, to
            help them along the way. The pikestaff
            was a simple, utilitarian affair, and the
            simile plain as a pikestaff originally meant
            just that, 'basic, unelaborate'. Thus, in
            Charles Cotton's Scarronides (1664) we
            find 'plain as a pike-staff without gilding' .
            When Trollope writes, 'The evidence
            against him was as plain as a pike-staff'
            (The Last Chronicle of Barset, 1867), he
            means not that the evidence was obvious,
            but that it was simple and to the point,
            even blunt.

            He would not give way till he saw young
            Bosinney with an income of his own. That
            June would have trouble with the fellow
            was as plain as a pikestaff; he had no more

            idea of money than a cow.
            JOHN GALSWORTHY, The Man of Property, 1906.

            Yet it is plain as a pikestaff that our judges'
            problem is not their wigs but their lack of
            a real hard resolve to deter the criminal.
            On with your wigs and up with your sen
            tences, I say.
            DAILY EXPRESS. April 30, 1992.

            usage: Despite its long ancestry, the
            phrase remains colloquial.

            pipeline: in the pipeline
            on the way, about to happen, about to be
            implemented

            The phrase is from the oil trade and refers
            to the systems of piping which were
            installed from the 1880s to carry petroleum
            from oil-wells to the refineries.
            Oil which is already in the pipeline is on
            its way to the consumer.
            Now there are six Kookai shops in
            London, with three soon to open in Bromley,
            Hatfield and Sheffield and yet more in

            the pipeline.
            DAILY MAIL, August 8, 1991.

            poker-faced

            straight faced, expressionless

            This phrase is from the gaming tables in
            America and has been in use since 1885.
            It refers to the bland expression adopted
            by a poker shark, determined not to
            betray the value of his hand.

            It should be added that the film is a com
            edy of sorts, less poker-faced than numb.
            DAILY MAIL, August 9, 1991.

            The more persuasive sociological explanation
            is that snooker is the game made for
            television. Like an old-fashioned B-movie
            Western, it offers its poker-faced young

            heroes and its bruised old pros.
            THE TIMES, May 6, 1992.

            'Eventually he simply said, “ICI is down
            a pound,”' even though he must have seen
            the value of his own properties plunging
            by the minute,' recalls Kinloch. 'He had a

            complete poker face.'
            DAILY TELEGRAPH, May 16, 1992.

            pole: up the pole

            out of one's senses, mad; in difficulty

            A pole is another term for a ship's mast
            and, more especially, for that part of the
            mast which is above the rigging. It is hard
            to imagine a more precarious place to be;
            one would have to have taken leave of
            one's senses to shin up there at all as a
            single wrong move might well prove disastrous.

                evince -p 156 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/en-idiomdict2.pdf &

            One can be driven or sent up the pole,
            that is enraged or maddened by someone
            or something. One can even find oneself
            up the wrong pole, meaning that one has
            totally the wrong idea about something.

            I think we may take it for granted that
            our friend Weldon is a bit up the pole,
            financially. However, that's not what I

            came round about.
            DOROTHY L. SAYERS, Have His Carcase, 1932.

            'What poets do you like?' he asked.
            'Blunden,' I said. 'Not bad. Who else?' I
            mentioned another name. 'Up the wrong
            pole.' Another. 'Written ravishing lines
            but has the mind of a ninny.'

            STEPHEN SPENDER, World within World, 1951.
            Fax Machines can drive you up the Pole.
            Waiting to send an often blurred, sometimes
            unreadable fax can be a frustrating
            business - not to mention time wasting and
            inefficient. And yet, you can't work without
            them. It's enough to drive you up the

            pole.
            ADVERTISEMENT, MACWORLD, October 1991.

            usage: Informal. A flexible expression
            that can be used in a variety of forms with
            several different senses.

            post haste

            immediately, with urgency

            In the sixteenth century letters were
            delivered by a relay system of postal
            messengers on horseback. The horses
            would be ridden hard and would need to
            be changed every twenty miles or so.
            Fresh horses were kept ready at various
            posthouses or inns along the way, availiuble
            to ordinary travellers as well as to
            «pot» 149

            the post-boys. To gain prompt attention
            and priority choice of horse, a messenger
            with a packet to deliver would cry, 'Post
            haste!' when he entered the stable yard.

            By return of post, the phrase we now
            use to request an immediate answer to a
            letter, had a much more literal meaning
            when the service was in its infancy. It
            meant that the reply should be carried
            back by the very messenger - that is, the
            'post' - who had just delivered the
            message.

            End to mbnopolies, post haste.
            HEADLINE, TODAY, October 11, 1991.

            The Minister for Overseas Development,
            Mrs Chalker, says she's now gone posthaste
            to Jordan to find out for herself
            what's happening and what more needs to

            be done.
            COBUILD CORPUS: BBC World Service, 1989.

            usage: The phrase is sometimes
            hyphenated.

            pot: to go to pot

            to fall to pieces, to go to ruin

            The  sixteenth-century use of the
            expression suggests a stewpot. The original
            expression seems to have been 'go to
            the pot' and alludes to meat being cut
            up into pieces ready to put into the pot.
            Another explanation is that it was a melting
            pot into which broken metal objects,
            or even stolen articles, were thrown to be
            melted down.

            I shouldn't wonder if the Empire split up
            and went to pot. And this vision of the
            Empire going to pot filled a full quarter of
            an hour with qualms of the most serious

            character.
            JOHN GALSWORTHY, In Chancery, 1920.
            150 + rain cats and dogs +

                evince -p 157 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/en-idiomdict2.pdf &

            He makes the world and then he goes and
            rests on the seventh day and his creation

            can go to pot that day for all he cares.
            GRAHAM GREENE, Loser Takes All, 1955.

            usage: informal

            rain cats and dogs, to

            to rain heavily

            Three theories present themselves for this
            picturesque expression.

            The most vivid suggests that drainage
            in the streets in bygone centuries was so
            inadequate that, during storms, stray
            dogs and cats drowned in the flood. When
            the water level went down, their carcases
            littered the streets. Swift's Description of
            a City Shower (1710) gives us a flavour of
            what it was like:

            Now from all parts the swelling kennels
            flow,

            And bear their trophies with them as
            they go.

            The 'trophies' are numerous, but
            amongst them are:

            Drown'd puppies, stinking sprats, all
            drench'd in mud,

            Dead cats and turnip tops, come tumbling
            down the flood.

            The first written record of the phrase as
            we know it comes in Swift's Polite Conversation
            (1738) and it might be supposed
            that he was merely making an allusion to
            his earlier verse, which would confirm this
            theory and make Swift the author of the
            metaphor. Unfortunately the expression
            was used in a slightly different form in the
            previous century when Richard Brome
            wrote: 'It shall raine . . . dogs and polecats'
            (The City Wit, 1653).
            Alternatively, some authorities believe
            that the phrase may be a corruption of
            the Greek word catadupe, meaning 'cataract'
            or 'waterfall'. In other words the
            original expression had the meaning 'rain
            is coming down like a waterfall'.

            Still others suggest a connection with
            Norse mythology in which witches in the
            guise of cats rode upon storms and the
            storm-god Odin was accompanied by a
            dog.

            There was a danger, when the bumpers
            were raining like cats and dogs, that Viv
            Richards would end his final Test with

            English blood on his hands.
            DAILY MAIL, August 9, 1991.

            usage: informal

            rank and file, the

            the common people, those not in
            leadership

            Rank and file describes the way a body of
            soldiers is drawn up for inspection.
            'Rank' is a line of men standing side by
            side in close order and 'file' a line standing
            one behind the other. The expression
            refers to private, non-commissioned soldiers
            who carry out the orders of those in
            command. It is no longer a purely military
            term and is now used to describe the ordinary
            members of a large organisation or
            political party.

            Flags and banners and catchwords are all
            very well for the rank and file, but the
            leaders know that a political campaign

            can't be carried on without money.
            CHRISTOPHER ISHERWOOD, Mr Norris Changes
            Trains, 1935).

            usage: Particularly common in journalism.

                evince -p 158 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/en-idiomdict2.pdf &

            re-invent the wheel, to

            to re-introduce a former practice, to do
            the same again (particularly  unnecessarily)

            There is no point in putting a lot of effort
            into inventing something if it is already in
            existence. This applies to any invention,
            though the one fixed in the idiom is a
            most fundamental discovery. This
            common phrase is often used in business
            contexts - a cynic might say because the
            emphasis on constant change means
            going back to a previous state or system
            but calling it something different.

            To make it financially worthwhile for
            other people to re-invent your wheel is
            commercial suicide. Apple almost fell into
            that trap a couple of years ago, but pulled
            itself back at the last moment by bringing

            out its low-end Macs and printers.
            MACUSER, October 4, 1991.

            usage: informal

            red herring, a

            anything which diverts (often intentionally)
            people's attention away from the
            main argument

            This is a nineteenth-century expression,
            but we must look at earlier centuries to
            understand its origin.

            A herring that has been dried, salted
            and smoked turns a reddish colour. These
            cured fish have a particularly strong smell
            sO, in medieval times, they were useful as
            a lure for training hounds in stag-hunting.
            Later people who were opposed to hunting,
            fox-hunting in particular, would drag
            a red herring across the fox's trail and
            + redletterday+* 151

            entice the hounds away from the scent of
            their quarry.

            He's been dragging red herrings round this
            house until it smells like Fisherman's

            Wharf.
            CLIFFORD KNIGHT. The Affair of the Fainting
            Butler, 1943.

            In recent years, there has been much
            speculation about the possible role of fish
            oils in the prevention of Britain's number
            one killer, coronary heart disease. As a
            result, the sale of fish oil supplements has
            almost doubled in the last two years. But
            are they a miracle cure or simply a red
            herring? Many scientists are still

            undecided.
            GOOD HOUSEKEEPING, March 1991.

            usage: To draw a red herring across someone's
            path is a less common, older form.

            red letter day, a

            a day to celebrate

            During the fifteenth century it became
            customary to mark all feast days and
            saints' days in red on the calendar whilst
            other days were in black. These were days
            for rejoicing and celebration and so
            people began to refer to days which had
            particular significance for them personally
            as red letter days.

            I'm mighty proud of this privilege to meet
            you. This's a red-letter day for me, and I'll

            remember it as long as I live.
            ERSKINE CALDWELL, Love and Money, 1954).

            August 26th, 1871, had been some sort of
            red-letter day for her. She had said to herself
            then that never would she forget that
            date; and indeed, she remembered it well,
            but she no longer had the faintest notion
            152+ red tape +

            what had happened to stamp it on her

            memory.
            K. A. PORTER, 'The Old Order', 1930.

                evince -p 159 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/en-idiomdict2.pdf &

            usage: As the practice of highlighting
            days in red on calendars has diminished
            in recent years, so has the frequency of
            the expression. The use of the hyphen is
            now optional.

            red tape

            excessive bureaucracy, form-filling

            The phrase originates in the former practice
            of tying together papers and official
            documents with red tape. This procedure
            goes back to the seventeenth century, as
            instanced by an advertisement in the
            Public Intelligencer (December 6, 1658),
            which offered a reward for 'a little bundle
            of papers tied with a red tape which were
            lost on Friday last...' Possibly it was
            Sydney Smith who first used the term to
            satirical effect. Discussing Sir J. Makintosh
            he writes:

            What a man that would be, had he a
            particle of gall, or the least knowledge
            of the value of red tape! As Curran
            said of Grattan, 'he would have governed
            the world.'

            Modern usage has reinforced its use as
            a condemnatory phrase, often an insult of
            a frustrated man doing battle with officialdom.

            Council chiefs were accused yesterday of

            'robbing' schools to spend more on red

            tape.

            DAILY MAIL, August 9, 1991.

            British Red Tape Blocks Colony's Escape

            Route Key workers are fleeing Hong
            Kong for Australia, Singapore and elsewhere
            because civil servants could take up
            to three years to deal with their applications
            for British citizenship.

            OBSERVER, August 25, 1991.

            The Government, due to unveil its proposals
            for extending competition next
            month, also plans to crack down on councils
            which reluctantly invite bids for a
            tender and then put red tape in the way of
            private companies, ensuring that the auth
            ority's own workforce wins the contract.
            DAILY MAIL, October 11, 1991.

            ride roughshod over, to

            to treat someone harshly, to behave in an
            arrogant and domineering manner
            towards someone

            Horses which were roughshod had shoes
            from which the nail-heads projected a
            little. Practically speaking, this helped to
            prevent their feet from slipping on loose
            ground or in wet weather, but to be
            trampled upon or kicked by a roughshod
            horse was no laughing matter.

            It has been claimed that the cavalry of
            a number of different countries tried to
            use their horses as weapons by fitting
            them with shoes fashioned with sharp
            projecting edges. It was calculated that
            the warhorses would damage the steeds in
            the enemy ranks. Instead the idea proved
            impractical since the horses cut into not
            only the adversaries' mounts but those of
            their own company.

            They thought they had only a girl to deal
            with and that, therefore, they could ride
            roughshod over her. But she would show
            them their mistake. They wouldn't have
            dared to have treated her like that if she

            had been a man.
            JAMES JOYCE, Dubliners, 'A Mother', 1914.

                evince -p 160 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/en-idiomdict2.pdf &

            The young royalist squires who now rode
            roughshod over the land had been ill
            schooled for the parts they were to play.
            G. M. TREVELYAN, History of England, 1926.

            ring a bell, to

            to remind someone of something, to jog
            someone's memory (of a_ shared
            experience)

            Speculation abounds as to what kind of
            bell rings when the memory is jogged.
            Some say that the bell is that which
            attracts the attention of a clerk, receptionist
            or servant and that, in the same
            way, something seen or said may suddenly
            focus our attention on a person or
            event stored away in our memory.

            Another offering says that the bell
            could be the one which rings in a shooting
            gallery at the fair when a bull's eye is
            scored. This is dismissed by Funk (1955)
            who feels the expression would have to
            be 'to ring the bell' in order to fit in with
            this theory. Instead he proposes a bell
            which rings a more nostalgic note and
            suggests a school or church bell.

            What this boils down to is that no one
            really knows how the expression came
            about.

            Your letter rang more than a few bells. I'm

            25 and haven't had a normal relationship

            with my mother since I was 14.
            BEST, August 15, 1991.

            usage: informal

            ring of truth, the

            a convincing, authentic account

            See to ring true
            + ring the changes» 153

            It may be that Simpson is inclined to exaggerate
            the degree of disaffection from the
            Saddam regime that he detected among
            ordinary Iraqis, but his individual vignettes
            have the ring of truth.

            THE SUNDAY TIMES, August 11, 1991.

            ring the changes, to

            to do things in as many different ways
            as possible for the sake of variation; to
            reiterate the same message in different

            ways

            The term comes from bell-ringing. The
            seventeenth century saw 'change ringing'
            practised in churches and cathedrals.
            'Changes' are the different orders in
            which bells can be rung. A set of three
            bells, for instance, can be rung in a series
            of six different changes. The more bells
            there are in the belfry, the greater the
            number of possible changes. In a bell
            tower boasting twelve tells it would be
            possible to ring a total of 479,001,600
            changes, which would take some thirtyeight
            years.

            Dixon has a nice story about ringing
            the changes, although in a different sense:
            'He buys sixpence worth of currants,
            tenders half a crown, and gets back two
            shillings as change. Then he says, “Oh,
            here is a sixpence; give me back the halfcrown,”
            which the shopkeeper, taken
            unawares, probably does, and the cheat
            makes off with two shillings.'

            He could apply flattery with so unsparing
            a hand that even Princes of the Church
            found it sufficient; and, on occasion, he
            could ring the changes of torture on a
            human soul with a tact which called forth

            universal approbation.
            LYTTON STRACHEY, Eminent Victorians, 'Cardinal
            Manning', 1918.
            154 ring true/false +

                evince -p 161 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/en-idiomdict2.pdf &

            On these and other charges against the
            Administration endless changes were rung
            in the conservative press, in the speeches
            of conservative business men and political

            leaders.
            F. L. ALLEN, Since Yesterday, 1940.

            Shops ring changes to counter slump.
            HEADLINE, DAILY EXPRESS, October 8, 1991.

            ring true/false, to

            to give the appearance of being genuine
            and authentic, or not

            When coins were made of pure metal,
            and not alloys as they are today, it was
            possible to test whether or not they were
            genuine by the sound they made when
            dropped. A pure silver coin had a sonorous
            ring, a counterfeit coin made a dull
            sound.

            I think I can tell a good story and I can

            create characters that ring true.
            W. SOMERSET MAUGHAM, Cakes and Ale, 1930.

            As soon as he said it he knew it rang false;
            it sounded like some sentimental Old Boy

            revisiting his alma mater.
            JAMES HILTON, Time and Time Again, 'Till It Was
            All Over', 1953.

            But somehow the idea that undertakers are
            sensitive souls does not ring true. These
            undertakers have many fine qualities but
            they keep their trade-exhibition champagne
            in mortuary refrigerators. They
            hold impromptu cocktail parties on stands
            surrounded by revolving coffins, they
            leave dishes of Smarties on the bonnets of

            their hearses.
            INDEPENDENT, April 30, 1992.
            riot act: to read someone the riot
            act

            to quell rowdy or objectionable
            behaviour by remonstrating and making
            the consequences clear

            The Act for Preventing Tumults and Riotous
            Assemblies, or Riot Act, was decreed
            in 1715 in the reign of George I. The act
            made it unlawful for twelve or more
            people to disturb the public peace
            through riotous behaviour. Such a crowd
            could be ordered to disperse by a magistrate
            reading aloud the following proclamation:

            Our Sovereign Lord the King chargeth
            and commandeth all persons being
            assembled immediately to disperse
            themselves, and peaceably to depart to
            their habitations or to their lawful
            business.

            Those who had not obeyed the command
            an hour later were sentenced to imprisonment
            with hard labour.

            “You've never gone short, Joseph.'
            My mother always called me by my full

            name when she wanted to read the riot act.
            ROBERT BROWNING, The Lost Leader, 1845.

            * What grammatical characteristics do
            . the following phrases have in
            * common: to give somebody the boot
            - and to give it somebody hot and
            * strong? Each phrase allows the
            - indirect object to be the subject of a
            Passive construction: he was given the
            boot and he was given it hot and strong
            are equally acceptable. It is relatively :
            unusual for the fixed idiom to show *
            this degree of flexibility (see what is
            an idiom? , page 6).

                evince -p 162 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/en-idiomdict2.pdf &

            There are 25 sombre, cold sober Kennedys
            gathered . . . at Palm Beach. For once the
            Kennedy women have read them the riot
            act. The rule is no drinking, no dating and
            no high-jinks.

            DAILY MAIL, November 20, 1991.

            And I owe a lot to a doctor who read me
            the riot act about two years after David
            died. He said, 'There's nothing wrong with
            you; you should see half the human misery
            and suffering that I do in the course of a
            week. You're only 30, pull yourself
            together and get on with it.' And it was

            actually what I needed.
            GOOD HOUSEKEEPING, April 1992.

            rob Peter to pay Paul, to

            to benefit one person or enterprise at the
            expense of another

            On December 17, 1540 the Church of
            St Peter at Westminster became a
            cathedral. It enjoyed its elevated status
            for only ten years before the privilege
            was withdrawn and the diocese of
            Westminster fell once again within that
            of St Paul's cathedral. Ill feeling was
            further exacerbated when a good portion
            of revenue from St Peter's and was then
            used to finance repairs to St Paul's. They
            had robbed Peter to pay Paul.

            This story is so convincing that there is
            probably an element of truth in it. An
            astute mind doubtless applied this apt,
            but already current, saying to the contemporary
            cause célébre - for the expression,
            in various forms, has in fact been in use
            since long before 1540. In 1380 John
            Wyclif wrote: 'Lord, hou schulde God
            approve that thou robbe Petur, and gif this
            robbere to Poule in the name of Crist?',
            and Herbert of Bosham as early as the
            1170s uses a similar phrase relating to the
            * root for someone» 155

            two apostles: 'As one who crucified Paul
            that Peter might go free' (Life of
            St Thomas of Canterbury).

            Usually it is Peter who loses and Paul
            who gains; here it is the reverse. Perhaps
            the saying is hinting at some old theological
            debate or rivalry within the Christian
            church in which the relative merits of the
            two apostles were discussed.

            Neither is the expression confined to
            English. French owns a similar saying descouvrir
            S Pierre pour couvrir S Pol
            (strip St Peter to clothe St Paul) - and so
            does German.

            The true origin of this centuries-old
            expression has been buried in time.

            When taxation is utilised to secure healthy
            conditions of existence to the mass of the
            people it is clear that this is no case of

            robbing Peter to pay Paul.
            L. T. HOBHOUSE, Liberalism, ¢1920.

            It began to dawn upon the boosters that
            attracting industries bore some resemblance
            to robbing Peter to pay Paul, and
            that if all of them were converted to boosting,
            each of them was as likely to find itself

            in the role of Peter as in that of Paul.
            F. L. ALLEN, Only Yesterday, 1931.

            root for someone, to

            to desire success for someone

            This is a piece of American slang from the
            turn of the century. It originated amongst
            supporters on the sportsfield who were
            urging their team on to win. Possibly it is
            a corruption of the word 'rout' meaning
            to make an uproar.

            Signing the latest in the vast number of
            replies to worried listeners - 'I can assure
            you that we will still be there every day for
            156

                evince -p 163 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/en-idiomdict2.pdf &

            Memorable events

            Out of the welter of events and people we daily experience or hear of, a
            very few stick in the memory and are referred to in speech. A tiny proportion
            of these are so regularly mentioned that they become fixtures in
            the language, captured in a particular form of words. Their meaning, too,
            may well develop, such that before long the original incident that inspired
            them has become a hazy memory and the new sense has taken over. This
            is the process through which some idioms are formed. Those discussed
            below concern events where the location is preserved in the phrase and
            incidents where the protagonist lives on in the expression.

            Events and place names

            Places sometimes got their names from a historical incident. On December
            24, 1777, Captain Cook arrived at an island in the Pacific. We now know
            it to be the largest atoll in the world, one of the Line Islands. Not surprisingly,
            he called his discovery Christmas Island. In similar fashion, idioms
            may include a place which refers to an incident that took place there.
            Many are of a military character. The famous Greek victory over Troy  thanks
            to a Trojan horse - is universally known. The battle of Waterloo
            is probably familiar, too - but what military incidents occurred at the
            river Rubicon and at Coventry? See to meet one's Waterloo, to cross the
            Rubicon, to send somebody to Coventry. The sad results of military
            exploits in a former colony produced this example:

            like the black hole of Calcutta: Surajah Dowlah, Nawab of Bengal, is
            generally taken to be the villain of this story, although in all probability
            he had no idea of the results of his command. On June 20, 1756, following
            the seizure of the East India Company's Fort William, he gave orders for
            146 British captives to be incarcerated in the prison there. The miserable
            cell measured eighteen feet by four feet ten inches. By morning only
            twenty-two men and the one woman prisoner had escaped a horrifying
            death by suffocation. This colloquial phrase has often been shortened, as
            in this example:

            Do you think Miss Pinkerton will come out and order me back to the
            black hole? (W. M. Thackeray, Vanity Fair, 1848)

            Its continued use is doubtless helped by the black holes that astronomers
            have found in outer space over recent years, into which people and
            157

            things metaphorically disappear, never to return. It is possible that in
            contemporary usage there is a coalescence of the two sources into one
            phrase, a black hole.

                evince -p 164 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/en-idiomdict2.pdf &

            Sometimes the apparent reference to a famous historical event can be
            misleading.

            To set the Thames on fire seems to refer to the Great Fire of London. One
            can imagine a vivid picture of flaming buildings falling into the Thames and
            the lurid reflection of the inferno around making it look as though the
            Thames itself were aflame. Alas, Thames is in fact temse, an old word for
            a sieve for corn. In the eighteenth century a hard-working farm labourer
            might have his leg pulled for going at such a pace that he set his temse on

            fire.

            Events and people

            Some idioms preserve the name of the person concerned in the action 01
            incident, rather than the place where it occurred. There are examples
            from classical times which are today somewhat literary in use.

            a Pyrrhic victory is 'a hollow victory, won at too high a price'. King
            Pyrrhus won the battle at Asculum in 279 BC, yet in the process he lost
            all his best officers and many men. 'One more such victory,' he said
            afterwards, 'and we are lost.'

            to cut the Gordian knot: Gordius, the king of Phrygia, had tied such a
            complex knot that no one could untie it. Anyone who did would become
            the ruler of Asia. Alexander the Great came across this puzzle in his
            conquests and solved it by cutting through the knot with a blow of his
            sword. Quick, decisive action, perhaps by unexpected and unorthodox
            means, is the sense the phrase has had in English since the days of Shakespeare:

            Turn him to any cause of policy,
            The Gordian knot of it he will unloose
            (Henry V, Act 1, scene i)

            It is by no means necessary to go back always to classical times or look
            for a military context. Religion offers at least two examples:

            Dr Livingstone, I presume? Dr David Livingstone was a missionary and
            explorer in Africa. He had disappeared, so an American journalist, Henry
            158

                evince -p 165 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/en-idiomdict2.pdf &

            Memorable events continued

            Morton Stanley, set out to find him. In 1871, he succeeded and uttered
            the immortal phrase Dr Livingstone, I presume? Ever since it has been
            used for humorous effect on meeting friends and acquaintances, usually
            after a long separation or in an unlikely place.

            A catherine wheel: In AD 307, St Catherine of Alexandria had spoken up
            on behalf of some persecuted Christians. For her pains the Emperor
            Maximus ordered her to be placed on a spiked wheel, tortured and killed.
            After a miracle she was ultimately beheaded. To spoil a good story, there
            is sufficient doubt of her existence that the Catholic Church withdrew its
            official recognition of her in 1969. Her popular fame lives on, however,
            in the form of that humble firework, the catherine wheel.

            Peeping Tom is another fictitious character who has become part of the
            language. In 1040 Leofric, Earl of Mercia, imposed swingeing taxes upon
            the people of Coventry. His wife, Godiva, took the citizens' part and
            pleaded with her husband to cut the amount levied, but he retorted that
            she must ride naked through the streets before he would do so. This Lady
            Godiva did, and the earl kept his promise.

            This well-known tale was expanded in the eighteenth century. The
            townsfolk, in accordance with Lady Godiva's wishes, stayed at home with
            their doors and shutters closed tight. But one man, Tom the Tailor, was
            so overcome by curiosity that he spied at his lady through a window,
            whereupon he was struck blind.

            Even though Peeping Tom is a figment of the eighteenth-century imagination,
            his fame is such that he appears hourly with Lady Godiva on a clock
            set over an archway in Coventry, and he plays a part in an annual procession
            that has taken place since 1768 in commemoration of the event.

            All the time new phrases are being coined after an incident captures the
            public's imagination. However, very many of them fall out of use in a
            decade or two.

            to do a Bannister: For a few years after 1954, anyone running fairly fast
            might humorously be described as doing a Bannister. This refers to Dr
            Roger Bannister's record of being the first man ever to run a mile in under
            four minutes. Today it is more a sporting allusion than an idiom.

                evince -p 166 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/en-idiomdict2.pdf &

            to give somebody a Harvey Smith: This phrase of the 1970s will surely
            follow the same path and end up being forgotten. But it may perhaps stay
            with us in the language for a few years more. After all, Harvey Smith and
            his son are still prominent in show-jumping. There is also a linguistic
            reason why the phrase might linger on: the natural tendency to use
            euphemisms and avoid offensive language. We sometimes say Gosh
            instead of God, Heck instead of Hell and the dickens instead of the devil.
            So when in August 1971 Harvey Smith raised two fingers in a strong
            gesture of contempt at Mr Douglas Bunn, one of the judges of the showjumping
            competition, the English public saw the incident on TV and were
            delighted to use the new phrase fo give somebody the old Harvey Smith
            in a humorous, euphemistic way.

            Some phrases do indeed have a short life, often till the generation that
            witnessed the event has itself passed away. Yet others persist. Some thrive
            in the spoken language, without the help of the literary form or classical
            status that Achilles' heel, for example, has enjoyed. Bob's your uncle is
            one. A political scandal is suggested for this British quip. In 1886 Prime
            Minister Robert Cecil, Lord Salisbury, appointed his nephew, Arthur
            Balfour, Chief Secretary for Ireland. Mr Balfour's abilities were considered
            inappropriate for the post and nepotism was suspected. Popular
            opinion suggested that he had been selected purely because Bob was his
            uncle. In the event, Lord Salisbury's judgement was vindicated, as Balfour
            turned out to be an outstanding politician and ultimately became Prime
            Minister himself.

            Memorable events are an excellent trigger for the formation of new
            idioms, but there is a high drop-out rate. There is no known explanation
            why one or two survive whilst the majority fail. In this, idioms reflect the
            rest of language. Historical dictionaries are littered with neologisms that
            briefly darted across the linguistic firmament like shooting stars, only to
            lizzle and fade. Idioms and words alike leave their burnt-out shells as
            entries labelled 'obsolete' in the great dictionaries of the language.

            159
            160+ ropes 
                evince -p 167 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/en-idiomdict2.pdf &

            an hour' - women everywhere should be

            rooting for her.
            GUARDIAN, September 2, 1991.

            usage: An obvious Americanism that is
            taking hold in Britain.

            ropes: to know/learn the ropes

            to be conversant with the practices and
            idiosyncrasies of an organisation, an
            activity, etc.

            This is a nautical term of nineteenthcentury
            origin. The rigging on a vast sailing
            vessel was a complicated system of
            ropes with which every sailor had to
            become familiar because 'to handle a
            ship, you must know all the ropes' (T. C.
            Haliburton, Wise Saws, 1843). From its
            nautical context the phrase was then
            applied to other areas of expertise.

            To show someone the ropes has the
            same origin.

            Every week a new influx of young, naive
            girls whose hopes of careers in modelling
            have turned to dust - or whose rent needs
            paying - go on the game. Each of them
            will be severely beaten several times before

            they learn the ropes.
            OBSERVER, August 25, 1991.

            usage: informal

            Rubicon: to cross the Rubicon

            to take a step or decision from which
            there is no turning back

            In ancient times, the little river Rubicon
            made up part of the boundary separating
            Italy and Cisalpine Gaul, the province
            governed by Julius Caesar. In 49 BC,
            Caesar, after taking time to reflect on the
            consequences of his action, crossed the
            Rubicon into the republic with his army,
            fully aware that this constituted a declaration
            of war. 'Jacta alea est' - 'the die is
            cast' - were the words he is said to have
            spoken as he crossed over and began his
            successful campaign against Pompey and
            the Senate.

            It is thought that the Rubicon is the
            trickle of water now known as the Fluminico.
            In 1934 Mussolini ordered a monument
            to be put up on its bank, supposedly
            at the exact place where Caesar had
            crossed.

            Compelled to choose between two alternatives,
            he laid the matter before his wife,
            and awaited the verdict from her lips. It
            came without hesitation. 'It is your duty;
            the consequences we must leave. Go forward,
            and to victory.' The die was thus

            cast, the Rubicon crossed.
            QUARTERLY REVIEW, 1887.

            The young man now appeared to have
            crossed, as it were, some Rubicon in his

            mind and was speaking more fluently.
            REX WARNER, The Professor, 1938.

            usage: literary

            see also: to burn one's boats/bridges

            rule of thumb, a

            guesswork, rough calculation, estimate
            based on experience rather than careful
            calculation

            The phrase has been in figurative use
            since the late seventeenth century. There
            are two theories for its origin, both concerned
            with types of measurement.

                evince -p 168 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/en-idiomdict2.pdf &

            In Roman times it was estimated that
            the measure of the last part of the thumb
            above the top joint would fit roughly
            twelve times into the larger measure of a
            foot. Thus the foot was split into twelve
            'inches' (the French called them 'pouces',
            meaning 'thumbs') and remained a standard
            measure for centuries. Careful
            measurement required a standard rule
            but where an estimated length would do
            the thumb sufficed. Now that the metric
            system has been adopted, the need to
            measure in inches is diminishing and the
            practice, if not the phrase, has died out.

            An alternative, though not so wellknown,
            theory is that the temperature of
            fermenting ale was checked by dipping
            the thumb into the brew. It is said that,
            in Yorkshire, such ale was referred to as
            'Thumb Brewed'.

            What he doth, he doth by rule of Thumb,

            and not by art.
            SIR WILLIAM HOPE, The Compleat FencingMaster,
            1692.

            No rule so good as rule of thumb, if it hit.
            JAMES KELLY, Scottish Proverbs, 1721.

            rule the roost, to

            to be dominant, to display one's authority

            In the hencoop the cock makes an obvious
            display of his dominance over the
            hens to show that he rules the roost. There
            is, however, an older expression than
            this. As early as the fifteenth century rule
            the roast was current. Shakespeare writes
            of 'Suffolk, the new-made man that rules
            the roast' (Henry VI Part II, 1590). Some
            authorities say that it was the master of
            the house who saw to the carving of the
            roast meat at table. He who ruled the
            roast ruled the household. There is evi-sack>
            161]

            dence to support this theory in Thomas
            Nabbes' Microcosmus (1637): 'I am my
            ladies cooke, and king of the kitchen,
            where I rule the roast.'

            Other authorities suggest, however,
            that roast was an alternative spelling for
            roost which was originally pronounced
            with a long o. Evidence for this comes
            from Jewell's Defence of the Apologie
            which has a spelling confirming the long
            medial o in the medieval pronunciation
            of roost: 'Geate you nowe vp into your
            pulpites like bragginge cockes on the
            rowst, flappe your whinges, and crow out
            aloude.' So the likelihood is that the
            origin lies in the comparison with the
            cockerel.

            Home from school, Junior continues to
            rule the roost. He is supposed to
            be allowed one hour of television between
            school and supper. After a long wrangle,
            Junior begins his television session
            immediately, and since Mother is busy
            with visitors, he stays glued to the tele
            vision set until suppertime.
            H. & S. NEARING, USA Today.

            The production also stars Paul Eddington
            as Orgon and Felicity Kendal as razortongued
            Dorine, the maidservant who

            rules the roost.
            GOOD HOUSEKEEPING, November 1991.

            sack: to get the sack

            to be dismissed from one's job

            At one time a workman kept all his tools
            in a sack and took them with him to his
            job where he would leave them with his
            employer. If he were dismissed, whether
            through his own fault or lack of work, the
            employer would give him the sack, that
            162 sackcloth +

            is, he would return the workman's sack
            of tools.

                evince -p 169 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/en-idiomdict2.pdf &

            The expression did not appear in written
            English until 1825, but was current in
            Dutch from the early seventeenth century
            and was also known in French.

            If I just give him the sack he won't get
            another job and will get into a brawl and
            be sent to prison again. And I shall be
            morally responsible. A very little help now
            might save him from becoming an habitual
            criminal.

            DAVID GARNETT, Beany-Eye, 1935.

            If they failed to secure a minimum of
            twenty orders a day, they got the sack. So
            long as they kept up their twenty orders a
            day they received a small salary - two

            pounds a week, I think.
            GEORGE ORWELL, The Road to Wigan Pier, 1937.

            usage: To give someone the sack, the converse
            of to get the sack, is commonly
            replaced by the simple verb, to sack.

            sackcloth: to wear sackcloth and
            ashes

            to be penitent

            The phrase alludes to the ancient Hebrew
            custom of wearing sackcloth and ashes as
            a sign of mourning or penitence. The
            sackcloth was black, coarse goathair cloth
            which was used to make grain bags. To
            wear it was a sign of humility.

            The Hebrew word for sackcloth was
            saq and the Greek sakkos. The English
            word sack is derived from these.

            'Iam not advocating a general wailing and
            gnashing of teeth or sackcloth and ashes.
            But emotional outbursts might be less dramatic
            or violent if a little steam were

            occasionally vented harmlessly.'
            HRH PRINCESS OF WALES, Daily Mail, September
            12, 1991.

            salt of the earth
            a dependable, kind-hearted person

            The expression is a biblical one and can
            be found in the Sermon on the Mount
            (Matthew 5:13) where Jesus says:

            Ye are the salt of the earth: but if the
            salt kave lost his savour, wherewith
            shall it be salted? It is thenceforth good
            for nothing, but to be cast out, and to
            be trodden under foot of men.

            The Hebrews found their salt supply in
            the Dead Sea and in the Hill of Salt (Jebel
            Usdum) nearby. It was rock salt and subject
            to chemical changes which meant that
            the outer layer, besides being full of
            impurities, had very little flavour and was
            usually thrown away. This was the salt
            that Jesus was referring to in the Sermon.

            We no longer accept these country gentlemen,
            these opulent ladies who drive about
            in barouches, as the salt of the earth, and
            their behaviour too often strikes us as vul
            gar and trivial.
            W. SOMERSET MAUGHAM, Books and You, 'Preface',
            1940.

            Eve was a mighty fine girl, and her mother

            is the salt of the earth.
            ERLE STANLEY GARDNER, The DA Takes a
            Chance, 1948.

            I wouldn't trust myself to a movie company.
            You dine with the President on
            Monday, and he slaps you on the back
            and tells you you are the salt of the earth,
            and on Tuesday morning you get a letter
            from him saying you are fired.

            P. G. WODEHOUSE, Performing Flea, 1953.

                evince -p 170 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/en-idiomdict2.pdf &

            salt: worth one's salt

            deserving of one's position or salary

            Salt has not always been in cheap and
            plentiful supply. Salarium (Latin sal,
            salt), from which our word 'salary'
            derives, was 'salt money', a sum paid to
            a Roman soldier so that he could buy salt
            and remain healthy. Someone who is
            worth his salt is therefore hardworking
            and diligent and thoroughly deserves his
            salary, privilege or position. The expression
            has only been in use since the
            nineteenth century, however, when the
            phrase was coined from the origins of the
            word 'salary'.

            It seems that, after all, the police are good
            for something. But this is the first time I
            ever knew them to be worth their salt.
            There is to be a thorough and systematic

            search of the hotel tomorrow.
            ARNOLD BENNETT, The Grand Babylon Hotel,
            1902.

            The propagandist, if he is worth his salt,
            must create new faith, must know how to
            bring the indifferent and the undecided
            over to his side, must be able to mollify

            and perhaps even convert the hostile.
            ALDOUS HUXLEY, Brave New World Revisited,
            1958,

            It is plain that being beaten by Koch hurts
            the established figures in the Cup. Koch
            plays the game harder than anyone. When
            he claimed his Guzzini spyship carried
            nothing other than wind and current measuring
            instruments, Cayard's eyes rolled
            heavenwards in disbelief. Koch even
            admitted that 'any syndicate worth its salt'
            should hire divers to 'snoop at their rivals'
            keels'. Cayard replied wryly: 'I guess we're
            not worth our salt. We have never hired

            divers.'
            DAILY TELEGRAPH, May 18, 1992.
            -salt» 163
            salt: to rub salt in the wound

            intentionally to increase someone's pain,
            discomfort

            It is a long-standing belief, dating back to
            Cicero, Horace and Livy, that wounds
            will not heal unless re-opened and
            cleaned. The application of salt was one
            way of doing this - at a cost of some pain.
            Today there is no implication of healing,
            just the imposition of discomfort.

            It is possible that the phrasal verb to
            rub it in is connected.

            She sprinkles salt upon my wound and
            opens the sore afresh.

            SADI, Gulistan, 1258.

            David Mellor: 'I'm not one of those people
            who want to rub salt in the wounds but I
            did say last night that the bandwagon had
            become the tumbril. I'm not into personal
            vendettas - but I can't see how he [Kin
            nock] can stay on.'
            EVENING STANDARD, April 10, 1992.

            salt: to take something with a
            pinch/grain of salt

            to take it with a degree of reservation,
            with some scepticism

            This phrase is held by many to be from
            the Latin addito salis grano penned by
            Pliny the Elder (cAD 77). He had come
            across a story that King Mithridates VI,
            King of Pontus, had built up immunity to
            poisoning by fasting and swallowing
            small, regular doses of poison with a grain
            of salt (cum grano salis) to make them
            more palatable. Other authorities, however,
            take this suggestion with a pinch of
            salt, pointing out that Pliny intended the
            phrase to be taken literally and that
            nowhere in classical Latin does the word
            164 - scot-free +

                evince -p 171 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/en-idiomdict2.pdf &

            'salt' appear as a figurative expression of
            scepticism. Indeed, the English
            expression would seem to date back no
            further than the Middle Ages, giving rise
            to speculation that cum grano salis is, in
            fact, a piece of medieval Latin. Nevertheless,
            the idiom is easily understood; just
            as a sprinkling of salt makes one's meal
            more enjoyable, so a-doubtful story or
            excuse goes down easier with a pinch of
            salt.

            John Foxe, the martyrologist, reports that
            Cromwell learned the whole of Erasmus's
            New Testament by heart while travelling
            to Rome and back, and although this story
            ought to be taken with a pinch of salt there
            is evidence that Cromwell was in touch
            with Miles Coverdale when Coverdale was
            still a friar at Cambridge.

            ROGER LOCKYER, Tudor and Stuart Britain, 1964.
            They will tell you over and over again that
            there is no better conservationist than a
            fisherman, because his livelihood deperds
            on it. That needs to be taken with a pinch

            of salt; this is the world of overstatement.
            THE TIMES SATURDAY REVIEW, August 31,
            1991.

            There are even claims that [borage] rivals
            the restoratives that Jeeves would shimmy
            in with at a well-chosen moment on the
            morning after - but, as with all such tonics,
            these claims are best taken with a pinch

            of salt.
            COUNTRY LIVING, September 1991.

            scot-free: to go/get off scot-free

            to escape punishment or having to pay for
            the consequences of one's misdeeds

            Scot means 'payment' and was the name
            given to municipal taxes as early as the
            thirteenth century. People paid according
            to their means. The very poor were
            exempt from payment and went scot-free.
            Tavern scores were known as scots and to
            go scot-free meant to be given one's ale
            on the house or to have one's bill paid
            by a drinking companion. There is some
            doubt as to which use came first: relief
            from taxes or from drinking bills. In
            either case it would be welcome!
            Tindale used the phrase figuratively in
            his Exposition of 1 John 2:2 (1531): 'The
            poore synner shulde go Skot fre', and it is
            in this sense of being allowed to go free
            and unpunished that it is still used today.

            Monsieur would not stand by and see her
            falsely accused, while that infamous

            chambermaid was allowed to go scot-free.
            AGATHA CHRISTIE, Poirot Investigates, 'The Jewel
            Robbery at the Grand Metropolitan', 1925.

            What made the Marian persecution so
            unpopular was the way in which it struck
            down the small offender while letting most

            of the big ones go scot-free.
            ROGER LOCKYER, Tudor and Stuart Britain, 1964

            scrape: to get into a scrape

            to get into an embarrassing situation, usually
            as a result of one's own carelessness

            A story sent in to Notes and Queries
            relates how, in 1803, a woman, Frances
            Tucker, was killed by a stag in
            Powderham Park, Devon where she inadvertently
            crossed .the stag's scrape and
            met with the animal's fury. Scrapes are
            holes which deer habitually dig out with
            their forefeet. They can be up to a foot
            or eighteen inches in depth so that an
            unwary passer-by might easily fall into
            one and even injure himself. Anyone
            unlucky enough to do so has got himself
            into a scrape.
            eeereeene ee eeeee#e see

                evince -p 172 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/en-idiomdict2.pdf &

            Justice for the Scots!

            To go or get off scot-free means that
            you get off without payment or without
            punishment. Why should the
            Scots be singled out for such a negative
            reputation? The answer is simply
            that the scot in the expression has
            nothing to do with Scotland, or with
            Scotsmen, but is an example of what
            is technically known as homonymy.
            That is, a word that is spelled and
            sounds the same as another one but
            has a different meaning. There are
            plenty of them in the English language,
            like 'bank of the river' and
            'bank you put your money in', for
            instance. Similarly, Scot and scot are

            + quite different words. The full story

            for scot is in the entry.
            There is another old phrase which

            * is not so frequent today, scot and lot.

            It occurs quite commonly in Dickens
            and other nineteenth-century literature.
            Scot means tax, and Jot means

            - something similar. It is connected

            with allotment, the allotted portion,

            - the share you had to pay. So scot and

            lot, in fact, were medieval rates. In
            recent years householders have paid

            . rates, poll tax or a community charge,

            and council tax for all the services they
            receive, such as education, water and
            so forth. Centuries ago, they paid scot

            - and lot, which also qualified them to

            vote in elections. But this expression

            * has fallen into disuse; today we are

            left only with the phrase to get off scot
            * free. It is indeed about medieval taxdodging,
            but (through homonymy)
            * the Scots are exonerated from blame!

            “eeeeenrereeeeeeeeeee @

            oeseeseeveeseeeeeeeseseeseeeeeeteeeeeeeeeeeeeeeseeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee ee eevee ee ee &
            -scratth+ 165

            The deer which . . . were addicted, at certain
            seasons, to dig up the land with their
            fore feet, in holes to the depth of . . . half
            a yard, contributed a new word to our lan
            guage. These were called 'scrapes'.
            THE ATHENAEUM, September 27, 1862.

            usage: A scrape implies a relatively minor
            problem.

            scratch: to come up to scratch
            to meet the required standard

            The expression to come up to scratch was
            originally to come up to the scratch.

            Early boxing knew none of the sophistication
            of the sport today. Bouts took
            place in the open air and contestants
            fought with their bare fists. Both fighters
            began the bout with their left foot on a
            line, known as 'the scratch', scored in the
            earth between them. The fight was not
            divided up into rounds but simply went
            on until one contestant was knocked
            down. The fighters were then permitted
            to break for thirty seconds before being
            given a count of eight during which they
            both had to come up to the scratch once
            more. A fighter who was unable to do
            so was no longer fit to continue and his
            opponent was declared the winner.

            Today, if a boxer is not dedicated
            enough to submit to a rigorous training
            programme, then it is unlikely that he will
            ever come up to scratch and reach a high
            enough standard to be selected to fight.
            By extension, candidates for a job, concert
            pianists, theses and reports all need
            to come up to scratch, to meet the basic
            requirements for success.
            166 + scratch +

                evince -p 173 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/en-idiomdict2.pdf &

            I agree with them that they are not legally
            responsible, and this makes it all the better
            to see them compensating you purely

            because their service was not up to scratch.
            THE SUNDAY TIMES, August 11, 1991.

            Decorators are bringing the property in
            the Thames-side village of Bray, Berkshire,
            up to scratch before Mr Ratner, his
            second wife Moira and their son and

            daughter move in.
            DAILY EXPRESS, May 26, 1992.

            usage: Informal. Not up to scratch, used
            of a person, is a common, derogatory,
            colloquial variant.

            see also: to start from scratch

            scratch: to start from scratch

            to start from the very beginning and with
            no help or advantage.

            The scratch is the starting point of a race,
            originally just a line scored out in the
            earth. A sportsman starting from scratch
            begins his event from the very beginning
            without any benefit from a handicap
            system, as in this news item:

            Hector Padgham's father was a scratch
            golfer with the Cantelupe Club, the
            artisan section of Royal Ashdown
            Forest Golf Club ... He himself
            joined the Cantelupe Club at the age of
            16 and was soon playing off scratch.
            (Daily Mail, October 2, 1991)

            Horses in a race were also said to start
            equally from a scratch line on the ground.
            The scratch in boxing is explained in to
            come up to scratch.

            The phrase is now widely used outside
            sport to refer to any project which started
            from nothing.
            I do not mean to suggest that in putting his
            materials together the composer neces
            sarily begins from scratch.
            AARON COPLAND, What to Listen for in Music,
            1939.

            We'd no fishing tackle of any kind, not
            even a pin or a bit of string. We had to start
            from scratch. And the pool was swarming
            with fish!

            GEORGE ORWELL, Coming Up for Air, 1939.

            see also: to come up to scratch

            seal of approval
            a sign of official recognition and approval

            Seals have been used for millennia to
            authenticate documents. They have at
            different periods been carved precious
            stones impressed on clay, lead and wax
            seals, and signet rings. A document with
            a seal, then, was approved. The seal
            gave it legal status, as in the contracts of
            medieval times, or simply ensured confidentiality,
            as with personal correspondence.

            Other phrases refer back to some of
            these procedures: signed, sealed and
            delivered comes from legal practice;
            sealed orders; a sealed book.

            Mr Maude also announced a scheme
            which will stamp an official seal of
            approval on organisations providing high
            quality public services. Applicants will
            have a year to show they can meet targets
            set out in the charter and if successful will

            be able to display the Chartermark.
            DAILY MAIL, October 11, 1991.

            usage: Not surprisingly, as seals are
            superseded by other devices for the same
            purpose, a modern variant is stamp of

            approval.

                evince -p 174 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/en-idiomdict2.pdf &

            seventh heaven, in the
            in ecstasy, in sheer delight

            Muslims maintain that there are seven
            heavens which correspond to the seven
            planets ruling the universe. Seven is
            widely considered to be symbolically the
            perfect number. They believe that each
            level of heaven is made of a precious
            metal or stone and that each is the
            domain of a servant of the Most High.
            The seventh heaven is the most glorious
            and is governed by Abraham, who presides
            over creatures eternally singing the
            praises of God.

            Towards the end of the Middle Ages
            the cabbalists, steeped in the occult,
            reinforced this ancient tradition by
            making mystical interpretations of the
            Jewish cabbala (the oral tradition passed
            down through Moses). They concurred
            that there were seven heavens, the
            seventh being the dwelling place of God
            and his most holy angels. Someone in the
            seventh heaven, therefore, is in a realm of
            complete bliss.

            Presently the bells were ringing out in Meg
            Speedwell's honour, and the children were
            strewing daisies on which Meg Speedwell
            trod, a proud young hoyden of a bride
            with her head in the air and her heart in

            the seventh heaven.
            MAX BEERBOHM, Zuleika Dobson, 1912.

            They motored up, taking Michael Mont
            who, being in his seventh heaven, was
            found by Winifred 'very amusing'.

            JOHN GALSWORTHY, To Let, 1921.

            see also: on cloud nine

            shambles, in a

            in complete chaos, disarray
            + sheep» 167

            This is a favourite expression of politicians
            when criticising the policies and
            performance of another party. Shambles
            comes from the Anglo-Saxon scamel,
            meaning 'stool' and in the singular form
            a shamble was a little counter or bench
            where a butcher displayed his goods. In
            medieval towns each street would be
            occupied by a particular trade or guild.
            Several British towns, Nottingham and
            York among them, still have streets
            named The Shambles which would once
            have had a whole row of butchers' stalls.
            From here shambles was used to describe
            a slaughterhouse and, figuratively, a
            place of carnage and bloodshed. Modern
            usage has weakened the sense to 'a state
            of disorder, a mess'.

            As summer-flies are in the shambles.
            WILLIAM SHAKESPEARE, Othello, Act IV,
            Scene ii.

            Beazer's house in a shambles Beazer
            shares slipped another 2p to 86p - capitalising
            Beazer at half the subsidiary it is

            about to float. What a shambles.
            DAILY TELEGRAPH, September 12, 1991.

            usage: Although plural in form, it is construed
            as singular.

            sheep: to separate the sheep from
            the goats

            to separate the good from the bad

            This phrase comes from the Bible.
            Matthew 25:32 reads: 'And before him
            shall be gathered all nations: and he shall
            separate them one from another as a
            shepherd divideth his sheep from the
            goats.'

            Sheep and goats were equally valued
            in Palestine for their provision of cheese,
            milk and meat. In addition, sheep were
            168 « shell-shocked «

                evince -p 175 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/en-idiomdict2.pdf &

            kept for their wool, and goats' hair could
            be twisted into ropes or woven into cloth.
            Goatskins were made into bottles to hold
            water or wine.

            There is a figurative distinction made
            between the animals, however. In biblical
            parables sheep are helpless creatures in
            need of care, guidance and protection.
            Goats, on the other hand, often represent
            sin or condemnation (e.g. scapegoat).
            And so it is with this parable; the sheep
            are those who belong to God and the
            goats are those who are judged unworthy.

            The examples of uses of this phrase
            show that sheep and goats need not
            necessarily refer to people. The
            expression can be used to categorise anything
            into sets of 'good, worthwhile' and
            'bad, not worth bothering with'.

            No two persons can agree on what is good
            art, so it is not possible to make a sheepand-goat
            division between religious and
            individualistic art.

            H. READ, The Meaning of Art, 1931.

            What an amazing thing. I suppose you
            could walk down a line of people, giving
            each of them a quick glance, and separate

            the sheep from the goats like shelling peas.
            P. G. WODEHOUSE, Uncle Fred in the Springtime,
            1939.

            I tried repeatedly to analyse my emotions
            coldly and clearly; to still my anxieties by
            segregating them, by separating the sheep

            from the goats.
            NOEL COWARD, Future Indefinite, 1954.

            usage: literary

            see also: to separate the wheat from the
            chaff
            shell-shocked

            Shell shock is a medical condition suffered
            by those traumatised by being
            under fire in war. By metaphorical extension,
            it can now be applied to any situation
            of shock: divorce, redundancy,
            death.

            'People are so shell-shocked they don't
            think to look beyond similar work,' says
            Sue Morris, who leads workshops for

            people who have been made redundant.
            GOOD HOUSEKEEPING, September 1991.

            usage: informal

            shilly-shally, to
            to be undecided, to vacillate

            The original form of the eighteenthcentury
            term was shill I, shall I. It was
            used as a noun, an adjective and an
            adverb but it was not until the end of the
            eighteenth century that it was used as a
            verb in the way we use it today. The
            expression is very evocative of the person
            who cannot make his mind up.
            A similar phrase is willy-nilly.

            The others, his immediate councillors,
            were timid, mediocre and irresolute. Their
            policy was to hesitate, to shilly-shally, to

            temporise.
            COBUILD CORPUS.

            usage: Informal. Regularly hyphenated.

            = = (all) shipshape and
            ashion

            neatly in its place and ready, organised

                evince -p 176 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/en-idiomdict2.pdf &

            The phrase was used as a boast among
            seamen proud of their vessels. It meant
            that the ship was well organised and
            maintained and ready for sea. For many
            centuries Bristol was a centre for
            explorers, for maritime trade and for the
            navy. It was recognised as having exemplary
            standards and gained a particularly
            keen reputation for efficiency.

            The adjective ship-shape (originally
            ship-shapen) was already in use in the first
            half of the seventeenth century. Bristol
            fashion was a_ nineteenth-century
            addition.

            Her decks were wide and roomy ...
            There was no foolish gilding and gingerbread
            work . . . but everything was 'shipshape
            and Bristol fashion'.

            R. H. DANA, Two Years Before the Mast, 1840.

            | laid it out shipshape and Bristol fashion.
            FRANCIS BRETT YOUNG, A Man About the
            House, 1942.

            Compton End reflects the preference
            shown by the garden makers of the Arts
            and Crafts movement for old-fashioned
            flowers, topiary, fruit trees and traditional
            cottage-garden plants. Topiary is Captain
            Kitchin's great passion. 'I like things shipshape,'
            he says.

            OBSERVER MAGAZINE, April 19, 1992.

            usage: Often reduced to shipshape, or all
            shipshape. It is still found hyphenated:
            ship-shape.

            The full form has a distinctly dated air
            about it, harking back to the past glories
            of sail. The short form shares these overtones
            to a lesser extent.

            see also: in apple-pie order, spick and
            span

            shoestring: to live on a shoestring

            to manage on very little money
            + short shrift» 169

            On a shoestring was first used in America
            in the late 1800s when it referred to a
            business operated on a very restricted
            budget.

            This is one of those phrases whose
            origin is left to anybody's interpretation.
            One suggestion is that a person is managing
            on so little money that he cannot
            afford to buy anything more expensive
            than a shoelace. Webster's Dictionary
            mentions that shoestrings were amongst
            the articles commonly carried by street
            vendors. Perhaps living or running a business
            on a shoestring refers to the lowliest
            business of all - that of the street salesman
            who eats or buys new stock only if his
            sales of these humble items are sufficient.

            Look at what you spend each month.
            Unless you've been living on a shoestring,

            analyse where you can make savings.
            GOOD HOUSEKEEPING, September 1991.

            usage: informal

            short shrift, to give/get

            to dismiss someone brusquely without
            hearing them out/to be dismissed in this
            way

            A shrift is a confession made to a priest
            after which absolution is given. In the
            seventeenth century criminals were taken
            out and executed upon receiving sentence.
            They were entitled to make their
            confession but were often given only a
            few moments to do so and so a short shrift
            was made.

            The word shrift comes from the verb
            shrive meaning 'to hear confession'. The
            past tense of the verb is shrove, hence
            Shrove Tuesday, the day immediately
            before Lent and a holiday when people
            went to confession, then made merry with
            sport and feasting.
            170 + showaleg +

                evince -p 177 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/en-idiomdict2.pdf &

            The general sense has changed little
            since its early use, though the context is
            much wider. The English footballer in the
            Daily Mail quotation below, however
            much disapproved of by the selectors,
            would hardly expect to be marched out
            to be executed!

            My feeling for my friends was intense but
            unsentimental - Charles's astringent
            approach and Rex's homeric boisterousness
            would have given short shrift to
            sentimentality.

            C. DAY-LEWIS, The Buried Day, 1960.

            He was, by his own admission, a Jack the
            Lad. The species tends to be given very
            short shrift by an England set-up which
            refuses to let anything distract itself from

            the pursuit of excellence.
            DAILY MAIL, October 22, 1991.

            show a leg

            get up, get moving

            The expression goes back to the days
            when women were allowed to stay on
            board ship whilst it was in port and even,
            with permission, to remain for the voyage.
            In the mornings when the call came
            to 'show a leg' the crew were expected
            to get up and look lively but a woman
            who wished to sleep in had to dangle a
            leg over the edge of the hammock to
            prove that she, and not a rating, was the
            occupant.

            A similar phrase, shake a leg, means
            'to hurry up, to get a job done faster'.
            In an obsolete sense, it once meant 'to
            dance'.

            usage: Both shake and show a leg are
            somewhat dated colloquialisms, used as
            an imperative to encourage someone to
            get up or get moving.
            sign the pledge, to

            to give up alcoholic drink

            At the height of the temperance movement
            in the nineteenth century, someone
            wishing to give up strong drink made a
            public declaration of resolve by signing
            a pledge not to touch it again.

            Though the Temperance Movement
            long since gave way to Alcoholics Anonymous,
            it is still possible to hear of people
            signing the pledge. More widely, it may
            refer to any public declaration of
            renouncing something.

            There is also an enormous number of
            people, now over one million people,
            who've signed what we call our 'Ivory Out'
            pledge form, which pledges that they won't

            buy or wear ivory ever again.
            COBUILD CORPUS: BBC World Service, 1989.

            usage: One can also take and keep the
            pledge

            see also: on the wagon, to go cold turkey

            silly season, the

            the months of August and September
            when Parliament is not in session

            At one time newspapers did just what
            their name suggests - they reported the
            news, informing the population about
            political debate and decision. When
            Parliament rose for the months of August
            and September, the silly season, also
            known in earlier years as the Big Gooseberry
            Season, began. Deprived of Parliament
            for its steady provision of
            newsworthy items such as political rows,
            leaks to the press, errors of judgement
            and interference in the affairs of other
            countries, desperate journalists were
            forced to make much of giant gooseberries,
            the Loch Ness monster and the
            like, to keep the paper in print. The silly
            season still comes round each year but the
            British public is now fed a year-round diet
            of trivia and so hardly notices.

            Meanwhile, out and about, the silly season

            was bursting into action.
            DAILY EXPRESS, August 30, 1991.

                evince -p 178 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/en-idiomdict2.pdf &

            sitting duck, a

            an easy target

            Someone described as a sitting duck is
            vulnerable to verbal or physical attack. A
            literal sitting duck makes an easy target
            for the huntsman, since it is neither swimming
                nor dabbling but is simply reposing
            on the water.

            She didn't care to be out of touch with the
            human race for more than a few minutes
            at a time, which made me, working at

            home, a sitting duck.
            GOOD HOUSEKEEPING, September 1991.

            usage: colloquial

            skeleton in the cupboard, a

            a painful or shameful secret

            This expression allows for all sorts of hideous
            imaginings since its origin is a mystery.
            Funk (1955) says it may refer to an
            actual discovery of a skeleton boarded up
            in a dark corner of some fusty cupboard.
            Certainly it is not unknown for gruesome
            remains to come to light in later years and
            + skeleton in the cupboard» 171

            stir up much investigation and speculation.

            Then again, its roots may lie in the
            study of anatomy. It was not until 1832
            that the dissection of a body for study
            and research was permitted by law. The
            demand for bodies soared, but there were
            few to be had. Some doctors resorted to
            unscrupulous dealings with grave robbers
            who dug up corpses and sold them at
            exorbitant prices. This macabre exchange
            was a matter of utmost secrecy
            and many an ambitious physician had a
            skeleton in his cupboard.

            The expression appeared in print in
            1845 in an article by Thackeray for Punch
            magazine. Thackeray used it again ten
            years later in a piece attacking the Newcome
            family. But they must have our sympathy,
            for there can be few families then
            or since who do not nurse little secrets they
            would rather not publish abroad.

            They are dull. Everybody knows them.
            They are not the skeleton in everybody's
            cupboard, for the skeleton is usually some
            relative who is a cheerful wastrel and turns
            up at inconvenient moments to borrow five

            shillings; the skeleton is exciting.
            J. B. PRIESTLEY, Self-Selected Essays, 'A Defence
            of Dull Company', 1932.

            [The novel] features a biographer agonising
            over whether or not to write about
            three well-known men in the publishing
            world, purportedly friends. Every step
            into his research has him stumbling upon
            more skeletons in their cupboards, not to
            mention more gossip and backbiting than

            he would have thought possible.
            GOOD HOUSEKEEPING, May 1991.

            His probing throws up the usual dark con
            spiracies and skeletons in family cup
            boards.
            THE SUNDAY TIMES, August 11, 1991.
            172 + skin
                evince -p 179 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/en-idiomdict2.pdf &

            The meeting between Emily and her two
            half-brothers was initially tentative. 'They
            were diffident at first, which upset Emily.
            What have she and my boys got in
            common, after all? She's had a totally different
            upbringing. She's a skeleton from
            their mother's cupboard if you like. But in
            fact, they liked her and she liked them,

            which is a source of great joy to me.'
            GOOD HOUSEKEEPING, May 1992.

            usage: American usage has a skeleton in
            the closet.

            skin: by the skin of one's teeth

            just about, by the narrowest of margins

            This evocative phrase is biblical but it is
            also a misquotation. Job 19:20 reads: 'My
            bone cleaveth to my skin and to my flesh,
            and I am escaped with the skin of my
            teeth.' Job meant that all he had escaped
            with was the skin of his teeth. Everything
            else had been taken away from him: his
            family, his possessions, his friends and his
            health. The misquotation by the skin of
            my teeth leads us into a different
            interpretation of the phrase from the
            original: that the speaker has just about
            escaped, that it was a close run thing.

            Nevertheless, the misquotation is here
            to stay.

            I got away with it that time, but only by

            the skin of my teeth.
            O'FARRELL, Repeat Performance, 1942.

            usage: It is a shame that a phrase so
            evocative should become so hackneyed.
            With the skin of one's teeth is not
            common. Informal.
            smithereens: to blow to smithereens

            to shatter into tiny pieces

            Smithereens is a borrowing from Irish
            Gaelic, the word having an Irish diminutive
            ending, and simply means 'tiny
            pieces'.

            In Lethal Weapon 3, which is said to have
            much more comedy and twice as many
            thrills, Riggs and Murtaugh, Glover's
            character, have been demoted to walking
            the beat but that's still not enough to prevent
            the city from being blown to smithereens
            again.
            DAILY MAIL, October 11, 1991.

            usage: Smithereens may be preceded by a
            number of other verbs, such as to knock
            into, to smash to.

            sour grapes

            comfort sought in despising what one
            longs for and cannot have

            In one of Aesop's fables entitled The Fox
            and the Grapes, the fox finds herself
            unable to reach the succulent grapes
            growing high on a vine above her and, in
            a fit of pique, declares that they are sour.
            The implication is clear. He who longs for
            the unattainable may be goaded by his
            lack of success into making ungenerous
            and scornful remarks to soothe his anger.

            What can be more reasonable than that the
            successful should shape the future? Would
            you have the failures decide it? That would

            be merely sour grapes.
            ANEURIN BEVAN, In Place of Fear, 1952.
            173

                evince -p 180 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/en-idiomdict2.pdf &

            Advertisements

            Perhaps the most creative use of language in newspapers isn't in the
            articles or news items, it's in the advertisements. Advertising copywriters
            know they have to catch and hold the reader's attention. They often do
            this, for instance, with a clever play on words. You read the words and
            understand them one way and then, suddenly, you realise that another
            interpretation is possible. Through that ambiguity the advertiser has
            caught your attention and in the end, he hopes, you'll buy his product.

            Under the picture of a new car recently available on the market are the
            words: 'Not another family saloon.' The dual interpretation of that phrase
            depends on the stress, rhythm and intonation of how it is pronounced.
            Misread it by putting the stress on the second word, thereby projecting a
            message the advertiser clearly would not want, and that incongruity makes
            you look again and pay conscious attention to the alternative pronunciation
            and message that he does want to get across.

            Idioms are part of the stock-in-trade of the advertiser's art. One poster
            on the London Underground showed some girls wearing different
            coloured jeans, but none the traditional blue ones. Underneath were the
            words: 'Jeanius is having ideas out of the blue.'

            On one level, that means the jeans are not the ordinary blue jeans but
            ones in a range of other colours. But there is also the suggestion that
            these new jeans are a sudden piece of inspiration, a stroke of genius. For
            out of the blue is an idiom which means 'quite unexpectedly' and genius
            often involves getting a brilliant idea suddenly, in a flash of illumination.
            That's very clever, but that's not quite the end of it, because it's not genius
            that they are talking about, but jeanius. That is another play on words,
            for the product they are selling, after all, is a pair of jeans.

            Many people think that dickens is linked in some way with the Victorian
            novelist. It isn't, as the entry in this book makes clear. However, a minor
            inaccuracy of that kind should not take away from this very clever play
            on words:

            When it came to selecting books for a journey, Victorian travellers had
            to contend with novels that came in three-volume editions and cost thirty
            shillings. A dickens of a price. (W. H. Smith advertisement, Daily Mail,
            October 2, 1991)

            Next time you are reading a magazine, do look at the advertisements.
            You may not buy the product, but you will enjoy the advertiser's skill in
            playing with words and idioms.
            174 + sow one's wild oats +

                evince -p 181 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/en-idiomdict2.pdf &

            I have never been able to understand the
            fascination which makes my brother
            Philip and others wish to spend their entire
            lives in this neighbourhood. I once said as
            much to Hannah, and she replied that it

            was sour grapes on my part.
            C. P. SNOW, The Conscience of the Rich, 1958.

            'You tend to make a bit of an ass of yourself
            if you start complaining about how
            you've been treated. It appears sour
            grapes-ish. I mean just look at the fool

            Mrs Thatcher is making of herself.'
            GUARDIAN, April 29, 1992.

            Dennis Canavan urged . . . the appointment
            of Baroness Thatcher as Governor
            of the Falklands.

            Mr Major drily replied that we already
            had a governor.

            No matter: she'd soon get him out.

            Robert Adley portentously warned the
            baroness that the best wine is not made
            from sour grapes. What, then, about the

            grapes of wrath?
            DAILY MAIL, June 30, 1992.

            sow one's wild oats, to

            to pursue illegal or immoral practices
            when young

            The vices of youth are varnished over
            by the saying, that there must be a time
            for 'sowing of wild oats'.

            So wrote William Cobbett in 1829. The
            excuse was not a new one. For at least
            three centuries before that, young men
            made light of their youthful dissipation
            and sexual indiscretions with the same
            phrase. The allusion is to the young and
            impulsive lad who sows wild seed on good
            ground where a mature and experienced
            man would have sown fine seed. Like the
            weeds they are, wild oats take hold
            rapidly but are extremely difficult to get
            rid of, rather like the consequences of
            youthful folly.

            A contemporary British variant
            emphasises sexual activity: men (usually
            not women) who get their oats have regular
            sexual encounters. Neither is the
            suggestion any more that they are necessarily
            young.

            Perhaps it was essential to him, as to some
            men, to sow wild oats; and afterwards,
            when he was satisfied, he would not rage
            with restlessness any more, but could settle

            down and give her his life in her hands.
            D. H. LAWRENCE, Sons and Lovers, 1913.

            Charles believed that a trial crop of wild
            oats should be sown under experienced
            sponsorship - nothing extreme, of course
            - just a visit to one of those rather absurd
            places where it could do a young man no
            harm to get his first sight of a row of nude

            women cavorting.
            JAMES HILTON, Time and Time Again, 'Paris I',
            1953.

            Mr Portillo cruelly reminded Mrs Beckett
            of her wild oats, now shyly putting out a
            second crop, presumably designed to woo
            the Left. She speaks now well again of
            Clause Four, trade union power, CND,

            Benn and Scargill - the lot.
            DAILY MAIL, May 8, 1992.

            usage: To get one's oats is very colloquial,
            the older phrase is standard.

            spade: to call a spade a spade
            to speak one's mind, to put things bluntly

            The ancient Greeks had a popular
            proverb for plain speaking, 'to call figs
            figs, and a tub a tub'. Plutarch quoted
            the expression in an episode of Sayings
            of Kings and Commanders but, when the
            scholar Erasmus drew upon the work ir
            1500 for his Adagia (a collection of Greek
            and Latin proverbs traced back to thei
            origins), he substituted 'spade' for 'tub'
            Erasmus' version stuck and fo call a spade
            a spade has been in popular use eve!
            since.

                evince -p 182 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/en-idiomdict2.pdf &

            Sometimes I get so fed up with all the
            mumbojumbo and abracadabra ané
            making of holy mysteries about simpl

            things that I like to call a spade a shovel.
            NIGEL BALCHIN, Mine Own Executioner, 1945.

            There are others, and they are numberles:
            as the sands, who are mortally afraid tc
            call a spade a spade, because that woul
            be the natural word, and to be natural, ir
            their eyes, would be common, and by thi
            declension they would fall into the pot o

            vulgarity.
            VALERIE GROVE, The Language Bar, 1980s.

            spick and span

            clean and neat, in perfect order

            It was only in the mid nineteenth centur
            that spick and span came to mean 'tidy
            clean and orderly'. Formerly the phras
            was spick and span-new, equivalent t
            brand new.

            The phrase has its origins in an Ice
            landic word spannyr, itself compoundec
            from span (a chip of wood) and ay
            (new). The sense was 'as new as a shavin;
            freshly cut from the block'. Middle Eng
            lish had the expression span-new
            Chaucer uses the phrase in Troylus an
            Cryseyde: 'This take was aie span-newe t
            begin.'

            Spick (spike or nail) was added t
            form the extended expression in the six
            teenth century. Samuel Pepys remarke:
            a weauClUlUr?lllUMSOUelU

            ~ a ed

            |

            + spill the beans+ 175

            happily on 'My Lady Batten walking
            through the dirty lane with new spicke and
            span white shoes' (Diary, November 15,
            1665), but Dr Johnson included spickand-span
            in his dictionary of 1755 only
            after much hesitation. It was his opinion
            that the word was too 'low' to be used by
            a polite writer.

            He sought his room slowly. They never
            gave him the same, and he could not get
            used to these 'spick-and-spandy' bedrooms
            with new furniture and grey-green

            carpets sprinkled all over with pink roses.
            JOHN GALSWORTHY, Indian Summer of a Forsyte,
            1918.

            His uniform was spick and span, but he

            wore it shabbily.
            W. SOMERSET MAUGHAM, Ashenden, 1928.

            usage: Less commonly hyphenated
            today.

            see also: in apple-pie order, brand new

            spill the beans, to

            to tell a secret, whether inadvertently or
            not

            The story goes that ancient Greeks were
            very particular about the sort of person
            they allowed into membership of their
            numerous secret societies. If a candidate
            presented himself to a group, his application
            was put to the vote. A discreet voting
            system was devised whereby members
            walked past a jar and dropped a single
            bean into it. White showed approval and
            black registered disapproval. Just a few
            negative votes would be enough to reject
            the candidate. Only officials in the society
            had the right to know how many black
            beans the jar contained but, occasionally,
            176 + spoke +

            someone's arm would catch the pot and
            the contents would spill out for all to see.
            The beans were spilt, the secret was
            known.

                evince -p 183 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/en-idiomdict2.pdf &

            The story is both appealing
            and credible. An ancient Greek maxim
            'Abstain from beans' was interpreted by
            Plutarch as a warning to keep out of politics
            'for beans were used in earlier times
            for voting upon the removal of magistrates
            from office' (Moralia: Education of Children,
            cAD 95), and the proverb was
            known in sixteenth-century England. In
            the eighteenth century certain British
            clubs used a similar method of selecting
            members (see to blackball someone).

            Unfortunately, the expression itself has
            only been in circulation since the 1920s
            when it gained popularity in America
            before coming to Britain. Perhaps it has
            more to do with a farmer or storekeeper
            being invited to reveal the quality of his
            crop or merchandise than with the world
            of the ancients.

            Michael has spilled the beans to Gadsby,
            who is even now distributing them (in the

            strictest confidence) to his colleagues.
            NICHOLAS BLAKE, A Question of Proof, 1935.

            Her resistance proved futile. Other less
            sensitive hacks spilled the beans and Paxos

            is now about as obscure as Disneyland.
            OBSERVER, July 28, 1991.

            Little more than 24 hours after the Mail
            finally spilled the beans, the Queen issued
            her short statement confirming the breakup
            of the 51/2-year marriage, stressing that
            she did not wish newspaper speculation to
            detract from the general _ election
            campaign.

            THE SUNDAY TIMES, March 22, 1992.

            Entitled The Naked Spy, the book (to be
            serialised in this newspaper) promised to
            spill several beans - so much so that
            Ivanov, fearing a visit from MIS, resisted
            the temptation to come over here to pro
            mote the book.
            THE SUNDAY TIMES, March 22, 1992.

            usage: informal

            a a spoke in someone's
            ; whee

            purposely to hinder someone's plans or
            success

            Formerly cartwheels were solid circles of
            wood. The front wheels on a cart would
            have holes in them through which a stout
            bar of wood, known as a spoke, could be
            thrust in order to check the cart's speed
            when rolling downhill, or brake it
            altogether.

            In the original expression, the carter
            checked his own speed. In modern usage,
            someone else's projects are deliberately
            sabotaged.

            He ought perhaps to have put a spoke in
            the wheel of their marriage; they were too
            young; but after that experience of Jo's
            susceptibility he had been only too anxious
            to see him married.

            JOHN GALSWORTHY, The Man of Property, 1906.
            It is well known that to praise someone
            whose rivalry you do not dread is often a
            very good way of putting a spoke in the

            wheel of someone whose rivalry you do.
            W. SOMERSET MAUGHAM, Cakes and Ale, 1930.

            usage: Colloquial, despite its long
            pedigree.

            spots: to knock (the) spots off

            to defeat with ease

                evince -p 184 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/en-idiomdict2.pdf &

            That the idiom is an American one from
            the middle of the nineteenth century is
            certain. Less certain is its origin. It probably
            goes back to the days when men
            would engage in shooting contests to find
            the best marksman. The target would be a
            playing card, the idea being to hit as many
            of the 'spots' (the visual symbols for
            spades, clubs, diamonds or hearts) on the
            card as possible. The marksman skilful
            enough to knock the spots off the card
            would emerge as victor.

            Addison County leads the van (or 'knocks
            the spots off, as we say here) in Vermont
            and is celebrated over the world for its fine

            horses.
            PORTER'S Spirit of the Times, November 22, 1856.

            Sue Lawley's chat show may have been
            axed but I hope she doesn't change her
            aggressive style. She knocks the spots off

            sycophantic Wogan.
            TODAY, May 12, 1992.

            usage: Informal. To knock spots off is very
            common.

            spout: up the spout
            wasted, spoilt, ruined, in great difficulty

            The spout was a type of lift found in a
            pawnbroker's shop. Articles to be
            pawned were put into it and hauled up to
            the rooms above where they were stored.
            Belongings that had gone up the spout
            were out of service, totally useless to the
            owner until they were redeemed.

            More recently the phrase has become a
            cuphemism for 'pregnant', though
            whether it is intended to describe intercourse
            or simply refer to the fact that the
            woman is temporarily out of action is
            unclear.
            * squareone+ 177

            Fifty dollars' tuition, all of our plans - my
            hopes and ambitions for you - just gone up
            the spout, just gone up the spout like that.

            TENNESSEE WILLIAMS, The Glass Menagerie,
            1944,

            She asked herself the question that so many
            people, even her mother's critics, asked:
            Where would the Knightons be if it wasn't
            for Mrs Knighton? Up the spout, down the
            drain - anywhere but in the position of

            influence and honour.
            L.P. HARTLEY, A Perfect Woman, 1955.

            usage: Colloquial generally, and very colloquial
            in the narrow, euphemistic sense
            of 'pregnant'.

            square one: back to square one

            to be back where one started with a project
            or plan

            The explanation normally given for this
            phrase is that before the days of televised
            sport, soccer enthusiasts would spend
            Saturday afternoons huddled round the
            wireless listening to live commentary. The
            Radio Times printed a plan of the pitch
            which was divided into squares, each with
            a number. In the 1930s, for example, Captain
            H B Wakelam gave rugby commentaries
            in which an assistant would murmur
            'Square six' . . . 'Square two' as the ball
            moved about the field. Playing the ball
            back to square one meant losing maximum
            territorial advantage and, by extension,
            it meant 'back to the beginning'.
            Opponents of this explanation suggest
            that the phrase was in use before the days
            of radio commentaries and its origin is
            best found in hopscotch or in board games
            such as Snakes and Ladders, where a
            penalty might involve returning to the
            start - square one.
            178 « stalking horse 
                evince -p 185 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/en-idiomdict2.pdf &

            'He's been looking a bit better since he
            had a holiday in Pembroke, but if he
            isn't careful all the worry and bother will

            put him back to square one.
            Doris Archer's Diary, Selections from Twenty-One
            Years of The Archers, 1971.

            stalking horse, a

            a less acceptable purpose hidden behind
            a more attractive facade

            The problem of any huntsman is how to
            get close enough to the game to take a
            good shot. In the Middle Ages, the stalking
            horse answered this need. Horses
            were trained to provide cover for fowlers
            who hid behind them whilst stealthily
            creeping up on their quarry. Later real
            horses were no longer used but were
            replaced by movable screens made in the
            shape of a horse.

            In modern times there has been an
            extension of the meaning, particularly in
            politics. Sir Anthony Meyer stood in
            opposition to Mrs Thatcher in 1989 for the
            leadership of the Conservative Party. No
            one expected him to win; the purpose of
            the challenge was to demonstrate that
            there was opposition to the incumbent
            and perhaps also prepare the way for a
            weightier challenger on a future occasion.
            Sir Anthony was widely described in the
            press as a stalking horse. And, in the
            event, Mrs Thatcher was deposed the following
            year.

            He uses his folly like a stalking-horse and
            under the presentation of that he shoots his
            wil.

            WILLIAM SHAKESPEARE, As You Like It, 1599.
            The cost of building a golf course is staggering.
            Developers claim they need leisure
            facilities or housing developments . . . to
            make it financially viable. (Hence the accusation
            that golf is being used as a stalking

            horse for yet more housing.)
            COUNTRY LIVING, September 1991.

            sterner stuff: made of sterner
            stuff

            having a firm resolve; inflexible,
            unyielding

            This expression is part of a line from
            Shakespeare's Julius Caesar. In Act III
            Scene ii Mark Antony, speaking at
            Caesar's funeral, answers the charge that
            he was an ambitious man:

            Did this in Caesar seem ambitious?
            When that the poor have cried, Caesar
            hath wept;

            Ambition should be made of sterner

            stuff.

            We shook hands and I watched him cross
            the road with his loose long-legged stride.
            I, being made of stuff less stern, stepped

            into the taxi and returned to my hotel.
            W. SOMERSET MAUGHAM, The Razor's Edge,
            1944.

            usage: The expression can be used
            approvingly but it may have critical overtones
            through a perceived hardness and
            inflexibility.

            stiff upper lip, a

            to remain calm and composed in the face
            of problems or danger

            Keeping a stiff upper lip is supposedly an
            admirable characteristic of the British. It
            refers to the ability to keep one's features,
            especially one's mouth, under control so
            that they do not betray the wurmoil of
            emotion within. It is allied to resoluteness
            and courage of spirit, though some - the
            Princess of Wales included - think it no
            virtue at all.

                evince -p 186 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/en-idiomdict2.pdf &

            'When people suffer a loss they are taught
            to keep a stiff upper lip and not to show
            their emotions. This is unhealthy because
            their emotions can overwhelm them at a

            later time.'
            H.R.H. PRINCESS OF WALES, Daily Mail, September
            12, 1991.

            She is tactile, emotional, gently irreverent
            and spontaneous.' For a white-gloved,
            stiff-upper-lip institution with a large 'Do
            not touch' sign hanging from its crown,

            the Princess of Wales is a threat.
            ANDREW MORTON, Diana: Her True Story, 1992.

            stone: to leave no stone unturned

            to make every effort possible to accomplish
            an aim

            After the defeat of the Persians by the
            Greeks at Plataea (477 BC), Polycrates
            decided to look for treasure rumoured to
            have been left in the tent of the Persian
            general Mardonius. Unable to find it, he
            resorted to the oracle at Delphi which
            instructed him to 'move every stone'.
            Polycrates resumed his search and found
            the treasure.

            The phrase rapidly became semiproverbial.
            Aristophanes in 410 BC called
            it 'the old proverb' (The Thesmophoriazusae)
            and Becon in 1560 'the common
            proverb' (A New Catechisme).

            The original meaning of the
            expression, 'an exhaustive search', is still
            current, but it may be used more widely
            to embrace sparing no expense or effort
            to achieve a goal.

            It humiliates me to speak to you as I am
            speaking. But I am heart-set on you, and
            to win you there is not a precious stone I

            would leave unturned.
            MAX BEERBOHM, Zuleika Dobson, 1912.
            + storm inateacup> 179

            Your idyll with that fellow Jolyon Forsyte
            is known to me at all events. If you pursue
            it, understand that I will leave no stone
            unturned to make things unbearable for
            him.

            JOHN GALSWORTHY, In Chancery, 1920.

            usage: The expression was _ heavily
            overused in the vogue for detective fiction
            during this century, turning it into a contemporary
            cliché.

            storm in a teacup, a

            a petty disagreement, much fuss made
            about something of little importance.

            'Excitabat fluctus in simpulo' is a neat
            little metaphor used by Cicero. Translated
            it reads, 'He whipped up waves in a
            ladle.' Some commentators suggest that
            the storm in a teacup is a variation of
            this saying. According to Partridge, other
            distinguished people have played with the
            expression, notably the Duke of
            Ormond's 'storm in a_ cream-bowl'
            (1678), Grand Duke Paul of Russia's
            'tempest in a glass of water' (c1790) and
            Lord Thurlow's 'storm in a wash-hand
            basin' (1830). Storms in teacups do not
            appear to have arisen until the nineteenth
            century.

            For all that, his sympathies had been
            entirely with her in the recent squabble.
            'What a ridiculous little storm in a tea-cup

            it was!' he thought with a laugh.
            MURRAY'S MAGAZINE, 1887.

            Intended as a peck it develops into a
            passionate embrace. A storm in a teacup
            results but in the context of the Edwardian
            period there is the theme here for a good

            serious comedy...
            MID SUSSEX TIMES, August 16, 1991.
            180

                evince -p 187 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/en-idiomdict2.pdf &

            The Bible and Shakespeare

            Some works have had a quite stunning impact on the cultures of the globe
            on which we live. For example, parts of the Old Testament of the Bible
            have been in existence for several thousand years and the whole Bible has
            been translated (in part, if not yet in its entirety) into many hundreds of
            languages. Similarly, great works of literature have been read in translation
            far beyond the confines of their original language. Moliére, Cervantes
            and Dostoevski have had a ready audience that transcends their time and
            culture.

            And so it is within Britain. Some works have exerted an immense
            influence on language and culture over centuries. As any listener to the
            radio programme Desert Island Discs would know, the two most important
            works are the Bible and Shakespeare.

            The most prolific author

            It is not very surprising that one authority lists ninety phrases coming
            from Shakespeare's work. That is, ninety phrases, not ninety quotations,
            of which we could all probably recognise hundreds.

            Many expressions we use every day, and never for a moment think they
            go all the way back to Shakespeare. In the mind's eye, for example, with
            bated breath and out of joint.

            There are quite a few more which sound informal to modern-day ears.
            Shakespeare himself wasn't afraid of contemporary colloquialisms in his
            plays. For instance, to lay it on with a trowel, which means 'to flatter
            somebody excessively', or 'to overdo something'. And there's the rub,
            which means 'that is where the problem lies'.

            These expressions are familiar to us today through their telling appearance
            in Shakespeare's writings. But it does not necessarily follow that
            they are his invention. His plays are full of the sayings of contemporary
            popular speech. There's the rub, for instance, actually comes from the
            game of bowls. Out of joint has been found three hundred years before
            the date of Hamlet, in which it appears.

            In such cases as these, he appears to have fixed these phrases in the
            popular mind. But on the whole, when nothing else is knowa, other
            phrases seem to bear the stamp of his invention. Clearly we owe a great
            idiomatic debt to Shakespeare.

            The most prolific book
            The works of Shakespeare have been such a rich source of idioms that it
            181

            is difficult to believe that one book has been even more influential.

                evince -p 188 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/en-idiomdict2.pdf &

            For
            centuries the Bible was the book that was most read and quoted in Britain.
            It's no wonder, then, that many idiomatic phrases have been added to the
            language from its pages. Moreover, it's one particular translation - that
            authorised by King James in 1611 - from which they nearly all come.

            in the twinkling of an eye: Generally, we are unaware of the biblical source
            of an expression. Only a student of early modern English, or a careful
            reader of the Bible, would connect this phrase with a passage in the New
            Testament where Paul is talking about what will happen when Christ
            returns to earth: We shall all be changed in a moment, in the twinkling of
            an eye, at the last trumpet (1 Corinthians 15:52).

            In the twinkling of an eye is a translation of a traditional Greek phrase,
            suggesting 'in the time it takes to cast a glance, or to flutter an eyelid'.

            to play the fool: In some cases the sense of an expression has changed
            since 1611. When Saul, the king, admits his guilt for following David and
            trying to kill him, he is obviously referring to an act of great seriousness:
            I have sinned: return, my son, David: for I will no more do thee harm,
            because my soul was precious in thine eyes this day. Behold, I have played
            the fool, and have erred exceedingly (1 Samuel 26:21).

            Today we use the expression in relation to something unimportant and
            trivial, as Kingsley Amis does here: Come down and stop playing the fool.
            I've got a few things to say to you and you'd better listen.

            These phrases are still in popular use. See page 55 for an account of to
            wash one's hands of something. All the following are dealt with in detail
            in this dictionary:

            Adam's ale the writing is on the wall
            Adam's apple filthy lucre
            feet of clay a fly in the ointment
            at the eleventh hour to separate the sheep from the
            goats
            a whited sepulchre sackcloth and ashes
            to strain at a gnat and swallow _ till/to kingdom come
            a camel a wolf in sheep's clothing

            a little bird told me to turn the other cheek

                evince -p 189 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/en-idiomdict2.pdf &

            strain at a gnat and swallow a
            camel, to

            to be preoccupied with the trivial rather
            than the important, with details rather
            than major matters

            This biblical expression meaning 'to fuss
            over insignificant matters while accepting
            glaring faults' can be found in Matthew
            23:24. Jesus criticises the scribes and
            Pharisees for their bad example to the
            people in meticulously observing less
            important areas of the law whilst failing
            to observe the weighty issues of justice,
            mercy and faithfulness. The law, says
            Jesus, should be kept in its entirety:
            'These ought ye to have done, and not to
            leave the other undone. Ye blind guides,
            who strain at a gnat, and swallow a camel.'
            (Authorised Version, 1611)

            The expression is commonly thought to
            describe someone who has difficulty in
            swallowing a gnat but none at all in swallowing
            a camel. In fact the original Greek
            text does not read 'strain at', as the Authorised
            Version translates it, but 'strain
            out' and refers to the practice of straining
            wine before it was drunk to remove the
            tiny insects which bred in it while it was
            fermenting. The New International Version
            of the Bible (1973) correctly translates
            the words as 'strain out' but, of
            course, 'strain at' is now part of our idiomatic
            language and the expression's misleading
            wording will remain.

            Mr Gosse's view seems to be, in fact, the
            precise antithesis of Dr Johnson's; he
            swallows the spirit of Browne's writing,

            and strains at the form.
            LYTTON STRACHEY, Literary Essays, 1948.

            She dismounted at the door of the humble
            cottage, carrying a bowl of steaming soup
            - I was going to say, but just as I was
            nel »

            wondering how she could carry it on
            horseback, for my imaginings, which
            would swallow a camel, sometimes also
            strained at a gnat - I heard a voice behind

            me that made me jump.
            L. P. HARTLEY, The Go-Between, 1953.

            'That the FA should strain at a gnat and
            swallow a camel, that they should continue
            to agonise about selling their historic Cup
            to a sponsor - when they have already sold
            it out so comprehensively to TV - is surprising.'

            INDEPENDENT, May 5, 1992.

            usage: literary

            straw poll, a

            a superficial test of opinion

            It is difficult to imagine a time when
            public opinion polls were not an ingredient
            in general elections. Straw polls were
            forerunners of these and originated in
            America. In 1824 reporters from the
            Harrisburg Pennsylvanian decided to
            question the people of Wilmington to try
            to establish their preferred presidential
            candidate. The idea caught on.

            The name straw poll alludes to the custom
            of throwing a straw up in the air in
            order to determine the direction and
            strength of the wind. Figurative reference
            to this rural practice is much older than
            the straw poll, however. John Selden uses
            itin Table-Talk: Libels as early as the mid
            seventeenth century.

            Undoubtedly, spending habits are profoundly
            influenced by our backgrounds;
            we either copy our parents or reject them.
            A straw poll among my friends, all postwar
            babies brought up in the shadow of
            rationing and austerity, revealed that as
            children we were expected to bath in 'Ain
            of water. Now we fill our tubs deeply, and
            it still feels like a delicious forbidden
            luxury.

                evince -p 190 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/en-idiomdict2.pdf &

            GOOD HOUSEKEEPING, May 1992.

            Lower lip reinforced, eyes mopped,
            morale-boosting outfit on, I struggled into
            the office for Day Two. It started with a
            quick straw poll of the other mothers.
            They had all felt like resigning for the first
            48 hours. Sit it out, they said, get on with
            it, it'll be fine. Cold, hard beasts, I

            thought.
            WEEKEND TELEGRAPH, May 16, 1992.

            straw: the last/final straw

            an insignificant event which brings about
            a final catastrophe

            The last straw is an abbreviation of the
            proverb It's the last straw that breaks the
            laden camel's back, and both are current.
            It is not the original proverb, however. In
            the seventeenth and eighteenth centuries
            people spoke of the last feather that breaks
            the horse's back. Dickens introduced the
            present-day variant in Dombey and Son
            (1848).

            A number of languages, among them
            French, Spanish and Arabic, have
            proverbs which express the same idea in
            a similar way: that eventually a minute,
            and seemingly insignificant, increase in
            weight, effort or volume will bring about
            disaster. It seems a highly relevant expression
            for today's high-pressure, highstress
                lifestyles.

            The car ploughed into the side of Christine
            und Kingsley Hunt's house ... Janice
            Thompson said, 'This was the last straw  
            the mess that was left was incredible'.
            MID SUSSEX TIMES, August 16, 1991.
            + sword of Damocles+ 183

            Holiday was too tough a test for my marriage.
            Sometimes that romantic idyll turns

            out to be the last straw in a relationship.
            HEADLINE, DAILY MAIL, June 30, 1992.

            'Moving in with that woman right under
            my nose was the straw that broke the
            camel's back. I wouldn't have minded in
            the slightest if she had been in the next
            county. But this is a horrible gossipy little
            village, and I have to pass that cottage
            every day.'

            DAILY MIRROR, May 27, 1992.

            usage: Laden is often omitted from the
            full form of the proverb.

            sword of Damocles, the

            impending doom, an imminent threat

            Damocles' story is an ancient one
            recorded in the works of Horace and Persius,
            amongst others. It was alluded to in
            English literature in the sixteenth century
            but received scant attention until the
            nineteenth century.

            The story tells of Dionysius, ruler of
            Syracuse around 400 BC, who, night and
            day, was compelled to listen to the sycophantic
            murmurings of Damocles lauding
            his power and riches. The exasperated
            Dionysius finally invited him to taste this
            good fortune for himself, urging him to
            take his own seat at the banqueting table.
            Damocles accepted eagerly and was
            enjoying the feast when, glancing
            upwards, he was horrified to see a large
            sword suspended above his head by a
            single hair. This, explained Dionysius,
            was a symbol of the insecurity which
            everyone holding power and position is
            forced to live with.
            184 « tack +

                evince -p 191 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/en-idiomdict2.pdf &

            Graham Townsend is very angry: 'It's like
            having the Sword of Damocles hanging
            over my head.' The EC dairy directives
            have not yet been published, so Graham
            doesn't know where he stands. They
            barely make a profit as it is, and having
            never borrowed, he is not prepared to start

            now.
            GOOD HOUSEKEEPING, July 1992.

            tack: on the right/wrong tack

            following the right/wrong course of action

            When a sailing ship needs to head into
            the wind it has to steer a zig-zag course
            to make progress. This is known as tacking.
            A ship on the wrong tack will make
            no headway.

            To go (off ) on another tack is from the
            same source and means 'to take another
            course of action than that previously
            followed'.

            People are quite on the wrong tack in
            offering less than they can afford to give;
            they ought to offer more, and work

            backward.
            JOHN GALSWORTHY, To Let, 1921.

            It was at this point in the conversation that
            Miss Thriplow became aware that she had
            made a huge mistake, that she was sailing

            altogether on the wrong tack.
            ALDOUS HUXLEY, Those Barren Leaves, 1925.

            usage: Through similarity of form and
            meaning, one sometimes finds on the

            right/wrong track.

            see also: to bark up the wrong tree
            tarred with the same brush

            considered to show the same faults or
            peculiarities

            This expression seems to originate with
            the shepherd and his flock. Formerly,
            sheep sores were treated by dabbing them
            with tar, the same brush sufficing to dress
            the sores of every sheep in the flock. A
            tar brush might also be used to daub a
            special mark of ownership upon every
            fleece, so that each sheep was identified
            as being a member of the same flock.

            They are a' tarr'd wi' the same stick.
            WALTER SCOTT, Rob Roy, 1818.

            I cannot see, from my reading of history
            that there is a pin to choose between the
            morality of empires and that of republics.

            They are both tarred with the same brush.
            W. R. INGE, More Lay Thoughts, 'Three Lectures',
            1931.

            Finally Dixon said: 'She does seem rather
            as if she's tarred with the same brush as
            Bertrand.'

            She gave him a curious sardonic smile.

            'I should say they've got a lot in common.'
            KINGSLEY AMIS, Lucky Jim, 1954.

            usage: An uncomplimentary remark.

            tell it to the marines

            A remark expressing incredulity at a story

            Samuel Pepys' Diary for 1664 supposedly
            reports how Charles II was once at a banquet
            with the diarist, who was entertaining
            him with anecdotes about the navy.
            The subject of flying fish came up in conversation
            and had the company laughing
            in disbelief, all except for an officer in
            the marines who claimed that he too had
            glimpsed these creatures.

                evince -p 192 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/en-idiomdict2.pdf &

            The king was
            convinced, saying that the marines had
            vast experience of the seas and customs
            in different lands and that should he ever
            again come across a strange tale he would
            check the truth of it by telling it to the
            marines.

            Unfortunately, diligent searches of
            Pepys' Diary came up with no such entry
            and the story proved to be an ingenious
            hoax dreamed up by one W. P. Drury
            who spread it abroad in a book of naval
            stories he had written.

            Many authorities have enthusiastically
            reported Drury's leg-pull, doubtless
            because it makes such a charming story.
            Less fanciful but more accurate is the
            explanation that the expression has
            its origins in the deep contempt which the
            sailors of the navy had for the men of the
            marines. The navy were jealous for their
            seafaring traditions and made _ the
            marines the target of ridicule, representing
            them as gullible idiots with no
            understanding of life at sea. So successful
            was their slander campaign that an expression
            Tell it to the. marines, the sailors
            won't believe it became current. John
            Moore uses the full expression in The
            Post-Captain (1810) and Byron, writing
            thirteen years later, refers to it as an old
            saying in a note on the verse quoted
            below. Exactly how old, it is not possible
            to say.

            But, Whatsoe'er betide, ah, Neuha! now
            Unman me not; the hour will not allow

            A tear: 'I'm thine, whatever intervenes!'
            'Right,' quoth Ben; 'that will do for the

            marines.'
            LORD BYRON, The Island, 1823.

            Talk thus to the marines, but not to me

            who have seen these things.
            GENERAL WILLIAM SHERMAN, Letter to General
            J. B. Hood, September 10, 1864.
            * tenterhooks + 185

            Is that a story to tell to such a man as me!

            You may tell it to the marines!
            ANTHONY TROLLOPE, The Small House at Allington,
            1864.

            usage: Tell that to the marines is equally
            common.

            tenterhooks, on

            under strain, in a state of agitation or
            suspense

            Formerly, cloth which had just been
            woven and washed was stretched out taut
            to dry without wrinkling or shrinkage on
            a wooden frame or tenter (from the Latin
            tendere, 'to stretch'), where it was secured
            by hooks. Someone who feels tense while
            awaiting the outcome of a situation is said
            to be on tenterhooks.

            Another early use of tenter undoubtedly
            strengthened the figurative
            meaning. Because of its construction and
            stretching function, a tenter was also a
            word for that instrument of torture, the
            rack. On the rack and on tenterhooks are
            close cousins in origin and meaning.

            Having ordered a light repast, they
            awaited its arrival together with that of Mr
            Bellby, in silent reaction after the hour and
            a half's suspense on the tenterhooks of
            publicity.

            JOHN GALSWORTHY, In Chancery, 1920.

            The post was delivered at noon and at five
            minutes to she looked at her watch and
            him. Though Ashenden knew very well
            that no letter would ever come for her he
            had not the heart to keep her on

            tenter-hooks.
            W. SOMERSET MAUGHAM, Ashenden, 1928.

            usage: Written today as one word, without
            a hyphen.
            186 « tether >

                evince -p 193 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/en-idiomdict2.pdf &

            tether: at the end of one's tether

            at the point of frustration, at the end of
            one's inner resources, powers of
            endurance

            A tether is a rope by which the freedom
            of grazing animals to wander is restricted,
            one end being fastened around the animal's
            neck and the other to a stake. The
            expression describes the frustration of the
            animal which strains to browse further
            afield and run where it will.

            He proposed to call a witness to show how
            the prisoner, a profligate and spendthrift,
            had been at the end of his financial tether,
            and had also been carrying on an intrigue
            with a certain Mrs Raikes, a neighbouring
            farmer's wife.

            AGATHA CHRISTIE, The Mysterious Affair at
            Styles, 1920.

            I didn't need the set, withdrawn look of
            his face, the occasional mumbling of the
            lips, to tell me that he was mentally very

            near the end of his tether.
            HAMMOND INNES, The Doomed Oasis, 1960.

            My new routine has nearly established
            itself. I now have the blissful freedom of
            no longer having to make decisions about
            how I spend each section of the day. If it's
            10 o'clock I'll be moaning about London
            Transport, if it's 11 I'll be at the end of my
            tether with the coffee machine, and if my
            discontent remains at this level then we
            shouldn't have to sell the house, disturb
            the children and do all the other things that

            would mean destroying others' routines.
            WEEKEND TELEGRAPH, May 16, 1992.

            three Rs, the

            the basic subjects taught at school: reading,
            writing and arithmetic
            This is attributed to Alderman Sir William
            Curtis (1752-1829) who rose to
            become Lord Mayor of London. A firm
            believer in education, he once proposed
            the toast at a public dinner given by the
            Board of Education with: 'The three Rs
            ~ Riting, Reading and Rithmetic.' The
            spelling is ascribed to Sir William's generally
            agreed illiteracy. However, a writer
            in Notes and Queries knew someone present
            at the dinner. Sir William, it appears,
            had a limited education but was very
            shrewd (as one might expect from a Lord
            Mayor of London and a warden of the
            Tower for many years). He chose the particular
            wording as a joke, and it was
            received with great applause and merriment.
            His political opponents seized on
            the phrase and used it to portray Sir William
            as an ignoramus. If this account,
            given in Walsh, is correct, then the mud
            has indeed stuck.

            Having read the article about Education
            Secretary John Patten's five-year-old
            daughter Mary Claire and her state school,
            I find it worrying that there was no mention
            of the three Rs. Instead, religion, sex

            and green issues were quoted.
            DAILY EXPRESS, April 30, 1992.

            Spiritual and moral development is as
            important as mastering the three Rs and
            must not be left solely to a school's
            religious education department, said
            David Pascall, chairman of the National

            Curriculum Council.
            DAILY MAIL, May 8, 1992.

            usage: An alternative form is the three
            R's.

            throw in the towel, to

            to give in

                evince -p 194 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/en-idiomdict2.pdf &

            See to throw uplin the sponge

            But despite the unending demands, he has
            no regrets: 'I was only ready once to throw
            in the towel, and that was around three
            years after I started. It wasn't the demands
            of the job, but the clinical isolation that
            was wearing me down. But things began

            to change, and I carried on.'
            WHAT'S ON TV, July 20, 1991.

            usage: informal

            throw up/in the sponge, to

            to give up, to admit defeat

            This was originally to throw up the sponge
            for, in the days of prize-fighting, when a
            fighter had taken enough punishment and
            was ready to admit defeat, his corner
            would toss up into the air the sponge used
            to refresh him between rounds. Today to
            throw in the towel, a later gesture of
            defeat, is perhaps more commonly heard.

            As the quotation given under to kick
            the bucket indicates, the metaphor in
            America was extended to giving up the
            battle for life, hence the sense of 'to die'.
            It is not current on thi side of the
            Atlantic.

            If ever you are tempted to say... 'Iam
            beaten and I throw up the sponge', remem
            ber Paul's wise exhortation.
            ALEX MACLAREN, Philippians, 1909.

            So Mummy and Daddy and Johnny and
            Jane book a self-catering holiday and
            struggle there with a carful of food and
            drink and nappies and clip-on highchairs
            . . . and wear themselves to the bone with
            a strenuous week of self-catering. Unless
            they chuck in the sponge completely and
            head for the Med, where hosts and
            + thumbs upldown + 187

            hoteliers will smile upon their children,
            chuck them under the chin, let them run
            around the kitchen and generally appreciate
            them as much as the parents do themselves.
            AA MAGAZINE, Issue 1, 1992.

            usage: Only to throw in the sponge is commonly
            used today. Informal.

            see also: to throw in the towel

            thumbs up/down: to give something
            the thumbs up/down

            to show approval/disapproval for something,
            to give a project the go-ahead/to
            reject a project

            Whilst it may be stated with confidence
            that this expression has in some way
            emerged from the use of the thumb to
            judge combats in Roman arenas, there
            is considerable confusion over what the
            signals actually were. Those signals we
            can be reasonably sure of are contrary to
            what we would expect from our modern
            use of thumbs up and thumbs down.

            Although the thumbs-up sign signifies
            approval to us, it was not the gesture that
            a gladiator on the point of defeat wanted
            to see. He would have preferred the audience
            to turn down their thumbs or, better
            still, to close them up within their fists
            (pollicem comprimere), a signal that he
            had fought well and deserved to be
            spared. Other thumb positions - turned
            up, whirled round, turned inwards or outwards
            - meant disapproval: the wounded
            man should be shown no mercy but dispatched
            forthwith.

            Funk (1950) attributes the reversal of
            meaning to a painting by the French artist
            Jean Léon Gérome in 1873. He misinterpreted
            the signal for death, Pollice Verso
            188 + thunder +

                evince -p 195 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/en-idiomdict2.pdf &

            (the title he gave to his painting), as
            'thumbs down' rather than 'thumbs
            turned'.

            Which? readers who've extended their
            homes give it the thumbs-up, despite
            potential pitfalls of costs, delays, local
            authority red tape and problems in getting
            building work done satisfactorily.
            WHICH?, February 1988.

            Thumbs up, even after the hitches.
            HEADLINE, OBSERVER REVIEW, July 28, 1991.

            The Queen having firmly given the royal
            thumbs-down to any thought of abdication
            in either the near or the far-distant future,
            the murmuring classes have once again
            been turning their restless minds to the
            question of how Prince Charles will

            occupy himself in the coming years.
            DAILY MAIL, March 5, 1992.

            usage: Thumbs up is used more frequently
            than thumbs down. Perhaps we
            are all natural optimists! Thumbs up can
            be used as an encouragement to someone
            facing a test, like 'Good luck'.

            thunder: to steal someone's
            thunder

            to upstage someone, to take the credit
            properly belonging to someone else

            The expression was coined by playwright
            and critic John Dennis (1657-1734), who
            discovered that, by rattling a sheet of tin,
            he could make the sound of thunder for
            dramatic effect in his play Appius and
            Virginia (1709). The play was not well
            received, Pope being one of its most cutting
            critics, and closed down after only a
            short run. The sound effects were more
            successful, however, a.d Dennis was
            infuriated to hear his thunder reproduced
            not long afterwards in a production of
            Macbeth, when it is reported that he
            leaped to his feet in anger crying, 'See
            how the rascals use me! They will not let
            my play run, and yet they steal my
            thunder!'

            The chief change in English opinion during
            recent years has been the eclipse of
            Liberalism, so powerful during the nineteenth
            century. Labour has stolen the
            Radical thunder and an electoral system
            which allows neither Alternative Vote or
            Proportional Representation inevitably
            and unfairly destroys the weaker party of

            the three.
            IVOR BROWN, The Heart of England, 1935.

            The Government's predatory behaviour in
            stealing Jack Straw's thunder shows that
            they feel electorally vulnerable on the sub
            ject of reading - as well they might.
            TIMES EDUCATIONAL SUPPLEMENT, January
            10, 1992.

            ticket: that's the ticket

            that's just what's needed

            The phrase may be a corruption of the
            French word étiquette. This means 'ticket'
            in translation, and a mispronounced
            anglicised version of étiquette could easily
            be construed as 'That's the ticket'.

            Edwards suggests that the sense 'that's
            the right way to proceed' comes from étiquettes,
            which were programmes of
            events or ceremonies distributed to make
            sure that things ran smoothly. Another
            possible explanation concerns tickets
            which were given to the needy to
            exchange for food, fuel and clothing. The
            full phrase would be 'That's the ticket for
            soup', to distinguish between that ticket
            and any other.

                evince -p 196 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/en-idiomdict2.pdf &

            Princess Diana yesterday showed just how
            determined she is to keep up her fitness
            regime when she took to the pool for a
            quick 12 laps of her favourite exercise. Her
            quick-fit regime is just the ticket for a busy
            royal tour schedule, exercising almost

            every muscle in her body.
            TODAY, May 12, 1992.

            usage: Informal. Just the ticket is an
            alternative.

            tie the knot, to

            to take one's marriage vows

            Knots are a feature of many ancient marriage
            rituals throughout the world. The
            climax of a Hindu ceremony comes when
            the garments of the bride and groom are
            tied together and, thus bound, the couple
            walks round holy fire. In Sikh weddings
            the bride and groom both wear a scarf.
            During the ceremony the bride's father
            knots the two scarves together and the
            couple honour the Sikh scriptures.
            Chinese Buddhists revere a certain deity,
            Yue-laou, who unites with a silken cord
            all predestined couples; after which,
            nothing can prevent their union.

            Knots are also part of our own ceremonies.
            The ribbons in a bridal bouquet
            traditionally should be knotted. The
            knots are there to symbolise love and
            unity and the solemn bond of marriage
            which cannot be broken. As the old
            proverb goes, 'He has tied a knot with
            his tongue he can't untie with all his teeth'
            (John Ray, English Proverbs, 1670); the
            vows so easily tied are not so easily
            loosened.

            A couple from Mid Sussex tied the knot in

            Las Vegas at the Little Church of the West.
            MID SUSSEX TIMES, August 30, 1991,
            + tilt at windmills + -189

            Married couples are normally banned
            from journeying on space missions
            because they interfere with team spirit. But
            officials decided to make an exception for
            Jan and Mark because they tied the knot
            after being selected for the voyage on the

            Endeavour in August.
            DAILY EXPRESS, February 25, 1992.

            Time to be the darling bride of May. It's
            the first day of the rest of your lives, so tie

            the knot with style for magical memories.
            HEADLINE, DAILY EXPRESS, May 25, 1992.

            usage: In earlier years it was possible to
            tie a knot, but no longer. The definite
            article is now essential.

            tilt at windmills, to

            to face an imagined foe, to take on a fanciful
            enemy

            The phrase is from the classical Spanish
            novel Don Quixote de la Mancha by Cervantes
            in which the knight attacks some
            windmills in the belief that they are monstrous
            giants. When his lance becomes
            entangled in one of the whirling sails,
            Don Quixote is snatched up from his
            horse before falling heavily to the ground,
            his act of chivalry leading only to injury.
            The book was published in 1605 and such
            was its popularity that by 1622 references
            to Don Quixote's battle with the windmills
            had started to appear in English
            literature with the expression 'to have
            windmills in one's head', meaning 'to
            have one's head full of fanciful notions'.
            This idiom, once very popular, has now
            slipped from use. Tilting at windmills,
            meaning battling with imagined enemies,
            appeared later, around 1644.
            190 « tinker's dam/damn 
                evince -p 197 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/en-idiomdict2.pdf &

            'Rather eccentric, I'm afraid,' said Poirot.
            'Most of that family are. Spoilt, of course.

            Always inclined to tilt at windmills.'
            AGATHA CHRISTIE, Death on the Nile, 1937.

            He is the legatee of a tradition of opprobrious
            persecution by spiteful laws and mean
            prejudice, and thus can hardly be blamed
            for tilting at demolished windmills or
            ascribing his failure to secure mainstream

            commissions to his homosexuality.
            THE SUNDAY TIMES, August 11, 1991.

            usage: Partridge demoted the phrase to a
            cliché from the mid nineteenth century.
            It is now rather dated and literary.

            tinker's dam/damn: not to care/
            give a tinker's dam/damn

            not to care at all about something, to be
            totally indifferent to something

            At one time itinerant tinkers were
            familiar figures. They roamed the
            countryside earning their living by mending
            pots and pans. A hole in a pan would
            be surrounded by a wall, or dam, of clay,
            or even bread, and solder poured inside.
            Once the solder had set, the dam would
            be thrown aside. So the tinker's dam is
            worthless and trivial, something to
            discard.

            An alternative theory is that tinkers
            had a reputation for swearing and cursing
            at every other word, so much so that their
            expletives, their damns or cusses, became
            meaningless.

            I feel fairly confident that there cannot be
            many among you who give a tinker's curse
            whether you copped .003" last night or
            .004". I doubt that you would know what
            to do with the information even if you had
            it. Meteorology for you is about whether

            or not to take your hat.
            THE TIMES, September 4, 1991.

            toa T

            perfect for the purpose, exact; typical,
            characteristic of

            The shape of the T-square, a device used
            in technical drawing, has led some authorities
            to associate this instrument with
            the phrase. The origin does not lie here,
            however, since the expression has been
            in common use since the late seventeenth
            century, some time before the T-square
            was invented. Instead, T is thought to
            stand for a 'tittle', a minute and precisely
            positioned penstroke or printer's mark.
            A tiny brush stroke, for instance, was all
            that distinguished the two otherwise
            identical Hebrew letters 'dalet' and
            'resh', and 'tittle' was the word chosen
            by Wycliffe to translate references to this
            minuscule difference in his version of the
            New Testament. Thus something which
            suits to a T is as perfect and exact to its
            purpose as the scribe's tittle.

            That's him to a 'T' - like a navvy! He's

            not fit for mixing with decent folk.
            D. H. LAWRENCE, Sons and Lovers, 1913.

            Doug and Grace - they would suit each

            other to a T.
            FRANK YERBY, The Serpent and the Staff, 1959.

            usage: Informal. Often found as done to
            a T and fo suit to a T.

            toe the line, to

            to submit to authority, regulations, etc.

                evince -p 198 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/en-idiomdict2.pdf &

            The phrase comes from running where
            every competitor in a race is expected to
            submit to the rules and put his toe on the
            starting line with everyone else.

            The Queen's toed the line 25 years ago and
            formed a larger regiment. Since then it has
            lost one regular and two TA battalions.
            MID SUSSEX TIMES, August 16, 1991.

            Foreign Secretary Douglas Hurd helped
            pile pressure on rebels to toe the line by
            writing to every Conservative MP insisting

            Britain's place was at the 'heart' of the EC.
            DAILY MAIL, November 20, 1991.

            usage: To toe the mark is an alternative
            form, now less common. Interestingly,
            Partridge (1940) reverses the frequency
            of the expressions, claiming fo toe the
            mark is the more common, and a cliché.

            top: over the top

            excessive, too much

            The term originated in the trench warfare
            of the First World War. To mount an
            attack, soldiers had to climb out over the
            trench's protective wall of sandbags and
            charge into no-man's-land, the territory
            between allied and enemy positions.
            The full phrase originally was Over the
            top and the best o' luck, uttered to fellow
            soldiers just about to risk death. Because
            of the immensely high casualty rates and
            near certainty of death or injury, luck
            seemed irrelevant, so the second part was
            quickly dropped.

            Since then, the meaning and context of
            use have broadened enormously. Anything
            excessive can now be described as
            over the top: a fashion, a remark,
            behaviour. It caught on in the entertainment
            world, where it described performances
            or material which were pushing the
            limits of accepted good taste. To exploit
            this meaning, and thereby gain an audience,
            a 1982 television series took the title
            O.T.T. What would Tommy Atkins make
            of that?

            *topsy+ 191

            Does retirement always have to be this well
            planned? Weren't John and Evelyn going
            a little over the top, and being negative in

            anticipating future problems?
            CARE MAGAZINE, Autumn, 1991.

            Appearance Very good, except that it was
            a bit over-the-top with the pepperoni about
            35 slices in all. It looked a lot better

            once some of the slices had been removed.
            TODAY, October 2, 1991.

            It was like the best and worst qualities of
            his films, beautifully put together but

            rather over the top.
            GUARDIAN, October 4, 1991.

            usage: It is currently rather fashionable
            to say condescendingly that something is
            OTT. You are clearly in with the incrowd
            to recognise the initials.

            Topsy: like Topsy, it just growed

            it has come out of nowhere and
            developed without encouragement

            Topsy was a little slave girl in the book
            Uncle Tom's Cabin (1852) by Harriet
            Beecher Stowe. When Aunt Ophelia asks
            Topsy about her family, the child denies
            that she has one or that she was ever even
            born. 'I spect I grow'd. Don't think
            nobody ever made me,' she says.

            . .. the idea of Notes and Queries was
            not an inspiration, but rather a development.
            It didn't spring, like Minerva in full
            192 + touch wood +

            panoply, from the brain of its progenitor,
            but, like Topsy, it 'growed'.

            NOTES AND QUERIES, Vol. 1 No. i, 1850s.

                evince -p 199 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/en-idiomdict2.pdf &

            Like Topsy the Princess Royal's visit to
            Mid Sussex today has just grown and
            grown. So much so that the district has

            never known a red-carpet day like it.
            MID SUSSEX TIMES, September 13, 1991.

            The trouble with the society is that it has

            grown like Topsy.
            GUARDIAN, October 4, 1991.

            usage: There is a tendency to make
            growed into grew but the original still
            exercises a strong influence.

            touch wood

            words spoken by someone to avoid bad
            luck and be blessed with good luck

            The words touch wood, by which the
            speaker hopes to stave off a reversal of
            present good fortune, are almost always
            accompanied by rapping on something
            wooden. Winston Churchill, probably
            tongue in cheek, said that he rarely liked
            'to be any considerable distance from a
            piece of wood'. Several theories are put
            forward for the practice.

            In the ancient times of the druids it was
            believed that good spirits lived within the
            trees. People seeking particular help
            would rap on the tree to implore the
            spirit's aid or protection.

            They'd knock on a tree and would
            timidly say
            To the Spirit who might be within there
            that day;
            Fairy fair, Fairy fair, wish thou me
            well;
            'Gainst evil witcheries weave me a
            spell!

            (Nora Archibald Smith, 1900)
            Some authorities suggest that the
            expression is not pagan but of Christian
            origin and that the wood to be touched
            was originally that of the rosary or
            crucifix.

            Finally, there is a children's game
            Touch-wood in which one child chases the
            others who are safe only when touching
            wood. Touch-iron is a well-known alternative
            but this has not entered the language
            and perhaps makes the theory of
            Touch-wood the least likely of the three.

            Touch wood, I've managed to steer clear

            of controversy so far.
            MID SUSSEX TIMES, September 6, 1991.

            Graham Seymour is a successful plumber,
            untroubled 'touch wood' by the recession,
            with enough work to keep three vans and
            half a dozen people on the go every day

            of the week.
            BT BUSINESS NEWS, Spring, 1992.

            usage: An American variant is to knock
            on wood.

            trim one's sails, to

            to restrain one's activities in line with present
            circumstances

            The full expression is to trim one's sails
            before the wind, but the shorter to trim
            one's sails is now more commonly heard.
            The term is obviously nautical, referring
            to sailing ships and alludes to the setting
            of the sails according to the strength of
            the wind. Sails would be reefed when the
            wind was strong and let out in gentler
            conditions. In the same way someone
            who metaphorically «rims his sails
            restricts his activities or expectations
            according to prevailing circumstance.

                evince -p 200 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/en-idiomdict2.pdf &

            The Cecils were seriously alarmed, and
            Burghley, trimming his sails to the changing
            wind, thought it advisable, at the next
            Council, to take the side of Essex in the

            matter of the Spanish ransoms.
            LYTTON STRACHEY, Elizabeth and Essex, 1928.

            It's been more a question of trimming our

            sails because our overheads have grown.
            GUARDIAN, October 4, 1991.

            trip the light fantastic, to

            to dance

            This comes from John Milton's L'Allegro
            (1632). The relevant lines read:

            Haste thee Nymph and bring with thee
            Jest and youthful Jollity . . .

            Sport that wrinkled Care derides,
            And Laughter holding both his sides.
            Come, and trip it as ye go

            On the light fantastick toe.

            The expression was not extracted from
            Milton's verse in the seventeenth century,
            however, but was picked out in the late
            nineteenth century, possibly in America,
            and popularised from there.

            Somerset Maugham used the full
            expression correctly in Cakes and Ale
            (1930) when he wrote: 'The muse does
            not only stalk with majestic tread, but on
            occasion trips on a light fantastic toe.'
            Present-day use mostly confines itself to
            to trip the light fantastic, which has
            become a humorous cliché for 'to dance'.

            He was a telephone man who fell in love
            with long distances; he gave up his job
            with the telephone company and skipped

            the light fantastic out of town. . .
            TENNESSEE WILLIAMS, The Glass Menagerie,
            1944,
            *trumps+ 193

            'I thought you'd all be on the floor by now.
            Now, Mr Gore-Urquhart; I'm not going
            to permit any more of this skulking about
            in here. It's the light fantastic for you;

            come along.'
            KINGSLEY AMIS, Lucky Jim, 1954.

            usage: jocular

            trumps: to come/turn up trumps

            unexpectedly to produce just what is
            needed at the last moment

            A number of card games are played with
            trump cards in the deck. Trump is an
            anglicised version of the French triomphe
            meaning 'triumph' and a trump is a
            valuable card to hold. The allusion in this
            expression is to someone with a mediocre
            hand unexpectedly turning up a trump
            card and finding his bad luck suddenly
            reversed.

            Send your cv to all relevant organisations
            with a covering letter explaining circumstances
            and previous salary. The response
            may not be overwhelming, but they can

            come up trumps.
            GOOD HOUSEKEEPING, September 1991.

            The French police inspector, like his English
            counterparts, is not happy at the
            Moons' involvement but as always it's
            young Trevor who turns up trumps while

            Gladys fiddles with the Tarot cards.
            WEEKEND TELEGRAPH, January 18, 1992.

            'The fact that we drew was down to Chris
            Woods. He had more to do than in any
            other game for me and came up trumps.
            Had it been Peter Shilton out there he

            would have got rave reviews.'
            SUN, May 18, 1991.

            usage: informal
            194 - two-faced «

                evince -p 201 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/en-idiomdict2.pdf &

            two-faced

            hypocritical, saying one thing and meaning
            another

            Two faces under one hood was the original
            expression of duplicity. It was in use
            in this form from the end of the fourteenth
            until well into the nineteenth century.
            The earliest record.is from the
            Romaunt of the Rose, written around
            1400: 'Two hedes in one hood at ones.'
            A late example comes in the form of a
            rhyming couplet in Bohn's Handbook of
            Proverbs (1855):

            May the man be damned and never
            grow fat,
            Who wears two faces under one hat.

            Present day usage has shortened the
            phrase to two-faced.
            See Janus-faced.

            Every player must, if he is to survive,
            become some kind of professional cheat,
            or hustler. Success is always with the twofaced:
            and one can no more enter the game
            innocently (though Dan did his best) than

            a house with BORDELLO in neon lights.
            COBUILD CORPUS.

            In the very bank Jefferson is publicly
            accusing of being a menace to the republic!
            Oh, he is as two-faced as Janus! Do you
            know why he is so eager for a war in
            Europe? Because it will increase the price

            of wheat.
            COBUILD CORPUS.

            usage: derogatory

            ugly duckling, an

            a gauche, awkward child who blossoms
            into beauty
            The term refers to one of Hans Andersen's
            tales in which a swan's egg is mistakenly
            hatched by a duck, who cannot
            understand how she could have produced
            such an ungainly child so different from
            the rest of her brood. The cygnet, scorned
            for its dull feathers and its clumsiness,
            hides away in shame all winter, but then
            emerges from the reeds as a beautiful
            swan.

            In the 1950s Danny Kaye had a hit song
            'The Ugly Duckling', telling Andersen's
            story to a new generation.

            Born in Madrid, he had grown up in a
            Boston family, a strange, alien, lonely
            child, a duckling, far'from ugly, in whom

            perceptive eyes foresaw the swan.
            V. W. BROOKS, New England: Indian Summer, 1940.

            The Oliviers were rather puzzled that the
            ugly duckling they had known all their
            lives was being taken by so many people
            for a cygnet.

            DAVID GARNETT. The Flowers of the Forest, 1955.
            I used to spend hours looking through
            magazines and wishing I was beautiful.
            But I never thought I could do it. I thought

            I would be an ugly duckling for life.
            SUN, August 13, 1991.

            umbrage: to take umbrage

            to take offence

            Umbrage has a Latin root umbra meaning
            'shade'. The word was specifically used in
            English to describe the shade given by a
            screen of trees, then figuratively to mean
            'the shadow of doubt or suspicion'. It
            remains with us today chiefly in the
            expression to take umbrage, meaning that
            a person feels overshadowed by another,
            giving rise to offence and resentment. No
            one likes to live in another's shadow.

                evince -p 202 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/en-idiomdict2.pdf &

            Umbrella shares the same Latin root.
            Originally umbrellas were used only as
            shade from the sun. Jonas Hanway is said
            to have introduced the umbrella as protection
            against the rain in about 1760, but
            its use in wet weather must have been
            recognised long before then, for Swift
            wrote in 1710:

            The tucked-up sempstress walks with
            hasty strides,

            While streams run down her oiled
            umbrella's sides.

            Perhaps Hanway's contribution was to
            make the umbrella acceptable higher in
            society, for there is historical evidence
            that hackney-coachmen and _sedanchairmen
            took umbrage over this threat
            to their monopoly in protecting the
            moneyed from the elements.

            Product comparisons in marketing
            materials are hardly unusual these days,
            but SYSTAT took umbrage. It reacted by
            preparing a 25-page booklet detailing its
            objections to StatSoft's literature and then
            sending it to the august American Statistical
            Association.

            MACUSER, May 1, 1992.

            I was trying to be funny, to lighten the odd
            five minutes for you, describing my batty
            behaviour with bargains, my compulsion
            to waste whatever money comes my way.
            Not surprisingly, in a time of fierce
            recession, a lot of you took umbrage.
            Your five minutes were not lightened, but

            darkened with rage.
            GOOD HOUSEKEEPING, May 1992.

            usage: Once somewhat formal, now standard.
            Regularly followed by the preposition
            at or, less commonly, over.
            wall» 195

            wagon: on the wagon

            teetotal, not drinking alcohol

            Water carts and wagons have been transporting
            water or sprinkling the streets
            since at least 1700. A person in the US
            who had given up strong drink was described
            in a colourful metaphor as needing
            to be on the water wagon (that is,
            drinking the copious quantities of water
            available there, not alcohol). The expression
            has been in use at least throughout
            the twentieth century.

            Monty didn't drink, and Clifton James

            went on the wagon for the Empire.
            THIS WEEK MAGAZINE, December 21, 1946.

            usage: There is a good deal of flexibility
            in the use of the phrase. Doctors can put
            someone on the wagon. In a moment of
            weakness, non-drinkers can fall off the
            wagon. And so on.

            The commoner contemporary US form
            and only current British one is on the
            wagon. Waggon is a more traditional
            British spelling.

            see also: climb on the bandwagon, sign
            the pledge

            wall: to drive someone to the wall

            to force someone isto a hopeless situation
            by circumstances

            See to go to the wall

            That indeede .. . shall driue him to the
            wall. And further than the wall he can not
            go.

            THOMAS HEYWOOD, Proverbs, 1546.
            196 - wall 
                evince -p 203 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/en-idiomdict2.pdf &

            Barry, pushed to the wall, realized that
            unless Field were silenced everything

            would be lost. He planned the murder.
            ELLERY QUEEN, The Roman Hat Mystery, 1929

            He set his grandmother up in the agency
            business and then turned around and

            drove her to the wall in a month's time.
            ERSKINE CALDWELL, Love and Money, 1954.

            wall: to go to the wall

            to suffer failure, ruin

            Four hundred years ago streets were narrow
            and unlit and invited crime. The
            innocent passer-by was in danger of being
            set upon by thieves. Once he had gone to
            the wall, that is once he had been cornered
            with his back to the wall in some dark
            alley, the victim knew he had no escape.
            Alternatively, some medieval chapels
            (such as the one in Dover Castle) provided
            stone seats around the walls for
            those who were ailing. Everyone else was
            required to stand. Hence, it is suggested,
            the old saying The weak shall go to the
            wall. Whichever explanation is correct,
            this expression has been in figurative use
            since the sixteenth century.

            Other expressions share the same
            origins. To have one's back to the wall,
            means 'to be in extreme difficulty and
            have no way out'. Sir Thomas More, finding
            himself in grave difficulty, wrote: '/
            am in this matter euen at the harde walle,
            and se not how to go further' (Works,
            1528). To be driven to the wall means 'to
            be forced into a hopeless situation by
            circumstances'.

            . . . following the rules of capitalism, the
            inefficient will go to the wall and the effi
            cient will reap their due reward.
            BENEFITS AND COMPENSATION _INTERNATIONAL
            MAGAZINE, September 1991.
            Already the For Sale signs have started
            going up on guest houses and bed and
            breakfasts, while the receivers are running
            hotels that have gone to the wall. Rumours
            of who will be the next to go are rife up and

            down the coast.
            OBSERVER, July 5, 1992.

            wall: to have one's back to the
            wall

            to be in a hopeless situation from which
            there is no escape

            See to go to the wall

            I'm in the position of a man with his back
            to the wall. I'm fighting for my life. Naturally,
            I'm going to fight. But you and I
            needn't be the worse friends for that. We

            may become the best of friends yet.
            THEODORE DREISER, The Titan, 1914.

            As for the dances and the fetish worship,
            the missionaries have not the power to stop
            them if they wished to; Christianity here

            has its back to the wall.
            GRAHAME GREENE, Journey without Maps, 1936.

            warpath: on the warpath

            preparing to fight; in aggressive or vengeful
            mood

            This expression originated among the
            North American Indians and described
            the route taken by a warlike tribe on its
            way to confront its enemy. Used figuratively
            the phrase applies to anyone spoiling
            for a fight or a show-down.
            The veteran brave has come out of his tent
            and is in full cry. The Tories have come
            through their difficult rite of passage and

            are back on the warpath.
            DAILY MAIL, October 11, 1991.

            usage: informal

                evince -p 204 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/en-idiomdict2.pdf &

            warts and all

            making no attempt to hide defects

            It was, and still is, the task of portrait
            painters of the rich and powerful to soften
            craggy features and paint their subjects
            in a kind light. Oliver Cromwell, good
            Puritan that he was, would have none of
            this. His order to Sir Peter Lely was: 'J
            desire you would use all your skill to paint
            my picture truly like me, and not flatter me
            at all; but remark all these roughnesses,
            pimples, warts, and everything as you see
            me, otherwise I will never pay a farthing
            for it.' Those who know the painting will
            judge that Cromwell must have been
            pleased with the result.

            But despite such hiccups, As It Happens
            built up a following who liked the warts
            and-all approach.
            OBSERVER, July 28, 1991.

            The country watched as . . . the Conservative
            Party turned on their leader, Margaret
            Thatcher. This week, the fascinating
            drama documentary The Final Days
            recounts the story behind the furore 
            warts and all.
            WHAT'S ON TV, September 1991.

            All good travel agents should have copies
            of the ABC Agents' Gazeteers for 1992
            which you can ask to consult. These
            manuals contain descriptions of more than
            13,000 hotels, apartments and resorts in
            the Mediterranean, the USA and Euro*
            Waterloo- 197

            pean cities. Researched by the publishers'
            local agents, the write-ups give warts-andall
            descriptions of the property itself and
            its location.

            SUNDAY TELEGRAPH, May 24, 1992.

            usage: Used adijectivally immediately
            before a noun, it is often hyphenated.

            Waterloo: to meet one's Waterloo

            to suffer defeat after realising some
            success

            The expression refers to the final and
            overwhelming defeat of Napoleon by the
            allied forces at Waterloo, Belgium, on
            June 18, 1815. The town of that name
            is just ten miles south of Brussels. The
            aftermath of the battle saw Napoleon's
            abdication and his captivity on the island
            of St Helena until his death in 1821.

            An article in Good Housekeeping (May
            1991) shows how the 'little Corsican' may
            meet his Waterloo for the second time:
            what has been suggested is a direct TGV
            link between Paris and London when the
            Channel Tunnel is finally opened. This,
            of course, will need to be given a suitably
            French and heroic title, and the preferred
            name at the moment is the Napoleon
            Line. However, someone in the railway
            bureaucracy, showing a rare sense of
            humour, has made a further suggestion
            about where the high-speed Napoleon
            should finish its journey. Where else but
            Waterloo?

            The idiom emphasises total defeat,
            with no mention of the victory of the
            British. Perhaps their commander, the
            Duke of Wellington, can take comfort in
            being idiomatically overlooked since he
            found linguistic fame elsewhere as the
            origin for the wellington boot!
            198 + wheat +

                evince -p 205 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/en-idiomdict2.pdf &

            In the opinion of editors Mortimer Ellis
            had obviously been a news item of value.
            The cutting was headed, Contemptible

            Scoundrel meets his Waterloo.
            W. SOMERSET MAUGHAM, First Person Singular,
            'The Round Dozen', 1931.

            wheat: to separate the wheat from
            the chaff

            to separate the good from the bad, the
            valuable from the worthless

            The expression refers to the farming practice
            of threshing corn in order to separate
            the worthless husks from the good grain.
            Someone who, figuratively speaking, separates
            the wheat from the chaff identifies
            what is worthwhile in an undertaking and
            discards that which is a waste of time.

            A similar allusion is used in the Bible.
            This time the wheat refers to those who
            belong to Christ and are judged worthy
            and the chaff to those who have rejected
            him and have no place in his kingdom.
            Luke 3:17 reads: 'His winnowing fork is
            in his hand to clear his threshing-floor and
            to gather the wheat into his barn, but he
            will burn up the chaff with unquenchable
            fire.'

            The entry fo separate the sheep from the
            goats discusses another biblical analogy
            which conveys the same spiritual message
            but is also widely used in secular contexts
            to describe the separating of something
            good from something bad.

            So MI6 wheeled on Doug and Dave to do
            their stuff, confusing the public so that
            they couldn't distinguish the wheat from

            the chaff.
            MID SUSSEX TIMES, September 27, 1991.
            But, on health and safety particularly, it's
            the job of governments and not individuals
            to sort the research wheat from the chaff

            to protect our wellbeing.
            GOOD HOUSEKEEPING, September 1991.

            usage: literary

            see also: to separate the sheep from the
            goats

            wheeler-dealer, a

            an entrepreneur, usually dishonest

            Someone who frequents casinos or
            saloons wheels and deals there, at roulette
            and cards, constantly chancing his luck
            and skill and perhaps his ability to cheat.
            From the original context the application
            is now more commonly to the businessman
            who likes to make deals and live by
            his entrepreneurial acumen. The suggestion
            is often that the schemes he dreams
            up are of dubious honesty.

            The policy is being marketed after some
            last-minute suggestions by Dr Penny
            O'Nions, a former hospital doctor who
            gave up medicine to become a financial
            adviser, a career change that broke a long
            family tradition.

            She says: 'The family was done out of a
            lot of money by a financial wheeler-dealer
            and I thought it would be nice if one of us

            knew something about money.'
            THE SUNDAY TIMES, August 11, 1991.

            usage: Often derogatory, but not always
            so. Colloquial.

                evince -p 206 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/en-idiomdict2.pdf &

            whipping boy, a

            one who suffers the punishment for the
            wrong done by another, a scapegoat

            A whipping boy was an unfortunate child
            who shared the rich benefits of the nursery
            and schoolroom with a young prince
            but who was beaten in his royal companion's
            place whenever the latter misbehaved.
            Edward VI's punishments fell
            upon Barnaby Fitzpatrick and Mungo
            Murray suffered for Charles I. Presumably
            it was considered inappropriate for
            a servant or tutor to punish a child from
            a family who ruled by divine right. However,
            not all princes were so fortunate.
            George Buchanan was the Latin master
            of James I. He punished his royal charge,
            despite the presence of a whipping boy,
            and threatened to repeat it if he carried
            on being lazy.

            The practice was international. King
            Henry IV of France, on his adult conversion
            to Catholicism, sent two ambassadors
            to the Pope in 1593, where they were
            symbolically whipped to atone for his previous
            Protestantism. Their reward was to
            be made cardinals shortly afterwards!

            The allusion has survived the practice
            for, although royal children now have to
            bear the consequences of their misdeeds
            themselves, we still call someone who
            suffers for someone else's bad behaviour
            a whipping boy.

            [Life in] modern cities is more stressful
            than life on the brink of starvation in the
            developing nations. Pollution is another
            popular whipping boy, scapegoat for

            almost any national ill in the post-war era.
            COBUILD CORPUS.
            + whited sepulchre» 199

            The Financial Times says in its special
            article that Libya has been bugbear and
            whipping boy for the Americans ever since

            the Reagan administration was elected.
            COBUILD CORPUS, BBC World Service, 1989.

            white elephant, a

            an unwanted object, especially something
            cumbersome

            The devious kings of Siam invented an
            ingenious way of ridding themselves of
            any courtier who irked them. They would
            present the hapless fellow with a white
            elephant, a rare and sacred beast. The
            cost of maintaining the creature, which
            was not permitted to earn its keep as a
            working animal, was excessive and gradually
            ruined its new owner.

            A white elephant has taken on much
            more diminutive proportions in modern
            use, where the reference is often to
            unwanted items, encumbering bric-abrac.
            These are sold off at the white elephant
            stall at the local church bazaar or
            school fete.

            When we got rid of the white elephant of
            a house in Lexham Gardens my mother
            took her six sons, three daughters, a cook,
            a parlour-maid, and a housemaid to a

            house in Colinette Road, Putney.
            LEONARD WOOLF, Sowing, 1960.

            I found no dark horses here, only white

            elephants for recycling.
            DAILY EXPRESS, August 29, 1991.

            whited sepulchre, a

            a hypocrite, something outwardly presentable
            but inwardly corrupt
            200 « wicket +

                evince -p 207 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/en-idiomdict2.pdf &

            This is a biblical expression and comes
            from the words Jesus uses in Matthew
            23:27 when he condemns the scribes and
            Pharisees for being outwardly orthodox
            and beyond reproach but inwardly corrupt,
            full of self-indulgence and greed:
            'Ye are like unto whited sepulchres, which
            indeed appear beautiful outward, but are
            full of dead men's bones, and of all
            uncleanness' (Authorised Version).

            In biblical times, contact with dead
            bodies or tombs was considered ritually
            unclean, so Jewish sepulchres were whitewashed
            to make them clearly visible to
            any passer-by who feared defilement. It
            seems unlikely, however, that Jesus
            would call such tombs beautiful since
            attractiveness was not the reason for the
            whitewashing. It is more likely that he
            was referring to the ornamental plasterwork
            which adorned the sepulchres of the
            rich.

            The same with love. This white love that
            we have is the same. It is only the reverse,
            the whited sepulchre of the true love. True
            love is dark, a throbbing together in darkness,
            like the wild-cat in the night, when
            the green screen opens and her eyes are on

            the darkness.
            D. H. LAWRENCE, 'The Ladybird'.

            So that I consider myself a better woman
            than you are. Oh yes! I know you don't
            stand alone. I know there are plenty like
            you in the best society - whited sepulchres,
            fair without, and rottenness and dead

            men's bones within.
            FLORENCE MARRYAT.

            usage: literary
            wicket: to bat on a sticky wicket

            to be faced with a difficult situation
            requiring tact and diplomacy to resolve
            it

            The term is from cricket and alludes to
            the problems faced by a batsman when
            performing on a wicket that has been
            saturated by rain. The fearsome West
            Indians fell prey to the difficulties of a
            sticky wicket in 1935: 'A Test at Kensington
            is akin to entering the lion's den, West
            Indies having a remarkable record here.
            They have won every one of the last 10
            Tests on the ground, having lost only once
            - to England by four wickets in 1935 on a
            “sticky” pitch.' (Daily Telegraph, April
            18, 1992). These days the covers are put
            on overnight and come out again at the
            first sign of a shower so the problem
            scarcely arises, for professional cricketers
            at any rate.

            No one has ever doubted the Health Secretary's
            class, elegance, style and culture.
            What has been suspect is his defensive solidity
            and technique on a sticky wicket, his
            judgement on which balls to leave alone
            rather than wafting them airily into the
            slips.

            DAILY MAIL, October 11, 1991.

            Yesterday the doubters were silenced by a
            performance on a very sticky wicket which

            was solid, thorough and resolute.
            DAILY MAIL, October 11, 1991.

            wild goose chase, a

            a purposeless errand, a pointless exercise,
            a waste of time

            The phrase can be traced back to the sixteenth
            century. Its meaning is obscure,
            although distinguished ornithologists
            oeee5uscoeneeeekeg#egeeskekeeseetereeeeeeeee#e#e#e#e#eeee#see#e# es © se ee ®# @ ®& © ®@ © @ © @©& © @ © @ @

                evince -p 208 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/en-idiomdict2.pdf &

            It's not cricket!

            The vocabulary of general English is enlarged, even enriched, by the assimilation
            of words from the jargon, slang, cant or argot of subcultures in society. The special
            lexicons of business, the military, jazz musicians and thieves amongst many others
            have contributed words and phrases that are used far beyond their original confines,
            often with a somewhat different meaning. It would be surprising, then, if that very
            English game of cricket hadn't provided English speakers in general, and not just
            cricketers, with quite a few interesting idioms.

            For instance, the wicket is the central part of the playing area in the middle of
            the ground where all the action is. In ordinary informal British English to be or to
            bat on a sticky wicket means 'to be in a difficult situation'. The entry for this term
            has examples of its narrower and general meanings.

            The quickest way to score runs in cricket is to hit the ball up in the air and right
            out of the playing area. For that, you get six runs, you hit the ball for six. In general
            English, however, the expression is used with a different meaning. You might hear,
            for instance:

            My wife's death hit me for six, it took me months to recover.
            The news knocked me for six, I just didn't believe it.

            The sense here is that the event or happening overwhelmed me, shattered me,
            dealt me as severe a blow as the batsman hitting the ball over the boundary.

            There are quite a few more idioms from cricket: off one's own bat, for instance,
            which means 'on one's own, independently, without help or assistance'. Then
            there's that lovely phrase /t's not cricket, 'it's not fair, honest and honourable',
            that's so often said slightly humorously or satirically, as perhaps A. A. Milne meant
            in this extract from Year in, Year out (1952):

            Had Mr Mullins lit a cigarette, the ladies would have swooned and the men
            muttered that it wasn't cricket. 'Parkinson,' the Host would have said, 'remove
            Mr Mullins.'

            201

            “eeeeeeteteete*e*eee#etekeee#e*e*«#ee#ee#*eee#e#e#e#e##### # # #@# # @# @#@# @# @# @# @#@# @# @#@& @# @ © # © © © @ @

            have testified to the erratic movements of
            wild geese which, apparently, make them
            extremely difficult to catch.

            The OED's suggested origin is a game
            from the Middle Ages, mentioned at
            some length in Shakespeare's Romeo and
            Juliet (Act II Scene iv). The game opened
            with a race on horseback, the winner
            earning the right to lead the rest, who
            then followed on at measured distances,
            over a totally unpredictable course. The

            winding path and the intervals between
            the players were said to imitate the flight
            of wild geese. We do not know how the
            game ended, but that is the nature of a
            wild goose chase - fatigue eventually
            makes one call a halt.

            My mind now began to misgive me that
            the disappointed coachmaker had sent me

            on a wild-goose errand.
            CHARLES DICKENS, The Uncommercial Traveller,
            1868.
            202 _~—- willies +

                evince -p 209 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/en-idiomdict2.pdf &

            I advertise for antique footstools. There
            are four replies and four wild goose

            chases, the last one on a hilltop farm.
            WEEKEND TELEGRAPH, May 9, 1992.

            willies: to give someone the willies

            to arouse nervousness, uneasiness, fear in
            someone

            The origins of the phrase are shadowy
            but, although the OED says it dates back
            to the nineteenth century, it is possible to
            make a reasonable case for much earlier
            origins. It has been suggested that the
            word comes from 'willow tree', of which
            the word willy is an old form. The willow
            has long been a symbol of grief and
            mourning, and there are many references
            to it in English literature. The saying 'She
            is in her willows...' was used of a
            woman who had lost her lover or spouse.
            More than one authority has pointed out
            that Giselle, the heroine of the nineteenth-century
            ballet of that name, is possessed
            by the Wilis, or spirits of beautiful
            young girls who have died before their
            wedding day and who dance to express
            their anger at death.

            The current sense is not one of grief
            but of apprehension or nervousness.

            One pregnant lady, about to deliver, went
            to her pit latrine to relieve herself, and the
            baby started coming out. It was a near
            catastrophe; just thinking about it gave me

            the willies.
            THOMAS HALE, On the Far Side of Liglig Mountain,
            1989.

            Sir Gordon Borrie, outgoing directorgeneral
            of Fair Trading, is not free of red
            tape yet. Borrie's final report to his 13th
            and last boss, Michael Heseltine, was
            initially addressed to the Trade and Industry
            Secretary. This was hurriedly changed
            to President of the Board of Trade. . .

            which is where the lawyers come in. They
            say the legislation governing the operations
            of the Office of Fair Trading
            specifically mentioned the Secretary of
            State for Trade and Industry, and that is
            how Heseltine is described in the final
            report, published yesterday. A Fair Trader
            sums it up: 'Our production people have

            had the willies.'
            DAILY TELEGRAPH, June 4, 1992.

            usage: colloquial

            willy-nilly

            whether one likes it or not

            The term is a contraction of the words
            will I, nill I (similarly will he, nill he; will
            ye, nill ye) and means that the business
            will take place whether it is with the will
            of the person concerned or against it.

            A similar expression is shilly-shally.

            An imprudent marriage is a different
            thing, for then the consequences are inevitable
            when once the step has been taken,

            and have to be borne, will he, nill he.
            MRS OLIPHANT, c1870.

            usage: Usually written as two words,
            though may still be hyphenated.
            Informal.

            see also: shilly-shally

            win hands down, to
            to gain a resounding victory
            The phrase is from the world of racing.

            When a jockey feels assured of certain
            victory, he stops whipping and forcing his
            horse on, and relaxes, dropping his hands
            and allowing his mount to run on past the
            winning post.

                evince -p 210 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/en-idiomdict2.pdf &

            Men always approve of dowdy women but
            when it comes to brass tacks the
            dressed-up trollops win hands down!

            Sad, but there it is.
            AGATHA CHRISTIE, Murder in the Mews, 1925.

            There was nothing that you could really
            call a war between his higher and lower

            selves. The lower self won hands down.
            P. G. WODEHOUSE, Mulliner Nights, 'Cats Will Be
            Cats', 1933.

            usage: informal

            wing: to take someone under
            one's wing

            to provide someone with help, encouragement,
            protection

            In a passage to be found in Matthew
            23:37, Jesus laments over Jerusalem
            declaring how, like a mother hen who
            spreads her wings wide so that her brood
            can creep safely beneath them, he had
            longed to offer its people protection but
            they turned away.

            O Jerusalem, Jerusalem, thou that killest
            the prophets, and stonest them
            which are sent unto thee, how often
            would I have gathered thy children
            together, even as a hen gatherest her
            chickens under her wings, and ye
            would not!

            Psalm 63:7 carries the same idea:
            “Because thou hast been my help, therefore
            in the shadow of thy wings will I rejoice.'

            .eference to the wings of protection
            have been used in English literature since
            the thirteenth century.
            + wolf in sheep's clothing» 203

            He took Gordon under his wing in a
            friendly way, showed him the ropes and
            was even ready to listen to his suggestion.
            GEORGE ORWELL, Keep the Aspidistra Flying,
            1936.

            They had met through Labour Party
            activities, when Mor had been teaching in
            a school on the south side of London, and
            Mor and Nan had to some extent taken
            Tim, who was a bachelor, under their
            wing.

            IRIS MURDOCH, The Sandcastle, 1957.

            usage: Wing might occasionally be found
            in the plural

            wolf in sheep's clothing, a

            someone who is not as pleasant and harmless
            as first appears

            Aesop tells a fable about a wolf who,
            wrapped in a fleece, manages to sneak
            into a sheepfold by pretending to be one
            of the flock. Once inside he falls upon the
            sheep and devours them. Our presentday
            expression, like many others, may
            have come from Aesop's cautionary tales,
            though probably its source is the Bible.
            Matthew 7:15 says: 'Beware of false
            prophets, which come to you in sheep's
            clothing, but inwardly they are ravening
            wolves.' However, such has been the
            popularity of Aesop's fables from ancient
            times until the present day that Funk
            (1950) suggests it is even quite possible
            that the fable was the origin of the biblical
            simile.

            There is the meekness of the clergyman.

            There spoke the wolf in sheep's clothing.
            HENRY FIELDING, Amelia, 1751.
            204 -wolf
                evince -p 211 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/en-idiomdict2.pdf &

            I know Andrews. He's a wolf who doesn't

            even bother to put on sheep's clothing.
            JAMES HADLEY CHASE, The Double Shuffle,
            1952.

            The 'philanthropic Mr Owen' suddenly
            appeared as a wolf in sheep's clothing; and
            his plans for the unemployed took on quite
            a new aspect when they were seen as
            merely one part of a vast and sinister
            design against the established order in both

            Church and State.
            G. D. H. COLE, Socialist Thought, 1953.

            wolf: to keep the wolf from the
            door

            to ward off hunger

            The wolf here is hunger. Since ancient
            times, the wolf has been a symbol of poverty
            and want. Fables depict the wolf as
            ravenously hungry, in desperate need of
            sustinence. The French say 'manger
            comme un loup' (to eat like a wolf) and
            the Germans have an expression 'wolfshunger'.
            In English someone who eats
            ravenously is said to 'wolf' their food.
            Keeping the wolf from the door, then,
            means to ward off gnawing hunger and
            starvation, which our ancestors in the fifteenth
            century who first used the phrase
            would have understood far better than we
            do.

            That hungry Wolf, want and necessity,

            which now stands at his door.
            JOHN GOODMAN, The Penitent Pardoned, 1679.

            It makes a lot of difference to . . . one's
            happiness if the wolf is not scratching at
            the door.

            HENRY HERMAN, His Angel, 1891.
            I take it your uncle cut off your allowance
            after that Goodwood binge and you had
            to take this tutoring job to keep the wolf

            from the door?
            P. G. WODEHOUSE, The Inimitable Jeeves, 1924.

            wool: to pull the wool over someone's
            eyes

            to deceive someone

            At one time anyone who considered himself
            a gentleman would wear a powdered
            wig. Such creations were humorously referred
            to as 'wool' because the curls
            looked rather like a fleece. The wigs
            tended to be ill-fitting and cumbersome
            and were easily pushed over the wearer's
            eyes so that he could not see what was
            going on around him. This made him an
            easy victim of theft or pranks.

            Judges wear wigs to the present day
            and some authorities suggest that the
            expression may have been used in courts
            of law when lawyers, who had succeeded
            in a skilful deception, would boast at having
            pulled the wool over the judge's eyes.

            The first thing she's going to do when she
            meets you is to try to pull the wool over
            your eyes and persuade you that he's as

            sane as I am.
            P. G. WODEHOUSE, Uncle Fred in the Springtime,
            1939,

            They are suspicious people over whose
            eyes no coloured Festival wool can poss
            ibly be pulled, the great undiddleable.
            DYLAN THOMAS, Quite Early One Morning, 'The
            Festival Exhibition, 1951", 1954.

            see also: a big wig

            writing is on the wall, the

            downfall or ruin is imminent

                evince -p 212 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/en-idiomdict2.pdf &

            In Daniel, chapter 5, the Bible tells how
            Belshazzar, King of Babylon, showed his
            contempt of the Lord by holding a great
            feast where wine was served in goblets
            taken from the temple in Jerusalem. During
            the feast a human hand appeared,
            writing on the wall. The inscription read:
            Mene, mene, tekel, parsin. The only one
            able to interpret the sign was the Jewish
            exile, Daniel, who voiced the Lord's
            anger and prophesied the downfall of Belshazzar
            and his kingdom. Just as Daniel
            had said, that very night Belshazzar was
            slain and his kingdom taken by a foreign
            power. These days the message of doom
            is likely to apply to a failing enterprise, a
            politician or a football manager.

            : Rights for animals!

            Animals often play a gruesome par
            * accounts in the entries of this book w
            ' A cat might get away with its life o
            - poke for how it got there), but a cat
            . well not escape with its life if there \
            * story of that one, see no room to s'
            * nineteenth century met a judicial de
            . dogs were by no means the only one:
            * look! Other animals have been acti
            * may give us a red herring, stag-hunt
            - bear-baiting spawned phrases such |
            : stories (page 93) for more macabre |
            + rights for animals + 205

            The writing on the wall is clear: if Man
            behaves like an animal and allows his
            population to increase while each nation
            steadily increases the complexity and
            range of its environment, nature will take
            her course and the Law of the Jungle will
            prevail.

            J. GRAY, 'The Proper Study of Mankind is Man', The
            Listener, September 3, 1959.

            Collective belt-tightening threatens to
            bring down not only Blitz but its styleconscious
            competitors. The writing has
            been on the wall for some time now. The
            style press actually started dying when
            newspapers like this one launched their

            own Style pages.
            GUARDIAN, September 2, 1991.

            t in idioms. There are a number of
            here they usually meet a grisly death.
            n its discovery in a bag (see pig in a
            in a bag in Shakespeare's time might
            vere any bowmen about. For the full
            wing a cat. Many animals up to the
            sath through no fault of their own  ;
            who could properly wear a hangdog
            vely pursued for sport: fox-hunting
            ing to keep at bay. The long-banned
            as to stave off. See Hammer horror
            idioms.

                evince -p 213 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/en-idiomdict2.pdf &

            BIBLIOC



            A select list of some books to wh

            APPERSON, George Latimer, 1929:
            English Proverbs and Proverbial Phrases

            BACCHUS and VENUS, 1737:
            A New Canting Dictionary

            BARTLETT, John, Ist edition 1855, 14th edition 1968:
            Familiar Quotations (Little, Brown Boston and
            Toronto)

            BENHAM, Sir William Gurney, Ist edition 1907,
            revised edition 1948:

            Book of Quotations, Proverbs and Household Words
            (Cassell, London)

            BERG, Paul C. 1953:
            A Dictionary of New Words in English (Allen &
            Unwin, London)

            BERRY, Lester V. and VAN DEN BARK, Melvin,
            Ist edition 1942, 2nd edition 1952:
            American Thesaurus of Slang (Crowell, New York)

            BOATNER, Maxine Tull and GATES, John Edward,
            1966:
            A Dictionary of Idioms for the Deaf

            BOMBAUGH, C. C., 1905:

            Facts and Fancies for the Curious from the Harvest
            Fields of Literature (Lippincott, Philadelphia and
            London)

            BRANDRETH, Gyles, 1990:
            Everyman's Modern Phrase and Fable (Dent,

            BREWER, Ebenezer Cobham, 1970:
            Dictionary of Phrase and Fable (Cassell, London)

            BROPHY, John and PARTRIDGE. Eric, 1931,
            revised edition 1965:
            The Long Tail ~ Soldiers' Songs and Slang 1914-1918
            (Deutsch, London)
            BURVENICH, Arthur, 1905:

            English Idioms and Colloquialisms (Thieme, Zutphen,
            Ad Herckenrath Ledeberg-Gent)

            COLLINS, Vere Henry, Ist edition 1956, 3rd edition
            1958:
            A Book of English Idioms (Longman, London)
            COLLINS, Vere Henry, 1958:
            A Second Book of English Idioms (Longman, London)

            COLLINS, Vere Henry, 1960:
            A Third Book of English Idioms (Longman, London)

            206
            sRAPHY



            ich reference has been made.

            COWIE, Anthony P. and MACKIN, Ronald, 1975:
            Oxford Dictionary of Current Idiomatic English Volume
            1 (Oxford University Press)

            COWIE, Anthony P., MACKIN, Ronald and
            McCAIG, Isobel, 1983:
            Oxford of Current Idiomatic English Volume
            2 (Oxford University Press)

            CURRAN, Peter, n.d.:
            Beware of Idioms. An audio-active course for students
            of English (Tudor-Tape Co., London)

            DIXON, James Maine, 1891:
            English Idioms (Nelson, London)

            DONALDSON, Graham and ROSS, Maris, 1990:
            The Complete Why Do We Say That? (David and
            Charles, Newton Abbot)

            EDWARDS, Eliezer 1882, revised 1911:
            Words, Facts and Phrases (Chatto & Windus,
            London)

            EWART, Neil, 1983:
            Everyday Phrases (Blandford, Poole)

            FARMER, John Stephen, 1888 and 1889:
            Americanisms - Old and New (Thomas Poulter,
            London)

            FARMER, John Stephen, 1890-1904:

            Slang and its Analogues, past and present (Thomas
            Poulter, London)

            FARMER, John Stephen and HENLEY, William
            Ernest, 1905, USA 1966:
            A Dictionary of Slang and Colloquial English (Routledge
            and Sons, London)

            FREEMAN, William, 1951-1952:
            A Concise Dictionary of English Idioms (The English
            University Press, London)

            FUNK, Charles Earle, 1950:
            A Hog on Ice and other curious expressions (Harper
            Bros, New York)

            FUNK. Charles Earle, 1950A:
            Thereby Hangs a Tale: Stories of Curious Word
            Origins (Harper Bros, New York)

            FUNK, Charles Earle, 1955:
            Heavens to Betsy! and other curious sayings (Harper
            Bros, New York)

                evince -p 214 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/en-idiomdict2.pdf &

            FUNK, Charles Earle, 1958:
            Horsefeathers and other curious words (Harper Bros,
            New York)

            FUNK, Wilfred John 1950:
            Word Origins and their Romantic Stories (Wilfred
            Funk, Inc., New York)

            GROSE, Francis, 1963:
            A Classical Dictionary of the Vulgar Tongue (Routledge
            and Kegan Paul, London)

            HARGRAVE, Basil, 1911:
            Origins and Meanings of Popular Phrases and Names
            (Werner Laurie, London)

            HENDERSON, B. L. L. and G. C. E., 1964:
            A Dictionary of English Idioms (Blackwood, London)

            HILL, Robert H., 1963:
            A Dictionary of Difficult Words (Arrow, London)

            HOLT, Alfred Hubbard, 1961:
            Phrase and Word Origins (Dover, New York)

            HOTTEN, John Camden, 1874 and 1922:
            The Slang Dictionary, etymological historical and anecdotal
            (Chatto & Windus, London)

            HYAMSON, Albert Montefiore, 1922 and 1970:
            A Dictionary of English Phrases (Routledge & Sons,
            London, E. P. Dutton & Co., New York)

            JOHNSON, Trench Henry, 1906:
            Phrases and Names; their Origins and Meanings
            (Werner Laurie, London)

            KIRKPATRICK, John, 1912 and 1914:
            Handbook of Idiomatic English (Car! Winter, Heidelberg
            and Edinburgh)

            KNOX, Thomas, 1856:

            Dictionary of Familiar Sayings and Phrases, with
            Anecdotes illustrating their Origins (Sutherland &
            Knox, Edinburgh)

            KWONG, Ki Chiu 1880:
            A Dictionary of English Phrases with Illustrative Sentences
            (Barnes & Co, New York)

            LEVITT, J. and J. 1959:
            The Spell of Words (Darwen Finlayson, Beaconsfield)

            LONGMAN, 1979:
            Longman Dictionary of English Idioms (Longman,
            Harlow)

            MACKAY C., 1887:
            Glossary of Obscure Words and Phrases in the writings
            of Shakespeare and his contemporaries, traced etymologically
            to the ancient language of the British people
            as spoken before the irruption of the Danes and Saxons
            (Sampson Low, London)

            MANSER, Martin, 1983:
            Dictionary of Contemporary Idioms (Pan, London)

            MANSER, Martin, 1990:
            Dictionary of Word and Phrase Origins (Sphere,
            London)

            MARCH, Francis Andrew and MARCH, Francis
            Andrew Jr., 1902 and 1958:

            March's Thesaurus - Dictionary (W. H. Allen,
            London)

            McMORDIE, W., 1909, 3rd edition 1954:
            English Idioms and how to use them (Oxford University
            Press)
            METHOLD, Kenneth, 1964 and 1969:
            English Idioms at Work (University of London Press)
            MORRIS, William and Mary, 1962:

            Dictionary of Word and Phrase Origins (Harper and
            Row, New York)
            + Bibliography > 207

            MOSS, Walter, 1956:
            Idioms - selected and explained (Nauck & Co.,
            Koln and Berlin)

            MURPHY, M. J., 1968:
            Test Yourself on English Idioms (University of London
            Press)

            NARES, Robert, 1822:
            Glossary of Words, Phrases, Names and Allusions,
            particularly of Shakespeare (Routledge, London)
            NEAMAN, Judith and SILVER, Carole, 1991:
            In Other Words: A Thesaurus of Euphemisms (Angus
            & Robertson, London)

            NORTHEY, James, 1985:
            My Best Togs (Salvation Army)

            NOTES AND QUERIES 1849-1935:

            for readers and writers, collectors and librarians. Editors:
                E. G. STANLEY (Oxford University Press,
            London)

            PALMER, Harold E. 1938 and 1965:
            A Grammar of English Words (Longmans, London)

            PARTRIDGE, Eric Honeywood, 1940, Sth edition
            re
            of Clichés with an Introductory Essay
            (Routledge & Kegan Paul, London)

            PARTRIDGE, Eric Honeywood, 1949, 3rd edition
            1968:

            A Dictionary of the Underworld, British and American
            (Routledge & Kegan Paul, London)

            PARTRIDGE, Eric Honeywood, 8th edition, 1984:
            A Dictionary of Slang and Unconventional English
            (Routledge & Kegan Paul, London)

            RADFORD, Edwin, 1946:
            Crowther's Encyclopaedia of Phrases and Origins (A
            John Crowther Publication, Bognor Regis)

            RADFORD, Edwin, 1946:
            Unusual Words and how they came about (Philosophical
            Library, New York)

            REES, Nigel, 1987:
            Why do we say. . . ? (Blandford Press, Parkstone)

            REES, Nigel, 1990:
            Dictionary of Popular Phrases (Bloomsbury, London)

            ROGET, P. M., 1962:
            Roget's Thesaurus (Longman, London)

            ROGET, P. M., 1963:

            Roget's International Thesaurus: The complete book
            of synonyms in British and American usage (Crowell,
            New York)

            SMITH, J. L., 1916 and 1942:
            English Phrases and Idioms

            SMITH, Henry Percy, 1883:
            Glossary of Terms and Phrases (Kegan Paul, London)

            SMITH, William George, 1948:
            The Oxford Dictionary of English Proverbs (Clarendon
            Press, Oxford)

            STEVENSON, Burton Egbert, 1949:
            Book of Proverbs, Maxims and Familiar Phrases
            (Routledge and Kegan Paul, London)

            SUTCLIFFE, Herbert and BERMAN, Harold, 1978:
            Words and their Stories (Voice of America)

            VANONI, Marvin, 1989:
            Great Expressions (Grafton, London)
            VIZETELLY, Francis Horace and de BEKKER,

            Leander Jan, 1923 and 1970:
            A Desk-Book of Idioms and Idiomatic Phrases in English
            Speech and Literature (Funk & Wagnalls, New
            York and London)

                evince -p 215 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/en-idiomdict2.pdf &

            WALL, C., 1969:
            Words and Phrases Index (The Pierian Press, Ann
            Arbor, Michigan)

            WALSH, William Shepard, 1892:
            Handy Book of Literary Curiosities (Lippincott, Philadelphia)

            WEEKLEY, Ernest, 1927:
            More Words Ancient and Modern (Murray, London)

            WEEKLEY, Emest, 1926 and 1946:
            Words Ancient and Modern (Murray, London)

            WENTWORTH, Harold and FLEXNER, Stuart
            Berg. 1960:
            Dictionary of American Slang (Harrap, London)
            WHEELER, William Adolphus, 1882:
            Familiar Allusions: A hand-book of Miscellaneous
            Information (Osgood, Boston)

            WHITEHEAD J. S., 1937:
            Everyday English Phrases. Their Idiomatic meanings
            and origins (Longman, London)

            IN.

            aback, to be taken aback 1
            about, to bandy something about 14
            above board 1
            according

            to Cocker 105

            to Gunter 105

            to Hoyle 105
            Achilles', an Achilles* hee! 2
            acid, the acid test 2
            act, to read the riot act 154
            actor, a ham actor 98
            Adam's

            ale 2

            apple 2
            add, to add insult to injury 3
            ale, Adam's ale 2
            alive and kicking 3
            all, warts and all 197
            amuck, to run amuck 4
            angel, to write like an angel 4
            angels, on the side of the angels 4
            apple
            Adam's apple 2

            apple of discord 5

            apple of one's cye, the 5
            apple-pie

            apple-pie bed 8

            in apple-pie order 8
            approval, seal of approval 8
            ashes, to wear sackcloth and ashes 162
            Atlantic, the Blue Riband of the Atlantic 109
            auction, a Dutch auction 76
            augur well/ill for, to 9
            auspices, under the auspices of 9
            AWOL, to go AWOL 9
            WHITFORD, Harold C. and Dixson, Robert J., 1953:
            Handbook of American Idioms and Idiomatic
            (A Regen Publication, Simon & Schuster, New York)

            WOOD, Frederick Thomas, 1964 and 1967:
            English Verbal Idioms (Macmillan, London)

            WOOD, Frederick Thomas, 1967:
            English Prepositional Idioms (Macmillan, London)

            WOOD, Frederick Thomas, 1969:
            English Colloquial Idioms (Macmillan Lang, London)

            WORRALL, Arthur James, 1932, 3rd edition 1938:
            English Idioms for Foreign Students (Longman,
            London)

            WORRAL, Arthur James, 1953:
            More English Idioms for Foreign Students (Longman,
            London)

            YULE-BURNELL:
            Hobson-Jobson (London)

            DEX

            axe
            a battle axe 17
            to have an axe to grind 10

            back

            back to square one 177

            to have one's back to the wall 196
            backroom boys 11
            bacon

            to bring home the bacon 11
            to save one's bacon 12

            to be a good/bad egg 80
            ucky break 41
            ton to let the cat out of the bag 49
            baker's, a baker's dozen 12

            ball, hit the ball for six 201

            bamboo, the bamboo curtain 19
            bandwagon, to climb on the bandwagon 13
            bandy

            to bandy something about 14, 108
            to bandy words with someone 14
            bandy-legged 14
            bank on something, to 14
            Bannister, doing a Bannister 158
            baptism of fire 15,93
            bargain, a Dutch bargain 76
            barge pole, wouldn't touch it with a barge pole 15
            bark, to bark up the wrong tree 16
            barred, no holds barred 137
            barrel
            lock, stock and barrel 124
            over a barrel 16
            bat

                evince -p 216 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/en-idiomdict2.pdf &

            off one's own bat 201

            to bat on a sticky wicket 200, 201
            bated, with bated breath 180
            battle, to battle axe 17
            bay, to keep at bay 115, 205
            beam

            to be broad in the beam 17

            to be on one's beam ends 17
            bean, a bean feast 18
            beans, to spill the beans 175
            beat

            to beat a (hasty) retreat 18

            to beat about the bush 18
            beaten track, off the beaten track 20
            beaver, an eager beaver 79
            bed

            apple-pie bed 8
            to get out of bed on the wrong side 20

            bee
            to be the bee's knees 20
            to have a bee in one's bonnet 21
            to make a bee line for 21
            before you can say Jack Robinson 104
            believing, seeing is believing 24
            1

            to bell the cat 22

            to ring a bell 153
            berserk, to go berserk 22
            best

            best bib and tucker 24
            the best thing since sliced bread 40
            better late than never 24
            Betty martin, all my eye and Betty Martin 23
            between
            between the devil and the deep blue sea 68
            to take the bit between one's teeth 26
            beyond the pale 142
            bib, best bib and tucker 24
            big wig, a 25
            billio, like billio 25
            bird, a little bird told me 26
            biscuit, to take the biscuit 26
            bit, to take the bit between one's tecth 26
            bite
            to bite off more than one can chew 27
            to bite the bullet 27
            to bite the dust 28
            bitter, to the bitter end 28
            black
            a black mark 30
            as black as hell 30
            as black as the devil 30
            black arts 30
            black economy 30
            black magic 30
            black market 30
            fly the black flag 30
            in a black humour or mood 30
            in the black 19
            like the black hole of Calcutta 156
            paint things in black colours 30
            the black sheep of the family 29
            to be in someone's black books 29
            to give somebody a black look 30
            to look as black as thunder 30
            black-coated, a black-coated worker 19
            black-hearted, a black-hearted villain 30
            blackball, to blackball someone 31
            blackleg, a 30
            blacklist, to 31
            blackmail, 30
            blank, to draw a blank, 74
            blanket, born on the wrong side of the blanket 32
            Blighty, dear old Blighty 33
            block, a chip off the old block 57
            blow, to blow to smithereens 172
            -Index- 209

            blue
            a blue stocking 35
            between the devil and the deep blue sea 68, 117
            blue joke 36
            blue tale 36
            like a bolt from the blue 33
            once in a blue moon 33
            out of the blue 33, 173
            the blue collar worker 19
            the Blue Riband of the Atlantic 109
            the Blue Ribbon 34, 109
            to scream blue murder 117
            blue-blooded 35
            blue-chip 37
            blue-eyed, a 37
            bluff, to call someone's bluff 47
            board

            above board 1
            to go by the board 37
            boats, to burn one's boats/bridges (behind one) 42
            Bob's your uncle 159
            bolt, like a bolt from the blue 33
            bombshell, to drop a bombshell 38
            bonnet, to have a bee in one's bonnet 21
            books, to be in someone's black books 29
            boot

            the boot is on the other foot 38

            to boot 38
            born on the wrong side of the blanket 32
            box, Pandora's box 142

            boy

            a blue-eyed boy 37

            a whipping boy 199
            boys, backroom boys 11
            brand new 39
            brass, to get down to brass tacks 39
            bread, the best thing since sliced bread 40
            breadline, on the breadline 40
            break

            a good/bad/lucky break 41

            . break the ice 113

            0 get/give someone a break 41

            iwon , with bated breath 180
            bridges, to burn one's a (behind one) 42
            bring, to bring home the bacon 11
            Bristol, (all) shipshape and ae fashion 168
            broad, to be broad in the beam
            brush, tarred with the same onus 184
            buck, to pass the buck 41
            bucket, to kick the bucket 117
            bud, to nip something in the bud 137
            bull

            like a bull in a china shop 43
            like a red rag toa bull 43
            to take the bull by the horns 42
            bullet, to bite the bullet 27
            burn
            to burn one's boats/bridges (behind one) 42
            to bum the midnight oil 44
            burning, my ears are burning 79, 93
            burns, to fiddle while Rome burns 85
            burton, to go for a burton, 44
            bury, to bury the hatchet 45
            bush, to beat about the bush 7
            busman's, a busman's holiday 45

            by and by 45
            by and large 46

            cake

            to take the cake 46

            you can't have your cake and eat it 118
            Calcutta, like the black hole of Calcutta 156
            call

            to call a spade a spade 174
            to call someone's bluff 47
            210 + Index +

                evince -p 217 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/en-idiomdict2.pdf &

            call ~ cont'd.

            to call to mind 110
            camel, to strain at a gnat and swallow a camel 182
            canoe, to paddle one's own canoe 141
            cap, a feather in one's cap 83
            cards, to be on the cards 47
            cast, the die is cast 70
            cat

            no room to swing acat 47, 205

            to bell the cat

            to grin like a Cheshire cat 48

            to let the cat out of the bag 49
            catherine wheel, a 158
            cats, to rain cats and dogs 150
            chaff, to separate the wheat from the chaff 198
            changes, to ring the changes 153
            chase, a wild goose chase 200
            cheek

            cheek by jowl 49

            to turn the other cheek 49
            cheesed off 50
            Cheshire, to grin like a Cheshire cat 48
            chestnut, an old chestnut 50
            chew, to bite off more than one can chew 27
            china, like a bull in a china shop 43
            chip

            a chip off the old block 51

            to chipin 51

            to have a chip on one's shoulder 51
            chips

            the chips are down 52

            to have had one's chips 52
            choc-a-bloc 54
            choice, Hobson's choice 102
            clay, feet of clay 84
            cleaners, to be taken to the cleaners 54
            cleft stick, ina 54
            climb, to climb on the bandwagon 13
            close your eyes and think of England 55
            clothes line, I could sleep on a clothes line 55
            clothing, a wolf in sheep's clothing 203
            cloud

            in cloud cuckoo land 56

            on cloud nine 56
            cluc, not to have aclue 56
            coach, to drive a coach and horses through something

            74

            coals, to haul someone over the coals 93, 100
            cock, to cock a snook at someone 57
            cock-a- . to be cock-a-h 57
            cocked, to knock into a cocked hat 120
            Cocker, according to Cocker 105
            codswallop. a load of codswallop 58
            cold

            to get cold feet 59

            to give someone the cold shoulder 59

            to go cold turkey 60

            to pour/throw cold water on something 60
            collar

            the blue collar worker 19

            the white collar worker 19
            colours

            paint things in black colours 30

            to nail one's colours to the mast 61

            to sail under false colours 61

            to show onesclf in one's true colours 61
            come

            till/to Kingdom come 119

            to come/turn up trumps 193

            to come up to scratch 165
            concert, a Dutch concert 76
            contraption, a Heath Robinson contraption 63
            cook, to cook one's/someone's goose 94
            cordon bleu 76
            couch, a couch potato 62
            courage, Dutch courage 75
            Coventry, to send someone to Coventry 62, 156
            cricket, it's not cricket 201

            crocodile tears 63

            crook, by hook or by crook 107

            cross

            to cross one's fingers 64
            to cross the Rubicon 156, 160
            crow, as the crow flies 64

            cry
            to cry for the moon 24, 130
            to cry wolf 64
            cuckoo, in cloud cuckoo land 56
            cup, not one's cup of tea 65
            cupboard, a skeleton in the cupboard 93, 171
            curate's egg. like the curate's egg - good in parts 65
            curry, to curry favour 66
            curtain
            the bamboo curtain 19
            the iron curtain 19
            cut
            tocut andrun 66
            to cut no ice with someone 66
            to cut the Gordian knot 157
            to cut to the quick 67

            dam/damn, not to care/give a tinker's dam/damn 190
            Damocles, the sword of Damocles 183
            dampers, to put the dampers on something 67
            dark
            a dark horse 68
            a leap in the dark 121
            day, a red letter day 151
            days
            a nine days' wonder 136
            dog days 71
            halcyon days 97
            dead
            as dead as a dodo 70
            as dead as a doornail 73
            to flog a dead horse 87
            dear old Blighty 33
            death, under/on pain of death 110
            deep, between the devil and the deep blue sea 68, 117
            den, to enter the lion's den 123
            devil
            as black as the devil 30
            between the devil and the deep blue sea 68, 117
            the devil to pay 69
            Dick's hatband, as queer, tight or fine as Dick's
            hatband 104
            dickens, the 70, 105, 173
            die, the dic is cast 70
            digest, mark, learn and inwardly digest 126
            discord, apple of discord 5
            discase, the French discase 77
            Dr Livingstone, I presume? 157
            dodo, as dead as adodo 70

            dog
            dog days 71
            dog in a manger 71
            to see a man about a dog 71
            dogs, to rain cats and dogs 150
            doldrums, in the doldrums 72
            donkey's years, not for donkey's years 72
            door, to keep the wolf from the door 204
            doornail, as dead as a doornail 73
            double Dutch 75
            down
            down in the dumps 73
            the chips are down 52
            to get down to brass tacks 39
            to win hands down 202
            dozen, a baker's dozen 12
            draw, to draw a blank 74
            drive
            to drive a coach and horses through something 74

                evince -p 218 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/en-idiomdict2.pdf &

            to drive someone to the wall 195
            drop
            at the drop of a hat 99
            to drop a bombshell 38
            dropped, the penny dropped 145
            pe to be left high and dry 101
            uck

            a lame duck 74

            a sitting duck 171
            duckling, an ugly duckling 194
            dumps, down in the dumps 73
            dust, to bite the dust 28
            Dutch

            a Dutch auction 76

            a Dutch bargain 76

            a Dutch concert 76

            a Dutch feast 76

            a Dutch nightingale 77

            a Dutch treat 78

            double Dutch 75

            Dutch courage 75

            to go Dutch 78

            to talk to someone like a Dutch uncle 77
            Dutchman, or I'm a Dutchman 78
            dycd in the wool 78

            cager beaver, an 79
            ears, my ears are burning 79, 93
            earth, salt of the earth 162
            eat
            to eat humble pie 79
            you can't have your cake and eat it 118
            economy, black economy 30
            ¢
            anestegg 134
            like the curate's egg - good in parts 65
            to be a bad/good egg 80
            to have egg on one's face 80
            cegs .
            as sure as eggs iseggs 81
            to kill the goose which lays the golden eggs 95
            to teach one's grandmother to suck cggs 81
            elephant, a white elephant 199
            eleventh, at the eleventh hour 112
            end
            ata loose end 125
            at the end of one's tether 186
            to the bitter end 28
            ends
            to be on one's beam ends 17
            to make (both) ends meet 126
            England, close your eyes and think of England 55
            enter, to enter the lion's den 123
            every Tom, Dick and Harry 105
            eye
            all my eye and Betty Martin 23
            in the mind's cye 180
            in the twinkling of aneye 181
            the apple of one's eye 5
            eyes
            close your eyes and think of England 55
            to pull the wool over somcone's cyes 204

            face, to have egg on one's face 80
            fair game 82
            false

            to ring true/false 154

            to sail under false colours 61
            family, the black sheep of the family 29
            fancy, footloose and fancy free 90
            fantastic, to trip the light fantastic 193
            fashion, (all) shipshape and Bristol fashion 168
            favour, to curry favour 66
            feast

            a bean feast 18

            a Dutch feast 76
            «Index- 211

            feather
            a feather in one's cap 83
            to feather one's (own) nest 135
            to show the white feather 84
            feet
            feet of clay 84
            to get cold feet 59
            fiddle

            as fit as a fiddle 84

            to fiddle while Rome burns 85
            file, rank and file 150
            filthy lucre 86
            final, the last/final straw 183
            fine, as queer, tight or fine as Dick's hatband 104
            finger, to have a finger in the/every pie 86
            i to cross one's fingers 64

            ¢c

            baptism of fire 15, 93

            friendly fire 69

            set the Thames on fire 157

            to hang fire 98

            to have too many/other irons in the fire 113
            fish, a kettle of fish 116, 117
            fit, as fit as a fiddle 85

            -~
            y the black flag 30
            waving the white flag 30
            flash, a flash in the pan 87
            flavour, the flavour of the month 87
            flies, as the crow flies 64
            flit, to do a moonlight flit 131
            flog, to flog a dead horse 87
            fly
            a fly in the ointment 88
            fly the black flag 30
            to fly off the handle 88
            fool, to play the fool 181
            foot
            the boot is on the other foot 38
            to put one's foot in it 89
            to put one's foot in one's mouth 90
            to set off on the right/wrong foot 90
            footloose and fancy free 90
            fort, to hold the fort 106
            foul, to foul one's own nest 135
            free, footloose and fancy free 90
            French
            a French kiss 77
            a French letter 77
            pardon my French 77
            the French disease 77
            the French way 77
            to take French leave 91
            friendly fire 69

            game, fair game 82
            gauntlet

            to run the gauntict 91, 93

            to take up the gauntlet 92

            to throw down the gauntlet 92
            gibberish, to talk gibberish 92
            gnat, to strain at a gnat and swallow a camel 182
            goalposts, to move the goalposts 94
            goat, to get someone's goat 94
            goats, to separate the sheep from the goats 167
            gods, it is in the lap of the gods 120
            Goldberg. a Rube Goldberg 63
            oo to kill the goose which lays the golden eggs 95
            gi

            to be a good/bad egg 80

            a good/bad/lucky break 41
            goose

            a wild goose chase 200

            to cook one's/someonce's goose 94

            to kill the goose which lays the golden eggs 95
            Gordian, to cut the Gordian knot 157
            212 = Index +

                evince -p 219 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/en-idiomdict2.pdf &

            grain, to take something with a pinch/grain of salt 163
            grandmother, to teach one's grandmother to suck
            eggs 81
            grapes, sour grapes 172
            grapevine, on the grapevine 96
            grasp, to grasp the nettle 136
            ave, someone's just walked over my grave 93, 96

            reek, it's all Greek to me 77
            grin, to grin like a Cheshire cat 48
            grind, to have an axe to grind 10

            , to feel 97

            growed, like Topsy, it just growed 191
            Grundy, a Mrs Grundy 1
            gun, to jump the gun 115
            Gunter, according to Gunter 105

            days 97
            ham actor, a 98
            handle, to fly off the handle 88
            hands
            to win hands down 202
            to wash one's hands of something 55
            - to hang fire 98
            hangdog, a ~—_ look 98, 205
            hanky-panky
            Harvey Smith, to give somebody the old Harvey
            Smith 159
            haste
            more haste, less speed 24
            h post haste 149
            at

            at the drop of a hat 99
            to knock into a cocked hat 120
            hatband, as queer, tight or fine as Dick's hatband 104
            hatchet
            a hatchet job 93, 99
            to bury the hatchet 45
            haul, to haul someone over the coals 93, 100
            havoc, to play/wreak havoc 100
            haystack, like looking for a needle in a haystack 134
            haywire, to go 10
            Heath Robinson, a Heath Robinson contraption 63
            heaven, to be in the seventh heaven 167
            heel, an Achilles' heel 2
            hell, as black as hell 30
            ee ared herring 151, 205

            aon jinks 102
            to be left high and dry 101
            hit the ball for six. to 201
            Hobson's choice 102
            hocus pocus 103
            . to go the whole hog 106
            hold the fort, to 106
            holds, no holds barred 137
            hole
            like the black hole of Calcutta 156
            to be in ahole 107
            holiday, a busman's holiday 45
            home, to bring home the bacon 11
            hook

            by hook or by crook 107
            hook, line and sinker 111
            horns, to take the bull by the horns 42
            horse
            a dark horse 68
            a stalking horse 178
            a Trojan horse 156
            from the horse's mouth 112
            to flog a dead horse 87
            horses, to drive a coach and horses through
            something 74
            hour, at the eleventh hour 112
            Hoyle, according to Hoyle 105
            humble, to eat humble pie 79
            humour, in a black humour or mood 30
            hunch, to have a hunch 112

            ice
            to break the ice 113
            to cut no ice with someone 66
            injury, to add insult to injury 3
            insult, to add insult to injury 3
            iron, the iron curtain 19
            irons, to have too many/other irons in the fire 113
            it's not cricket 201
            ivory, an ivory tower 114

            Jack Robinson, before you can say Jack Robinson 104
            Janus-faced 114

            Jeremiah, a 105

            jinks, high jinks 102

            job, a hatchet job 93, 99

            jobs, pink collar jobs 19

            joint, out of joint 180

            joke, blue joke 36

            Joneses, to keep up with the Joneses 114
            jowl, check by jowl 49

            jumbo, mumbo jumbo 133

            jump, to jump the gun 115

            keep
            to keep in mind 110
            to keep at bay 115, 205
            to keep the wolf from the door 204
            to keep up with the Joneses 114
            kettle, a kettle of fish 116, 117
            kick, to kick the bucket 117
            kicking, alive and kicking 3
            kill, to kill the goose which lays the golden eggs 95
            kin, kith and kin 109
            Kingdom, til/to Kingdom come 119
            kiss, a French kiss 77
            kith and kin 109
            knees, to be the bee's knees 20
            knock

            to knock into a cocked hat 120
            . to knock (the) spots off someon: 118, 176
            not
            to cut the Gordian knot 157
            to tie the knot 189
            know
            to know/change one's own mind 110
            to know/learn the ropes 160

            lame, a lame duck 74

            land, in cuckoo land 56

            lap, it is in the lap of the gods 120
            large, by and large 46

            last, the last/final straw 183

            late, better late than never 24
            lay, to lay it on with a trowel 180
            lays, to kill the goose which lays the golden eggs 95
            leaf, to turn over a new leaf 121
            leap, a leap in the dark 121

            learn

            mark, learn and inwardly digest 126
            to know/learn the ropes 160
            leave
            to leave in the lurch 108
            to leave no stone unturned 179
            to take French leave 91
            left
            left in the lurch 108
            to be left high and dry 101

            to show a leg 170

            to pull someone's leg 93, 122
            letter

            a French letter 72

            ared letter day 151
            lick, to lick into shape 122
            light, to trip the light fantastic 193

                evince -p 220 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/en-idiomdict2.pdf &

            limelight, in the limelight 123
            line

            hook, line and sinker 111

            I could sleep on a clothes line 55

            to make a bee line for 21

            to toe the line 190
            lion's

            the lion's share 124
            i ee 123

            a stiff wu)

            litic, a little bird told me 26
            live, to live on a shoestring 169
            Livingstone, Dr Livingstone I presume? 157
            load, a load of codswallop 58
            lock, stock and barrel 124
            loggerheads, to be at loggerheads over something 124
            oe in the tooth 125

            a hangdog look 98, 205
            look on the black side of things 30
            to look as black as thunder

            se

            ooking for a needle in a haystack 134
            things are looking black 30

            loose, at a loose end 125

            lot, scot and lot 165

            lucky, a ea break 41

            lucre, filthy lucre 86

            lurch, left in the lurch 108

            made of sterner stuff 178
            magic, black magic 3
            main, with/by might and main 109
            make, to make (both) ends meet 126
            man, to see a man about a dog 71
            manger, dog in a manger 71
            marines, tell it to the marines 184.
            mark

            a black mark 30

            mark, learn and inwardly digest 126
            market, a black market 30
            Martin, all my eye and Betty Martin 23
            mast, to nail one's colours to the mast 61
            matters, not to mince matters/one's words 128
            McCoy, the real McCoy 126
            me, it's all Greek to me 77
            meet

            to make (both) ends meet 126

            to meet one's Waterloo 156, 197
            merrier, the more, the merrier 24
            mettle, to be on one's 108
            middle

            middle of the road 127

            piggy in the middle 147
            midnight, to burn the midnight oil 44
            might, with/by might and main 109
            mince, not to mince matters/one's words 128
            mind

            out of sight, out of mind 24

            time out of mind 110

            to callto mind 110

            to have a mind to do something 110

            to keep in mind 110

            to know/change one's own mind 110

            to mind one's p's and q's 128
            mind's, in the mind's eye 180
            month, the flavour of the month 87
            mood, in a black humour or mood 30
            moon

            once in a blue moon 33

            over the moon 129

            to cry for the moon 24, 130

            to pay/offer somebody the moon for something 131
            moonlight, to do a moonlight flit 131
            moonlighting 131
            moot point, a 129, 139
            -Index+ 213

            more
            more haste, less speed 24
            the more, the merrier 24
            mouth
            from the horse's mouth 112
            to put one's foot in one's mouth 90
            move, to move the goalposts 94
            mud, his name is mud 132
            mumbo jumbo 133
            murder
            to get away with murder 117
            to scream blue murder 117
            nail
            to nail one's colours to the mast 61
            to pay on the nail 133
            namby-pamby 134
            name, his name is mud 132
            needle, like looking for a needle in a haystack 134
            nest
            a nest egg 134
            to feather one's (own) nest 135
            to foul one's own nest 135
            nettle, to grasp the nettle 135
            never, better late than never 24

            new

            brand new 39

            pastures new 144

            to turn over a new leaf 121
            nick, in the nick of time 136
            nightingale, a Dutch nightingale 77
            nine

            a nine days' wonder 136

            a stitch in time saves nine 24

            on cloud nine 56
            nip, to nip something in the bud 137
            no holds barred 137

            nose, to pay through the nose 93, 137
            nosey, a nosey parker 105

            Oats, to sow one's wild oats 174
            off

            cheesed off 50
            off one's own bat 201
            to knock (the) spots off 176
            to stave off 205
            offer, be pay/offer somebody the moon for something
            131

            oil
            to burn the midnight oil 44
            to pour oil on troubled waters 140
            ointment, a fly in the ointment 88
            old
            a chip off the old block 51
            an old chestnut
            dear old Blighty 33
            on
            on the wagon 195
            on the warpath 196
            one, back to square one 177
            order
            in apple-pie order 8
            the pecking order 144
            other
            the boot is on the other foot 38
            to turn the other cheek 49
            out
            out of joint 180
            out of sight, out of mind 24
            out of the blue 33, 173
            over
            over a barrel 16
            over the moon 129
            over the top 191
            over-egg, to over-cgg the pudding 141

            p's, to mind one's p's and q's 128
            214 + Index +

                evince -p 221 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/en-idiomdict2.pdf &

            paddle, to paddle one's own canoe 141
            pain, under/on pain of death 110
            Pains
            for one's pains 110
            to be at pains to do something 110
            paint
            to paint things in black colours 30
            to paint the town red 141
            pale, beyond the pale 142
            . a flash in the pan 87
            ndora's box 142
            pardon my French 77
            parker, a nosey parker 105
            parrot, as sick as a parrot 143
            parting, a parting shot 143
            Pass, to pass the buck 41
            turesnew 144
            ul, to rob Peter to pay Paul 155

            pay

            the devil to pay 69

            to pay on the nail 133

            to pay through the nose 93, 137

            to pay/offer somebody the moon for something 131

            to rob Peter to pay Paul 155
            pecking order, the 144

            nny, the penny dropped 145

            eter, to rob Peter to pay Paul 155

            pickle, in a pickle 117, 145
            pice

            in apple-pie order 8

            to cat humble pie 79

            to have a finger in the/every pie 86
            pig. a pig in a poke 146, 205
            pigeon-hole, to pigeon-hole someone 147
            piggy in the middle 147
            pikestaff, as plain as a pikestaff 147
            pinch, to take something with a pinch/grain of salt 163
            pink collar jobs 19
            pipeline, in the pipeline 148
            plain. as plain as a pikestaff 147
            play

            to play the fool 181

            to play/wreak havoc 100
            pledge. to sign the pledge 170
            point, a moot point 129
            poke, a pig in a poke 146, 205
            poker-faced 148

            le

            up the pole 148

            wouldn't touch it with a barge pole 15
            poll, a straw poll 182
            post haste 149
            pot, to goto pot 149
            potato, a couch potato 62
            pour

            to pour oil on troubled waters 140

            to pour/throw cold water on something 60
            pudding. to over-egg the pudding 141
            pull

            to pull someone's leg 93, 122

            to pull the wool over someone's eyes 204
            put

            to put one's foot in it 89

            to put one's foot in one's mouth 90

            to put the dampers on something 67
            Pyrrhic victory, a 157

            q's, to mind one's p's and q's 128
            quecr, as queer, tight or fine as Dick's hatband 104
            quick, to cut to the quick 67

            Rs, the three 186

            rack and ruin 109

            rag, like a red rag to a bull 43

            rain, to rain cats and dogs 150

            rank and file 150

            re-invent. to re-invent the wheel 151
            read, to read someone the riot act 154
            real, the real McCoy 126
            red

            ared herring 151, 205

            a red letter day 151

            like a red rag toa bull 43

            red tape 15

            to be inthe red 19

            to paint the town red 141
            retreat, to beat a (hasty) retreat 18
            Riband, the Blue Riband of the Atlantic 109
            Ribbon, the Blue Ribbon 34, 109
            ride, to ride roughshod over 152
            right

            on the ri wrong tack 184

            to set off on the right'wrong foot 90
            ring

            the ring of truth 153

            to ring a bell 153

            to ring the changes 153

            to ring true/false 154
            riot act, to read someone the riot act 154
            road, middle of the road 127
            rob, to rob Peter to pay Paul 155
            Rome, to fiddle while Rome burns 85
            room, no room to swing a cat 47, 205
            roost, to rule the roost 161
            root, to root for someone 155
            ropes, to know/learn the ropes 160
            roughshod, to ride roughshod over 152
            tub

            there's the rub 180

            to rub salt in the wound 163
            Rube Goldberg, a 63
            Rubicon, to cross the Rubicon 156, 160
            ruin, rack and ruin 109
            rule

            arule of thumb 160

            to rule the roost 161
            run

            to cut and run 66

            to run amuck 4

            to run the gauntlet 91, 93

            sack, to get the sack 161
            sackcloth, to wear sackcloth and ashes 162
            sail, to sail under false colours 61
            sails, to trim one's sails 192
            salt
            salt of the earth 162
            to be worth one's salt 163
            to rub salt in the wound 163
            to take something with a pinch/grain of salt 163
            save, to save one's bacon 12
            saves, a Stitch in time saves nine 24
            scot and lot 165
            scot-free, to go/get off scovfree 164, 165
            scrape, to get into a scrape 164
            scratch
            to come up to scratch 165
            to start from scratch 166
            scream, to scream blue murder 117
            sea, between the devil and the deep blue sea 68, 117
            seal of approval 166
            season, the silly season 170
            see, to see a man about a dog 71
            seeing is believing 24
            send, to send someone to Coventry 62, 156
            separate
            to separate the sheep from the goats 167
            to separate the wheat from the chaff 198
            sepulchre, a whited sepulchre 199
            set
            set the Thames on fire 157
            to set off on the right/wrong foot 90
            seventh, to be in the seventh heaven 167

                evince -p 222 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/en-idiomdict2.pdf &

            shambles, in a shambles 167
            shape. to lick into shape 122
            share, the lion's share 124
            sheep
            a wolf in sheep's clothing 203
            the black sheep of the family 29
            to separate the sheep from the goats 167
            shell-shocked 168
            shilly-shally, to 168
            shipshape, (all) shipshape and Bristol fashion 168
            shoestring, to live on a shoestring 169
            shop, like a bull in a china shop 43
            short. to give/get short shrift 169
            shot, a parting shot 143
            shoulder
            to give someone the cold shoulder 59
            to have a chip on one's shoulder 51

            show a leg 170
            stole the show 53
            to show oneself in one's true colours 61
            shrift, to give/get short shrift 169
            Sick, as sick as a parrot 143
            side
            born on the wrong side of the blanket 32
            look on the black side of things 30
            on the side of the angels 4
            to get out of bed on the iy, ed 20
            sight, out of sight, out of mind
            sign, to sign the pledge 170
            silly, the silly season 170
            sinker, hook, line and sinker 111
            sitting, a sitting duck 171
            six, hit the ball for six 201
            skeleton, a skeleton in the cupboard 93, 171
            skin, by the skin of one's teeth 172
            sleep, I could sleep on a clothes line 55
            sliced, the best thing since sliced bread 40
            smithereens, to blow to smithereens 172
            snook, to cock a snook at someone 57
            sour grapes 172
            sow, to sow one's wild oats 174
            spade, to call a spade a spade 174
            span, spick and span 175
            speed, more haste, less speed 24
            spick and span 175
            spill the beans, to 175
            spoke, to put a spoke in someone's wheel 176
            sponge, to throw up/in the sponge 187

            spots
            to knock (the) spots off 118, 176
            to knock spots off someone 176
            spout, up the spout 177
            square, back to square one 177
            stalking, a stalking horse 178
            Start, to start from scratch 166
            stave, to stave off 205
            Steal, to steal someone's thunder 188
            sterner, made of sterner stuff 178
            stick, in a cleft stick 54
            sticky, to bat on a sticky wicket 200, 201
            stiff, a stiff ae lip 178
            stitch, a stitch in time saves nine 24
            stock, lock, stock and barrel 124
            stocking, a blue stocking 35
            stole the show 53
            stone, to leave no stone unturned 179
            storm, a storm in a teacup 179
            strain, to strain at a gnat and swallow a camel 182
            straw
            a Straw poll 182
            the last/final straw 183
            stuff, made of sterner stuff 178
            suck, to teach one's grandmother to suck eggs 81
            sure, as sure as eggs is eggs 81
            swallow, to strain at a gnat and swallow a camel 182
            *Index+ 215

            swing, no room to swing a cat 47, 205
            sword, the sword of Damocles 93, 183

            T.toa 190
            tack, on the right/wrong tack 184
            tacks, to get down to brass tacks 39
            take
            to take French leave 77
            to take someone under one's wing 203
            to take the biscuit 26
            to take the bit between one's teeth 26
            to take the bull by the horns 42
            to take the cake 46
            to take umbrage 194
            to take up the gauntlet 92
            taken
            to be taken aback 1
            to be taken to the cleaners 54
            tale, blue tale 36
            talk, to talk gibberish 92
            tape, red tape 152
            tarred with the same brush 184
            tea, not one's cup of tea 65
            teach, to teach one's grandmother to suck eggs 81
            teacup, a storm ina teacup 179
            tears, crocodile tears 63
            teeth
            by the skin of one's teeth 172
            to take the bit between one's teeth 26
            tell it to the marines 184
            tenterhooks, on tenterhooks 185
            test, the acid test 2
            tether, at the end of one's tether 186
            Thames, to set the Thames on fire 157
            that's
            that's the ticket 188
            that's white of you 30
            there's the rub 180
            things
            things are looking black 30
            to look on the black side of things 30
            think, close your eyes and think of England 55
            three Rs, the 186
            throw
            to pour/throw cold water on something 60
            to throw down the gauntlet 92
            to throw in the towel 186
            to throw up/in the sponge 187
            thumb, a rule of thumb 160
            thumbs, to give something the thumbs up/down 187
            thunder
            to look as black as thunder 30
            to steal someone's thunder 188
            ticket, that's the ticket 188
            tie, to tie the knot 189
            tight, as queer, tight or fine as Dick's hathand 104
            tilt, to tilt at windmills 189
            time
            a Stitch in time saves nine 24
            in the nick of time 136
            time out of mind 110
            tinker's, not to care/give a tinker's dam/damn 190
            toe, to toe the line 190
            told, a little bird told me 26
            Tom, every Tom, Dick and Harry 105
            tooth, long in the tooth 125
            top, over the top 191
            Topsy, like Topsy it just growed 191
            touch
            touch wood 93, 192
            wouldn't touch it with a barge pole 15
            towel, to throw in the towel 186
            tower, an ivory tower 114
            town, to paint the town red 141
            track, off the beaten track 20
            treat, a Dutch treat 78
            216 + Index +

                evince -p 223 ~/Empire/Doks/Lang/En/en-idiomdict2.pdf &

            tree, to bark up the wrong tree 16
            trim, to trim one's sails 192
            trip, to trip the light fantastic 193
            Trojan, a Trojan 156
            troubled, to pour oil on troubled waters 140
            trowel, to lay it on with a trowel 180
            true

            to ring true/false 154

            to show oneself in one's true colours 61
            trumps, to come/turn up trumps 193
            truth, the ring of truth 153
            tucker, best bib and tucker 24
            turkey, to go cold turkey 60
            turn

            to come/turn up trumps 193

            to turn over a new leaf 121

            to turn the other cheek 49
            twinkling, in the twinkling of an eye 181
            two, in two minds 110
            two-faced 194

            ugly, an ugly duckling 194
            umbrage, to take umbrage 194
            uncle
            Bob's your uncle 159
            to talk to someone like a Dutch uncle 77
            unturned, to leave no stone unturned 179

            up
            up the pole 148
            up the spout 177
            upper, a stiff upper lip 178

            victory, a Pyrrhic victory 157
            villain, a black-hearted villain 30

            wagon, on the wagon 195
            ed, someone's just walked over my grave 93, 96
            wall

            the writing is on the wall 204
            to drive someone up the wall 195
            to go to the wall 1
            to have one's back to the wall 196
            warpath, on the warpath 196
            warts and all 197
            wash, to wash one's hand of something 55
            water, to pour/throw cold water on something 60
            Waterloo, to meet one's 156, 197
            waters, to pour oil on troubled waters 140
            way, the French way 77
            wheat, to separate the wheat from the chaff 198
            wheel
            a catherine wheel 158
            to put a spoke in someone's wheel 176
            to re-invent the wheel 151
            wheeler-dealer, a 198

            whipping, a whipping boy 199
            white

            a white elephant 199

            a white lie 30

            a white witch 30

            that's white of you 30

            the white collar worker 19

            the white feather 30

            to show the white feather 84

            waving the white flag 30

            white magic 30

            white wedding 30
            white-livered
            whited, a whited sepulchre 199
            whole, to go the whole hog 106
            wicket, to bat on a sticky wicket 200, 201
            wie, a big wig 25
            wi

            a wild goose chase 200

            to sow one's wild oats 174
            willies, to give someone the willies 202
            willy-nilly 202
            win, to win hands down 202
            windmills, to tilt at windmills 189
            wing, to take someone under one's wing 203
            wolf

            a wolf in sheep's clothing 203

            to cry wolf 64

            to keep the wolf from the door 204
            wonder, a nine days' wonder 136
            wood, touch wood 93, 192
            wool

            dyed in the wool 78

            to pull the wool over someone's eyes 204
            words

            not to mince matters/one's words 128

            to bandy words with someone 14
            worker

            a black-coated worker 19

            the blue collar worker 19

            the white collar worker 19
            worth, to be worth one's salt 163
            wouldn't touch it with a barge pole 15
            wound, to rub salt in the wound 163
            wreak, to play/wreak havoc 100
            write, to write like an angel 4
            writing, the writing is on the wall 204
            wrong

            ee 32

            on the ri tack 1

            to bark up the wrong tree 16

            to get out of bed on the wrong side 20

            to set off on the right/wrong foot 90

            years, not for donkey's years 72
            you can't have your cake and eat it 118

