vim:fdm=indent:fdl=2:
set foldmethod=indent foldlevel=2

PowerPoint
LOffice Impress

Pandoc
Reveal
Impress

Emacs Org
Markdown
GitHub-flavor Markdown
Mermaid
PlantUml
----
markdown extra
MultiMarkdown
writers markdown
----
Xml
Emacs XML-Mode
Vim Xml-Tools
json, yaml  # look at more m.u. formats
vim json-tools
Context
texinfo
Docbook
Wiki

Gemini-Question: Listing different Markdown flavors 
                - Standard Markdown:
                The original and most basic flavor.
                - GitHub-Flavored Markdown (GFM): Popularized by GitHub, it adds features like tables, task lists, and user mentions.
                - CommonMark: A standardized and stricter version of Markdown.
                - Markdown Extra: Extends Standard Markdown with features like tables, fenced code blocks, and definition lists.
                - MultiMarkdown: A powerful flavor with advanced features like footnotes, citations, and metadata.
                - Pandoc Markdown: A versatile flavor supported by the Pandoc document converter, offering a wide range of extensions.
                - Kramdown: A robust Markdown superset used by Jekyll and Ruby on Rails.
                - Discount: An early and influential Markdown implementation.
                - PEG Markdown: A modern parser for Markdown based on Parsing Expression Grammars.
                - Remark: A fast and efficient Markdown parser.
                - Maruku: Another popular Markdown parser with a focus on simplicity and readability.
                - Markdown Here: A browser extension that allows you to easily write and preview Markdown. (Not strictly a "flavor" but a significant implementation)
                - StackEdit: A cloud-based Markdown editor with support for various flavors. (Similar to Markdown Here)
                - MyST Markdown: A flavor specifically designed for scientific and technical documentation, with support for mathematical equations (using LaTeX).
                - GitHub Pages Markdown: The flavor used for creating websites with GitHub Pages.
                - Hugo Markdown: The flavor used by the Hugo static site generator, with features like shortcodes and front matter.
                - Mermaid Markdown: While technically a separate language, it's often used within Markdown documents for creating diagrams and flowcharts.
                - PlantUML Markdown: Similar to Mermaid, allows embedding PlantUML diagrams within Markdown.
                - Critic Markup: Designed for peer review and collaborative editing of Markdown documents.
                - Org-mode: While not strictly Markdown, it's a powerful text-based outlining and organization system with some Markdown-like features.
                Restructured Text (reST):
                    A markup language developed by the Python documentation project.
                    Known for its clear and concise syntax.
                    Often used for technical documentation, especially within the Python ecosystem.
                Python Markdown:
                    While there isn't an official "Python Markdown" standard, this generally refers to Markdown implementations and libraries written in Python.
                    Popular libraries include markdown and mistune.
                    These libraries provide Python developers with tools to parse, render, and manipulate Markdown text.
                Jupyter Markdown:
                    A variant of Markdown used within Jupyter Notebooks.
                    Supports features like code blocks, equations (using LaTeX), and interactive elements.
                Sphinx Markdown:
                    The flavor used by the Sphinx documentation generation system.
                    Extends Markdown with features like directives for including code blocks, cross-referencing, and generating tables of contents.

Pdf
Emacs Pdf-Tools
a2ps

Vim LatexSuite
----
~/Empire/Doks/Comp/lang/tex/latex/Freedman_LaTeXCheatSheet.pdf
~/Empire/Doks/Comp/lang/tex/latex/latexcheatsheet.pdf [@]
  ~/Empire/Doks/Comp/lang/tex/latex/notes4pros-latex.pdf
  [+pull out all methods etc from 'Beautiful Typography in Tex and Friends' ****]
  https://tex.stackexchange.com/questions/1319/showcase-of-beautiful-typography-done-in-tex-friends#24719
    https://www.scribd.com/read/287708181/LaTeX-Cookbook
evince -p 1 ~/Dropbox/rsc/data/lists/ref/comp/cb/latexcb.pdf &
            Downloading the example code
            1 - The Variety of Document Types ----
              TeX and LaTeX distributions
              LaTeX editors
            Writing a short text
            Writing a thesis
              Changing the input encoding
              Getting a right-justified table of contents
              Changing the margins
              Modifying the layout of captions
              Centering displayed equations
            Designing a book
              Changing the page layout
              Designing a title page
              Adding a cover page
              Changing the document class
            Creating a presentation
              Using short titles and names
              Uncovering information piecewise
              Splitting frames in columns
              Showing an outline for each section
              Removing the navigation symbols
              Changing the font
              Changing the color
              Loading a theme from the Internet
              Providing a handout
            Designing a curriculum vitae
            Writing a letter
              Separating paragraphs
              Changing the signature
              Adding enclosures
            Producing a leaflet
              Fold marks and cut lines
              Adjusting the margins
              Adding a background image
              Changing the sectioning font
            Creating a large poster
            2 - Tuning the Text ----
            Inputting accented characters
            Improving justification and hyphenation
            Converting numbers to words
              Multilingual support
              Gender
              Enumerated lists
            Putting text into a colorful box
            Visualizing the layout
              Using geometry
              Examining the page layout details
            Visualizing boxes of letters and symbols
            Typesetting in a grid
            Absolute positioning of text
            Starting a paragraph with an over-sized letter
              Changing the drop cap size
              Coloring the initial
            Fitting text to a shape
              Further shapes
              Cutting out shapes
            Creating a pull quote
            3 - Adjusting Fonts ----
            Basic font commands
            Choosing a font for a document
              Latin Modern
              Kepler fonts
              Font combinations
            Locally switching to a different font
              A command for changing the font
              An environment for changing the font
            Importing just a single symbol from a font family
            Writing bold mathematical symbols
              Standard LaTeX
              AMS-LaTeX and amsmath
              Comparing bm and amsmath
            Getting the sans serif mathematics font
              An alternative approach
              Sans serif fonts with direct math support
              Arev Sans
              Kepler fonts
            Writing double stroke letters as if on a blackboard
            Enabling the searching and copying of ligatures
            Suppressing ligatures
            Adding a contour
            4 - Working with Images ----
            Including images with optimal quality
            Automating image positioning
              Limiting the floating figures and tables
              Fixing the position of a figure
            Manipulating images
            Adding a frame to an image
            Cutting an image to get rounded corners
            Shaping an image like a circle
            Drawing over an image
            Aligning images
            Arranging images in a grid
            Stacking images
            5 - Beautiful Designs ----
            Adding a background image
            Creating beautiful ornaments
            Preparing pretty headings
            Producing a calendar
            Mimicking keys and menu items
            6 - Designing Tables ----
            Creating a legible table
            Adding footnotes to a table
            Aligning numeric data
            Merging cells
            Splitting a cell diagonally
            Adding shape, shading, and transparency
              Numbering table rows automatically
              Adding styles to rows and columns
            Importing data from files
            7 - Contents, Indexes and Bibliographies ----
            Tuning a table of contents, lists of figures, and tables
              Automatic correction of widths
              Printing a flat table of contents
              Getting KOMA-Script like-sans-serif headings
            Creating a bibliography
            Adding _a glossary
            Creating a list of acronyms
            Producing an index
            8 - Getting the Most out of the PDF ----
            Adding hyperlinks
              Inserting custom hyperlinks
               Linking to a place within the document
               Linking to labeled objects
               Linking to the Internet
              Changing the color and shape of the hyperlinks
              Getting backreferences in the bibliography
              Hyperlinking index entries
            Adding metadata
            Adding copyright information
            Inserting comments
            Producing fillable forms
            Optimizing the output for e-book readers
            Removing white margins
            Combining PDF files
            Creating an animation
            9 - Creating Graphics ----
            Building smart diagrams
              Circular diagrams
              Bubble diagrams
              Constellation diagrams
              Descriptive diagrams
              Priority descriptive diagrams
              Animating a diagram
              Further customization
            Constructing a flowchart
            Building a tree
              Creating a decision tree
            Building a bar chart
            Drawing a pie chart
              Square charts
              Polar area charts
              Cloud charts
            Drawing a Venn diagram
            Putting thoughts in a mind map
            Generating a timeline
            10 - Advanced Mathematics ----
            Quick-start for beginners
              Math styles
              Greek letters
              Math symbols
              Squares and fractions
              --
              Subscripts and superscripts
              Operators
              Numbering and referencing equations
              Writing multiline formulas with alignment
               Aligning at the relation symbol
               Centering a block of equations
              Adjusting numbering
            Fine-tuning math formulas
            Automatic line-breaking in equations
            Highlighting in a formula
            Stating definitions and theorems
              Adjusting the numbering
              An alternative theorem package
              Additional theorem tools
            Drawing commutative diagrams
            Plotting functions in two dimensions
              Adding ticks and grids
              Reducing axes
              Plotting in polar coordinates
            Plotting in three dimensions
              Reducing axes
            Drawing geometry pictures
              Defining points
              Calculating points
              Drawing objects
              Printing labels
            Doing calculations
            11 - Science and Technology ----
            Typesetting an algorithm
            Printing a code listing
            Application in graph theory
            Writing physical quantities with units
            Writing chemical formulae
            Drawing molecules
              Drawing rings
              Naming molecules
              Using building blocks
              Applying TikZ options
              Using ready-drawn carbohydrates
            Representing atoms
            Drawing electrical circuits
            12 - Getting Support on the Internet ----
            Exploring online LaTeX resources
              Software archives and catalogues
              User groups
              Web forums and discussion groups
              Frequently Asked Questions
            Using web forums
            Framing a really good question

